===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-02 12:13:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everybody, and welcome to The AES Corporation Q1 2025 Financial Review Call. My name is Emily, and I'll be moderating your call today. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand the call over to Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations to begin. Susan, please go ahead.
Susan Harcourt: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2025 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are disclosed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; Ricardo Falú, our Chief Operating Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2025 financial review call. Today, I'm very pleased to reaffirm both our 2025 guidance and long-term growth rate targets, which reflect our strong execution to date as well as the resilience of our business overall. I will discuss this in more detail and provide an update on the robust growth program at our U.S. utilities. Following my remarks, Steve Coughlin, our CFO, will provide additional color on our financial performance and outlook. Beginning on Slide 3 with our first quarter results. Our financial performance was in line with our expectations with adjusted EBITDA of 591 million and adjusted EPS of $0.27. We completed the construction of 643 megawatts and signed or were awarded 443 megawatts of new PPAs, bringing our backlog to 11.7 gigawatts. We have achieved our asset sale proceeds target for the year, including the sale of a minority stake in our global insurance company, AGIC, for 450 million. Now turning to the resilience of our business model and portfolio. Our execution is proceeding as planned and we expect to hit all of our financial metrics for the year. We have positioned ourselves for success even in the face of uncertainty around tariffs, changes to the Inflation Reduction Act or potential recession. Our business model is based on long-term contracted generation with creditworthy offtakers as well as growth in our U.S. regulated utilities. Our contracting, financing and supply chain strategies have all been designed to minimize the impact of economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, energy prices and tariffs. As a result, we have clear visibility into our future financial performance. I'll first discuss the performance of our renewable business and then address the ways we have ensured that this business is resilient to macroeconomic and policy shifts. Turning to Slide 4. A major driver of our renewables EBITDA growth this year is the approximately 3 gigawatts of new projects we expect to bring online. I'm pleased to say that we are fully on track with more than 600 megawatts already completed, including the 250-megawatt Morris Solar project in Missouri serving Microsoft. Our remaining projects under construction for the year are now approximately 80% complete. Our 1 gigawatt Bellefield 1 project, which includes 500 megawatts of solar and 500 megawatts of storage, is virtually complete and we will be fully operational this summer. This is the first phase of what will be a 2 gigawatt project and the largest solar plus storage plant ever built in the United States, all of which is contracted with Amazon. Moving on to Slide 5. Our supply chain strategy provides us strong protections from any current or potential future tariffs as well as from the impact of inflation. Of the 7 gigawatts in our backlog scheduled to come online in the U.S. between 2025 and 2027, nearly all of the CapEx is protected with zero exposure to tariffs as the equipment is already in the U.S., in transit or contracted to be produced domestically. Our tariff exposure is limited to a small quantity of batteries that are being imported from Korea for projects coming online in 2026 with a maximum potential exposure of 50 million, which we are actively working to further mitigate. This represents just 0.3% of the total U.S. CapEx and is well within the normal project contingency. I would like to emphasize that our U.S. supply chain protects us from any potential tariffs that could be announced, including reciprocal tariffs. We also serve our corporate customers outside the U.S. where we continue to see substantial demand. Contracts that we are signing outside the U.S. are benefiting from lower equipment prices as the result of the increase in international equipment supply, with solar panels typically one-third the cost in Chile versus the U.S. Turning to Slide 6. Our business is also well protected from possible changes to U.S. renewable policy for several reasons. First, we are the top electricity provider to premier corporate clients, including data center customers that require capacity that can come online relatively quickly. We have signed agreements for 9.5 gigawatts with data center companies, more than anyone else in the sector. There are a few others in the industry who can develop, build and operate the projects we offer, which are often large, geographically diverse and with customized commercial structures. Furthermore, with our extensive history of working with large corporate customers, our development projects are tailored to meet their specific needs. We believe our customers will have strong demand for renewables in any scenario. Through the end of the decade, Bloomberg New Energy Finance sees increased electricity demand requiring at least 425 gigawatts of new capacity. While AES is committed to serving our customers with an all of the above strategy, including new gas generation, we see renewables as the primary source of new energy to serve this demand for the following reasons. First, they offer the fastest time to power, given their short construction period and advanced permitting and interconnection queue positions. Second, the fact that they are a low-cost source of power, particularly considering the rapidly rising cost of gas turbines and long lead times. And third, the price stability that they offer customers once contracted, unlike thermal power, which is subject to fluctuating fuel prices. In addition, roughly one-third of our backlog is in international markets where we develop, build and operate renewable projects without tax credits, usually with higher returns than in the U.S. In the absence of tax credit, projects have higher net capital needs but PPA prices are also higher to account for this funding structure. In these cases, we earn higher EBITDA per megawatt and are able to achieve our financial targets with fewer projects. Turning to Slide 7. Another reason for our confidence in the resilience of our business is that nearly our entire U.S. backlog has Safe Harbor protections. Once a project starts construction or incurs 5% of the cost of materials, the project has Safe Harbor protections and has a period of four years to be placed in service and begin receiving tax credits. For example, any project that reaches start of construction milestones in 2025 is Safe Harbored through 2029. Turning to Slide 8. We're also resilient to any economic downturn. Our business is heavily contracted with approximately two-thirds of our EBITDA coming from long-term contracted generation, essentially all of which are take-or-pay and not tied to underlying demand conditions. Looking to the future, nearly all of our growth through 2027 is already secured through our 11.7-gigawatt backlog of signed long-term contracts. At the same time we sign our PPAs, we contractually lock in all major capital costs, EPC arrangements and hedge our long-term financing. This approach gives us clear line of sight to our future EBITDA. We have also achieved our asset sale proceeds target for the year with the sale of a minority interest in our captive insurance company, and we have closed the sell-down of AES Ohio. Furthermore, with our March debt issuance, we have successfully completed all financings needed to address our 2025 debt maturities, and we have hedged 100% of our benchmark interest rate exposure for all corporate financings through 2027. Next, I'll discuss the robust growth program we're undertaking at our U.S. utilities on Slide 9. We are executing on the largest investment program in the history of both AES Indiana and AES Ohio as we work to improve customer reliability and support economic development. This year, we're on track to invest approximately $1.4 billion across the two utilities to support areas such as hardening the distribution network, smart grid, new generation and transmission buildout for data centers. We signed agreements for 2.1 gigawatts of new data centers in AES Ohio's service territory. We are beginning construction on new transmission to serve this load. This summer, we'll be breaking ground on the $500 million transmission investment needed to serve a new Amazon data center in Fayette County. Additionally, last month, we completed the sale of a 30% stake in AES Ohio for $544 million to CDPQ, a global investment partner that also owns 30% of AES Indiana. This partnership helped support capital requirements for their substantial growth programs while also strengthening our balance sheet. Now turning to AES Indiana. We're continuing to invest in new generation to support our customers with affordable and reliable power. In March, we brought online the Pipe County Energy Storage project, which includes 200 megawatts of installed capacity and 800 megawatt hours of dispatchable energy, the largest operational battery project in MISO. We continue to make progress on the Petersburg Energy Center, a 250-megawatt solar and 180 megawatt hour energy storage facility, which we expect to be operational by the end of the year. And in April, we received final regulatory approval for the 170-megawatt cross-buying solar plus storage project, which we expect to bring online in 2027. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andrés, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss our first quarter results, our 2025 full year guidance and our parent capital allocation plan. Turning to Slide 11. Adjusted EBITDA was $591 million in the first quarter versus $640 million a year ago. This decline was anticipated in our guidance and was primarily driven by prior year revenues from the accelerated monetization of the Warrior Run PPA and the sale of our 5-gigawatt AES Brazil business but partially offset by growth in our renewables and utilities businesses. Turning to Slide 12. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.27 versus $0.50 last year and was also in line with our expectations. Drivers include the prior year Warrior Run PPA monetization, the timing of U.S. renewables tax attribute recognition, higher parent interest and the prior year tax benefit associated with our transition to a more U.S.-oriented holding company structure. This was partially offset by higher contributions from our utilities SBU. I'll cover the performance of our SBUs or strategic business units on the next four slides. Beginning with our renewables SBU on Slide 13. Higher EBITDA of approximately 45% year-over-year was driven primarily by contributions from new projects, which includes projects brought online over the prior four quarters. In addition, the renewables segment now includes all of our renewables in Chile which were a part of the energy infrastructure SBU in prior years. This change was offset by the EBITDA impact from the sale of AES Brazil in the fourth quarter of last year. With this quarter's results, we are fully on track to achieve our full year renewables SBU guidance of $890 million to $960 million. Our construction program is proceeding on schedule. Cost savings measures have been implemented and we have already seen hydrological conditions in Colombia normalize year-to-date. In other words, our main segment drivers are greatly derisked, and we're well on our way to achieving 60% renewables growth year-over-year. Turning to Slide 14. Higher adjusted PTC at our utilities SBU was mostly driven by tax attributes from the completion of the Pipe County Energy Storage project, new rates implemented in Indiana in May of last year, demand growth and favorable weather in the U.S. Lower EBITDA at our energy infrastructure SBU primarily reflects prior year revenues recognized from the accelerated monetization of the coal PPA at our Warrior Run plant as well as Chile renewables moving to the renewables segment. Finally, lower EBITDA at our new energy technologies SBU reflects lower contributions from Fluence in the first quarter. Now turning to our guidance beginning on Slide 17. We are reaffirming our 2025 adjusted EBITDA guidance of 2.65 billion to 2.85 billion. We continue to see strong growth in our renewables SBU and expect our utilities businesses to grow approximately 7% this year despite the sell-down of AES Ohio. The cost savings actions we announced on our February call have already been implemented. We expect the 150 million cost savings in 2025 will primarily benefit the second half of the year, and we remain on track to achieve a full run rate of over 300 million of cost savings next year. We are also reaffirming our 2025 adjusted EPS guidance of $2.10 to $2.26. As you can see on Slide 18, we expect growth in the three remaining quarters of this year to be driven by adjusted EBITDA growth in renewables and utilities and monetization of tax attributes on new renewables projects, partially offset by higher interest and a higher adjusted tax rate. Now to our 2025 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 19. Sources reflect approximately 2.7 billion of total discretionary cash, including 1.2 billion of parent free cash flow, which represents more than an 8% increase versus 2024. We also expect 700 million of planned parent debt issuance and closed the 450 million sell-down of a minority interest in our global insurance business earlier this week. Our captive global insurance business is a valuable asset within the AES portfolio that consistently produces attractive cash flow while managing property and business interruption risk within our operating portfolio. This structured transaction allows us to monetize a minority portion of this valuable business to support growth capital for renewables and utilities businesses. With this transaction, we have achieved our entire asset sale target for 2025. On the right-hand side, you can see our planned use of capital. We will return approximately 500 million to shareholders this year, reflecting the 2% dividend increase announced last December. We also plan to invest approximately 1.8 billion toward new growth and have already repaid roughly 400 million of subsidiary debt. With the sell-down of a minority interest in AES Ohio at the beginning of April, we now have CDPQ as a 30% partner in both of our U.S. utilities. This partnership is another example of how we use private capital to help fund growth and reduce parent investment requirements into our subsidiaries. Finally, turning to Slide 20. Our credit metrics are progressing in line with our expectations, benefiting from the actions we've taken since the beginning of this year. With the sell-down of our global insurance business, we have locked in our asset sales proceeds for the year. The sell-down of AES Ohio and subsequent debt paydown enabled S&P's recent one and two-notch upgrades for DPO Inc. and AES Ohio, respectively. We have also refinanced this year's parent debt maturity and have already fully hedged the benchmark on all expected parent financing through 2027. Additionally, we implemented cost efficiencies and resized our development business to generate over 300 million in annual savings by next year. These actions provide us with a fully self-funded plan through 2027. In summary, I am very pleased with our results this quarter, which were fully in line with the guidance we gave in February. We expect significant growth in the year to go that will come from projects that have already been brought online but which are still ramping to their full EBITDA, rate base investments that have already been made and cost reduction actions already implemented. I am confident we will achieve our guidance regardless of changes in the economic environment or changes in policy due to our focus on regulated utilities and long-term contracted generation, which has minimal volume interest rate for foreign currency exposure. I look forward to providing an update on our progress on our second quarter call. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, our long-term contracted business model continues to demonstrate its resilience to tariffs, economic policies and business cycles. Our first quarter results are in line with our expectations, and we are reaffirming our 2025 guidance and long-term growth rate targets. Demand from our core corporate customers remains very strong, and we're seeing no slowdown in the energy needs of hyperscalers in any scenario. As a result of our strategy to be a first mover in creating a domestic supply chain and working with existing suppliers to onshore imported equipment, the tariff exposure on our 11.7-gigawatt backlog is de minimis. Similarly, our construction program of 3.2 gigawatts this year is on track and well advanced. We have completed construction of 643 megawatts and we are 80% complete for the remaining 2.6 gigawatts, including 99% complete on the 1 gigawatt of our Bellefield project, which will be the largest solar plus storage project in the U.S. Our two utilities are among the fastest growing in the country, and we continue to make progress on attracting new data centers to our service territory. And lastly, we have already completed all of our major asset sales and financings for the year, solidifying our commitment to self-funding through our long-term guidance period. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Please go ahead, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning, team. Thank you guys very much. I appreciate the time and the opportunity here. Nicely done on this insurance transaction. Actually, if I can just start off a little bit of housekeeping there. How do you think about that transaction just in terms of the prospective EBITDA impact, just when you think about the financials here? I mean again, innovative idea in how to raise kind of equity indirectly, right, from private capital as you say?
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Julien. I'm going to pass that question to Steve.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, good morning, Julien. The EBITDA impact, expect in the 25 million to 30 million range. So overall, given that we've raised 450 million, we're reinvesting that in returns, 13%, 14%, 15%. It's very accretive for us so very pleased. This was an opportunity that we have seen quite a while ago. It had been part of the universe of potential asset sales. And so we've anticipated for some time, we did include it in our guidance in February. And it's effectively the low-cost equity financing that supports growth while also meeting our credit goal. So very happy to complete this early this year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. Yes. Nicely done, Steve, I got to say. Neat idea. If I can turn more substantively, right, just to clarify your earlier comments. First, just on the tariff exposure, is it principally that you've got a recovery from your suppliers, i.e., they are taking the risk when you guys provide this 0.3% that effectively the risk burden is effectively put on the vast majority of your suppliers versus going back to your customers? I just wanted to clarify that. And then related, just given the 400-and-change megawatts of origination this quarter given the backdrop today, would you say that this is kind of what we should be expecting for this year? Or could you see some sort of more meaningful uptick? I'm just trying to get a sense of what that cadence should be against setting expectations for further down the line?
Andrés Gluski: So I'll have Ricardo answer the first question and then I'll take the second.
Ricardo Falú: Thank you, Julien. I think let me provide a bit of more context on our supply chain. Three years ago, we have made the decision of basically building a reliable and U.S.A. made supply chain. And guided by that sort of decision, we implemented three actions. The first one was that we entered into strategic partnerships with suppliers with manufacturing capacity outside of China. That was the first action. The second action, we were a first mover, as Andrés mentioned, in supporting U.S. manufacturing to secure solar batteries and wind components. And third, to bridge the gap as local manufacturing ramps up, we accelerated the import of all the equipment coming from abroad required to support our backlog through 2027. And as a result of these actions, apart from the small quantity of batteries that Andrés mentioned that these are for a few projects coming online in 2026, we have no impact on tariff for our 2025-2027 backlog. I think with respect to who sort of bear the exposure, these contracts are with a Korean supplier for a very few projects. Of course, this tariff were not in place at the time we signed the contract and what we are doing, the $50 million represent the full exposure to be shared between the parties. And of course, the first action, as Andrés mentioned, is to actively reduce that exposure, which we've been so far very successful and for the remaining impact to share it evenly. So we expect the overall impact to be well below that $50 million that is the total exposure that Andrés mentioned. Other than that contract, we have no exposure to tariffs, yes.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. I'd like to clarify that what we did was we imported all of the equipment, the vast majority of it. So we have all that equipment that we need, for example for 2025 with the exception that we pointed out already in the U.S. and most of it on site. And we have a lot of the equipment for 2026 that's imported as well. So in 2026, we expect to shift over to domestic supply. So when we say that the exposure is de minimis, we really got ahead of this. Now I will remind you this is what we did in 2020 as well. In 2020, we achieved all of our targets and we're the only large developer who did not abandon or a significant delay any large project and we intend to continue that track record. Now getting your question about the cadence of PPA signings. As we've been saying, look, we're concentrating on fewer, larger projects that are also more financially attractive. So the 400 megawatts is not a cadence that you should expect for every quarter. We are in final negotiations of a number of large projects. We expect it, 4 gigawatts roughly, that we have talked about prior to this year, to hit sort of the three year target. We had talked about of 14 to 17 gigawatts. So we remain on track. And we've always said these are lumpy so it's not like we're doing a lot of small projects. We're doing a few large ones and sometimes they happen in a quarter or they happen in the next quarter or they come together. So there's nothing to be read in the 400 megawatts.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent guys. Thank you. I’ll leave it there.
Ricardo Falú : All right. Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please go ahead, Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. And I appreciate all the color. I just wanted to come back to the insurance sale quickly. So I know you kind of disclosed the Class B dividends are like $145 million to $198 million. Is that like a yearly number or is that a cumulative number? And I guess if you hit that call option in 2030 to 2035, what is that strike price? And how should we kind of think of the cost of financing here that you just raised versus, I guess, deploying future CapEx at 13% to 15% returns? Maybe you could just unpack that.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Nick, it's Steve. So those numbers are based on the five year, the first five year target distribution. And so this would be the aggregate amount at that five year call date that needs to get met. And that's very much in line with a fairly conservative case on what this insurance business delivers. Keep in mind, this is a business that is -- it's captive but it has a reinsurance behind it. So we have a very predictable max amount of losses and then the reinsurance kicks in. So this was structured very conservatively that even in the event of max losses, we feel very comfortable servicing this financial structure. In terms of the cost of this, I would think about it as roughly in line with like a junior subordinated debt issuance at the parent. And given that this is getting equity treatment that effectively looks like a low-cost equity financing that is quite accretive. It will have target payments in the range of about $37 million to $40 million per year to the counterparty.
Nick Campanella: Okay, that's helpful. Appreciate that. And I'll try not to butcher it but just the Cochrane buyout that you disclosed in the 10-Q. Can you just give us a sense of what you're purchasing? And how much you paid for it, either on like a multiple basis or cash and just the rationale behind that transaction?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Look, I mean, this is an asset that we already own and operate. We have a minority partner that was looking to exit. So what we're doing is we're buying up the 40% minority and taking nearly complete ownership of the asset. It's very valuable. It's contracted well into the next decade, serving key customers for us in Chile. And the valuation was at a very low multiple so it's quite accretive immediately this year and beyond. So we're pleased with it. It's one of the assets that we had already guided that would be extended beyond 2027. So it's no additional new capacity, just taking advantage of an attractive financial return on owning the entire thing as opposed to just the share that we had.
Nick Campanella: Okay, thank you.
Steve Coughlin: All right. Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead David.
David Arcaro: Hi. Thanks so much. Good morning.
Steve Coughlin: Good morning, David.
David Arcaro: I was wondering on the AGIC sale, just one other follow-up there. You sold a minority stake. I'm just wondering, is there any strategic reason that you want to retain control in the remaining stake there? Or could that be a consideration for future asset sales out in the rest of the program, the financing plans going forward as…?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. No, we want to maintain our control of this asset. And as Steve said, it's -- the financial metrics are very conservative and we're coming in with considerable margin on this. So we do want to maintain it. It's been very successful. We've set this up about 15, 20 years ago. It was an independent business, it's a unicorn. So it's been very successful, lowered our insurance costs and improved the quality of our reinsurers.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. And I was wondering if you could comment on just what you're seeing in terms of latest renewable demand trends. Has there been any pull forward ahead of potential IRA changes here or any just general change in customer demand levels that you're seeing?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, great question. Look, what we are seeing is continued strong demand. We're not seeing any sort of temporal shifts as a result. So our data center customers continued strong demand. I think the key word is time to power. And that's why we mentioned that certainly, for the next five years, the predominance of this is going to be renewables because it's the fastest to power. It's also very cost effective. And so it's more sort of you can combine this with gas, in many cases, to reach the optimal solution. I think there's too much discussion about the technology and not really what the customer wants. So we combine ways of producing energy in a way that satisfies our customers. So look, we're not seeing any pull forward. We are seeing, I would say, some of the contracts that we're signing today that they have provisions for, say, changes in law, changes in tariffs, etcetera, to take that into account. Now for our backlog, as I said before, we have imported the materials or have domestic supply. We have the EPC and we have the financing. So all that's locked in.
David Arcaro: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Please go ahead, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you. Good morning, team. Thanks for giving me time. Steve, congrats on this transaction. Maybe just a little bit more detail. You talked about the cash distributions being conservative. Can you just frame for us the $40 million or so average distributions a year? What is that as a percentage of total cash generated for that business?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, it's roughly around -- depending on the year, 35%, 40% I would say, in terms of this business reliably generates about $100 million of cash, thereabouts, even with typical losses. And that includes some amortization of the instruments so this is self-amortizing over the full 20-year life. It's nothing like these convertible portfolio financings that you've heard about with some other yieldcos that were not amortizing and had a significant economic ownership flip. This doesn't have that kind of change. We have a call right at year five. And otherwise, there's no incentive to have to call it. It continues along the same economics for the full 20-year potential period. So it's priced, as I said, like a junior parent note and gives us access to cheap, what I call, cheap equity capital. And then we can continue to retain this so long as it's -- unless we had a better option down the road that's lower cost. But this one is a good way to monetize an asset that I think is perhaps underappreciated in the value that it generates. It's been in our disclosures around the distributions to the parent from this asset in the past, so you can see that. And this is capital that will be put to work to generate mid-teens returns. So I think it looks quite good.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thank you for that clarity. Accretive transaction there. Just digging on the financing topic, there's been a lot of discussion around transferability. Some legislation recently proposed or is probably doesn't get much traction. But just in terms of thinking about risks, can you talk about like in an event the transferability is eliminated, do you go back to tax equity and perhaps even frame for us what percentage of your plan is being provided by cash financing, is being provided by transferability? Thank you.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, absolutely, Durgesh. So look, first of all, transferability has only been around for a little over two years when the IRA was passed in 2022. It has been very good for the industry as it's opened up a broader participation in the market for monetizing tax value. And it is typically a little bit more efficient in transferring most of the tax benefit savings on to customers, just there's less friction in these types of transactions. But that said, for the IRA, we did tax equity. The majority of what we continue to do is still through tax equity partnerships. And in fact, we continue to form the partnerships anyway because we need to monetize the tax depreciation to maximize the opportunity even when we are doing transfers. So we can continue to do the tax equity partnerships for all of our future projects if this were removed. We don't think it will be because we think it goes with the tax credits in terms of getting the most benefit of the tax credit to the cost of the end consumer of the energy. And then effectively, the cash benefit to AES is the same. So we bridge the tax financing with debt during construction, as I walked through on the February call. And then we immediately, when the tax value comes in, either from the transfer counterparty or from the tax equity partner, we immediately monetize that at the place and service date and pay down a significant portion of the debt, typically more than 50% at that point. So you have a significant deleveraging from this. The fundamental cash and credit profile is really exactly the same. So I think it's been good, a lot more for some smaller developers and to sort of democratize the participation in the market. But as a large-scale developer with deep relationships with sophisticated tax equity partners, we still feel very comfortable that we can monetize all of the tax value that we create with the tax equity venue if needed.
Durgesh Chopra: Thanks, Steve. Appreciate that discussion. Just real quick, sorry, this is my third question I understand and realize. Just the hydrogen project that was canceled in Texas, are we still pursuing other customers for contracted the power generation that I believe it was over 1 gig?
Andrés Gluski: The answer is yes. I mean, that was a very attractive asset of development. It's in -- it's all on private land on 1 farm and it's very well located for the grid and for anything else. So yes, we're continuing to pursue it. It's part of our pipeline, so yes.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you, Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Durgesh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: Hi, good morning.
Steve Coughlin: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Wanted to just ask on where we stand on the longer-term asset sale target. Are you still shooting for that 3.5 billion? Where are we against that? And what else are you looking at for potential sales?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, this is Steve. So no, we -- so with respect to the 3.5 billion, we're at 3.4 billion, so we're right almost there to the finish line on that target. We did talk about getting to 800 million to 1.2 billion on the February call from '25 to '27. So with this sale, and that's not including the Ohio sell-down, which went to paying down debt. This was referring to proceeds up to the parent. With this insurance sell-down, we're halfway, roughly there, close to halfway on that target. What's remaining is we have the -- in terms of proceeds, the Vietnam sale. We have some other asset sales in the thermal portfolio that are on a smaller scale. We have partnerships of operating assets. We've done partnerships with our LNG portfolio. As you've seen, those can and maybe extended. We've done partnerships, sell-downs at attractive low-cost capital of our renewable operating portfolios. So those remain an option. And our technology portfolio. At this point, Fluence is not at a value that we would tap that. It is significantly undervalued, but we do -- we are optimistic down the road that, that's a potential. So we're not counting on that. We do have other assets in that portfolio like Uplight that we've talked about that may be a candidate. So the universe is larger than what's remaining. What's remaining is only roughly 500 million in that target through '27. And so I feel extremely comfortable that we'll be able to execute on that between now and 2027 across the range of things that I mentioned.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. That's helpful. And back to the IRA discussion here. Do you all have any view on kind of when this starts to take shape in the Reconciliation Bill? Feels like things starting to come to a head a little bit. And then also just specifically on transferability, your view on whether a Safe Harbor would cover you on that even in a scenario where that were to go away?
Andrés Gluski: Okay, let's see. I spent some time up in the Hill with key senators and congressmen. What I would say is that I do expect in sort of a first draft to come out of the House and Ways and Means Committee, and that's to start the discussion. So that's certainly, I don't think that's the final point. That was made clear to us. I do think that there is -- what I heard was a very pragmatic approach. One was the importance of, I would say, reliability in a sense that something like -- if you look at Safe Harboring, I think that everybody I spoke to said that, that's a very important component to maintain because that's really the credibility of U.S. laws or, let's say, U.S. programs. So I feel very good about that. I think regarding the IRA, it's a question of -- certainly going to be addressed certain aspects of it. I think that you might have an earlier sunset of it. I would say very likely, actually, that's where the majority of the savings that they would score would come from. But having said all that, I think that at the end, it's going to be quite pragmatic. There are hundreds of thousands of jobs depending on this. A lot of people are going to be going into elections in '26. And you don't want to have a jump in unemployment in rural areas where a lot of this is getting done. And you also have the tax revenues that this is going to generate. So my feeling on this is that we will have something relatively early. That's not the final -- whatever comes out, it's not final. When can reconciliation done? Take it with a huge grain of salt, people think it's before the August recess, that people will want to have this done before they go out of town. So that's more or less the time frame. But I think the discussions were -- that I had, I think, were very encouraging about thinking about what's good for the country and what can realistically be done.
Michael Sullivan: Appreciate that color. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, Richard.
Richard Sunderland: Hi, good morning.
Steve Coughlin: Good morning, Richard.
Richard Sunderland: I just wanted to follow up on transferability one more time. On an agency metric basis, what would be the impact to your FFO without transferability and how do you expect the agencies to treat that?
Steve Coughlin: So the transferability, as I said, Rich, is fundamentally the same cash and credit profile. The difference is the transfer credits do go through operating cash flow. So there's no -- in terms of S&P and Fitch, it really has no impact to their focus on the parent free cash flow, whereas this comes in at the subsidiary level and pays down debt primarily. And so it does get captured in the Moody's metric. So I think we will need to work with Moody's to ensure that this is well understood. I think they do understand it that it's fundamentally no change. The cash comes in when the project is placed in service, whether it comes from a transfer or from a tax equity partner and the debt gets paid down. So I think practically, it has no impact. And if we got to that point, we would, of course, work with Moody's as we have and they've been very constructive in understanding how renewables works, including the adjustments that they made in the last update that they gave. So I don't see it as a negative at all for the credit profile.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. That was very clear. So presumably on a Moody's basis, this would push out the improvement you've called out for '26, but you also expect Moody's to look through the impacts, given what you laid out earlier on the value through tax equities being the same?
Steve Coughlin: I mean, look, I can't speak for Moody's, but look it's very logical and we're talking about geography issue on the cash flow statement. So I have a hard time being that logic won't prevail there, that fundamentally the credit profile is exactly the same.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. And then maybe I'll just follow up with one more. I mean, I think there's been a lot of attention on transferability and maybe some fears out there that this first draft on the IRA could have a lot of negative headlines, then we migrate some more reasonable middle ground. Do you think transferability is something that may come out in that initial draft and then goes back in? Any thoughts on sort of the magnitude of that headline risk initially versus where things might ultimately shake out in your earlier commentary?
Andrés Gluski: No. What I would say is that there are two sort of groups. One is uses of capital and there's one that's sort of be more blunt. I think again, there's going to be a compromise. So I really have no insight in terms of what the initial language can be. But it's clear, bills always come out to start a discussion so it has to come from the house and then it has to be resolved with the senate and you have to have this reconciliation. So I just think that anything that comes out now is the start and it's not the ending point. But I also -- again, from my discussions, I think they were very constructive, very, very positive in general, but I think people understand the issues, which is what's most important. Look, the most important thing is, among other things, we want two things, energy dominance and you want to -- with the AI race. Both of those require a lot of renewable energy, well, actually a lot of energy now. If you think about additional gas plants, if we order a new gas turbine today, the waiting period is between three to five years to say nothing that is not permitted and it's not an interconnection queue. So if you come out with something that was very negative, let's say, to new energy, well, you're forfeiting two of the most important goals of the administration. So that's why I felt that there was clarity in terms of cause and effect and what it's going to take to have energy dominant and what is going to -- it's a question also of time frame. So this is a question that must be resolved in the next four, five years. And we have to be pragmatic what we can get accomplished in that time period. So I feel that, that is understood. So I'm, let's say, reasonably optimistic about where it's going to end up. Who knows the political path or headlines? I can't know. Your guess is as good as mine.
Richard Sunderland: Perfect. Thanks for the time today.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you. Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Hi, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Most of my questions Richard's taken care of in front of me. Just quickly on Ohio, some legislation passed earlier, I think this week, multiyear rate plans, but also maybe removal of OVEC revenues. Just curious the impact for AES Ohio and does it change your plan on rate filings?
Ricardo Falú: Thank you so much. This is Ricardo. So I will start saying that overall the impact of the bill is net positive for us, while on one side eliminates the ESP. It's going to be now replaced by a 3-year forward-looking distribution rate case with annual true-up, which is a more constructive regulatory framework in a growing business such as AES Ohio. In addition, the language clearly states that the current ESP4 features will be extended from August 2026, which was the original expiration date to May of 2027. So, this will give us enough time to have the new rates coming from this 3-year forward-looking framework in place. I think this is very, very constructive. It eliminates regulatory lags, so again, very, very positive for a growing business such as AES Ohio. I think in terms of our timing for filing the distribution rate case, more likely it's going to be by the end of this year. With respect to OVEC, the impact is estimated to be between $0 million and $10 million. Why 0? Because it depends very much on the financial performance of the asset or assets, I should say, because we are talking about 2.3 gigawatt to coal assets that provide capacity to PJM and we are seeing a significant increase in capacity prices where you may recall it were like around $29 and now $270 per megawatt per day. So it's going to be within that sort of range, $0 million to $10 million depending on the financial performance and capacity prices in PJM. And as I said, all-in-all, net positive and I think this regulatory framework with a three-year forward-looking is extremely constructive for AES Ohio.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Ricardo Falú: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. Those are all the questions we have for today and so I'll hand the call back over to Susan Harcourt for closing remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our call and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and a warm welcome to The AES Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Financial Review Call. My name is Emily, and I will be coordinating your call today. After the presentation, you will have the opportunity to ask any questions, which you can do so by pressing star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. I will now hand over to Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations, to begin. Susan, you may begin.
Susan Harcourt: Good morning, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Financial Review Call. Our press release, presentation, and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are disclosed in our most recent 10-Ks and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; Ricardo Fallu, our Chief Operating Officer; and other senior members of our management. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Financial Review Call. Today, I will cover our 2024 accomplishments, the resiliency of our business, and our 2025 guidance and longer-term outlook. Steve Coughlin, our CFO, will provide more details on our financial performance and expectations after my remarks. To say that we are extremely disappointed with our stock price performance is an understatement. Steve and I will address what we believe to be investors' concerns, including policy uncertainties, renewable EBITDA growth, and balance sheet and funding constraints. We will review why renewables are critical to meeting growing demand for electricity, particularly among technology customers, and why our business model is relatively well insulated from and resilient to potential regulatory changes. Even with our resilient position, we are taking immediate steps to strengthen our financial position and outlook. These steps include reducing our parent investment in renewables by focusing on the highest risk-adjusted return projects, improving organizational efficiency, and continuing to operate some of our energy infrastructure assets. As a result of these actions, we expect to improve our credit metrics over time while eliminating the need for issuing new equity during the forecast period and maintaining our dividend. Turning to slide four, we signed 4.4 gigawatts of new power purchase agreements for renewables last year. Our performance in 2024 puts us on track to achieve our goal of signing 14 to 17 gigawatts of new PPAs through 2025. We are prioritizing signing those contracts with the best risk-adjusted returns rather than just maximizing growth in gigawatts. In 2024, we also completed the construction or acquisition of 3 gigawatts of renewables and a 670-megawatt combined cycle gas plant in Panama, greatly increasing the utilization of our existing LNG terminal in that country. Our best-in-class record of on-time and on-budget delivery of renewable projects is something that our customers value highly and is one of our competitive advantages. Lastly, I should note that in 2024, we received approval from the Indiana Regulatory Commission for new base rates and an ROE of 9.9%, supporting an investment program that will improve reliability for our customers and support local economic development. Now moving to our financial results. In 2024, we achieved adjusted EBITDA of $2.64 billion, which is in the lower half of our guidance range as a result of extreme one-time weather-related events in Colombia and Brazil, with both businesses down a combined $200 million year on year. Nonetheless, we generated parent free cash flow of $1.1 billion, which is at the midpoint of our guidance. We earned a record adjusted EPS of $2.14, which is materially above our guidance range and puts us well on track to achieve our annualized growth target of 7% to 9% from 2020 to 2025. Moving to our renewables business on slide five, 2025 will be an inflection point as we begin to realize the financial benefits from the maturing of our renewable business, including the addition of 6.6 gigawatts we inaugurated in 2023 and 2024. We are able to achieve increasing economies of scale that reduce our overhead per megawatt, as we now have 16.2 gigawatts of renewables online versus 5.9 gigawatts in 2018, excluding Brazil. At the same time, our development business is becoming more efficient. We are now harvesting the investments we made in creating our pipeline. Furthermore, as profitability of each megawatt of new PPA signed has substantially increased, we do not need to bring online as many new projects to achieve the same level of financial growth. This strategy allows us to focus on the most profitable new projects while reducing costs and capital requirements. As I will shortly discuss, there is a time lag between renewables development expenditures, which flow through the P&L, and growth in EBITDA. Creating a pipeline of potential projects requires expenditures on development activities such as scouting for prospects, negotiating land purchases or leases, measuring the wind or sun resource, and finally, obtaining permits. As our renewables are in a more mature state, our financials will start to reflect the true profitability of the business as new projects coming online cover the cost of early-stage projects. As the business grows, stewardship, including administrative and back-office activities, will get allocated over a larger operating base. This inflection in our life cycle starting in 2025 will strengthen our credit metrics as we achieve a higher ratio of projects online selling energy versus spending on pipeline and projects under construction. With this background, let me turn to our financial expectations for our renewables business. In 2025, we expect over 60% year-over-year growth in our renewables EBITDA, which Steve will discuss in more detail. Previous growth in our US renewables portfolio drives the majority of our expected EBITDA growth. In 2025, another 3.2 gigawatts of renewable capacity we expect to bring online will contribute to strong EBITDA growth in 2026 and beyond. These numbers also reflect the maturing of our US renewable business as we harvest the investments we made to create our 50-gigawatt US pipeline. Finally, I should note that our 2025 renewable segment guidance incorporates some changes in segment makeup, including the sale of 5.2 gigawatts in Brazil last year and the addition of 2.5 gigawatts in Chile. As the business has evolved, these Chilean renewable assets have now been moved from the energy infrastructure SBU to the renewables SBU. The sale of Brazil is an important de-risking of our portfolio as we have eliminated a significant portion of our hydrology, currency, spot price, and floating interest rate risk exposures. Turning to slide six and the renewables market and our business, last year, the US added 49 gigawatts of new capacity with renewables, battery storage, representing 92% of those additions. In 2025, the US is expected to add 63 gigawatts, 93% of which are solar, storage, and wind. While we will likely see a surge for new gas capacity over the next decade, delayed delivery of new gas turbine averages three to four years, without taking into account new permitting requirements or building new gas pipelines. While a few decommissioned nuclear units are expected to be brought online in the next five years, a material contribution in new capacity from small nuclear reactors or advanced design nuclear plants is unlikely to occur for at least another decade. Taking all this into consideration, renewables have the shortest time to power and much greater price certainty. Therefore, there is no doubt that the increased demand for electricity over the next decade, coming from data centers and advanced manufacturing, will continue to require vast amounts of renewable energy and batteries. Moving to slide seven, over the past five years, we have endeavored to make our business resilient to potential policy changes. First, we have taken a lead in onshoring our supply chain to the US, which limits our exposure to new tariffs. We now have essentially all of our solar panels, trackers, and batteries either in-country or contracted to be domestically produced for our US projects coming online through 2027. Second, of the 8.4 gigawatts of signed contracts we have in the US, more than half are under construction, and nearly all have significant safe harbor protections, which will grandfather them under the existing tax policy. Third, about 3 gigawatts, or 30% of our backlog of signed PPAs, are in US dollars but in international markets, primarily Chile, which are unaffected by US policy changes. I should note that in our international markets, renewables can be even more profitable and most often the cheapest form of dispatchable energy, even in a regime without meaningful subsidies. Lastly, the vast majority of AES' customer base are corporations whose demand for new renewables continues to increase at a rapid pace. In fact, in 2024, approximately 70% of the PPAs we signed were with large corporations. And notably, we have once again been designated by BNEF as the largest provider of clean energy to corporations in the world. Even in the very unlikely scenario where tax credits for renewables are eliminated prospectively in their entirety, we believe that there will be continued strong demand from our corporate clients, especially data centers, because there are no realistic alternatives for many years. Without timely access to power, there can be no AI revolution. Obviously, the price of new PPAs in a future without tax incentives would increase, and the profile of earnings and cash flow would change. This will look a lot like our projects in Chile. However, in any case, what ultimately matters to AES is our returns and cash flow per dollar invested. Now let me turn to our utilities business on slide eight. AES Indiana and AES Ohio are executing on a multiyear investment program to improve customer reliability and support economic development. In 2024, we invested $1.6 billion, leading to a rate base growth of 20%. This investment program includes growth and modernization programs at both of our utilities and a plan to transition our aging coal generation in Indiana. Our investment plans are driven by our customers, and our top priority is to support local communities with reliable, resilient, and affordable power. We have among the lowest residential rates in both states, which we expect to maintain even as we grow our rate base. Turning to slide nine, across our two utilities, we have growth riders or trackers, which shield near real-time returns on our investments. More than 70% of the investment program is recovered through formula rates or existing riders, such as the TDSIC program at AES Indiana, with the FERC formula rates that support transmission investment at AES Ohio. All of this, combined with signed agreements for over 2 gigawatts of new data center demand, make AES Indiana and AES Ohio among the fastest-growing and modernizing utilities in the nation. From 2023 to 2027, we expect annualized growth in a rate base of at least 11% across the two utilities. This plan will support credit improvement at DPL Inc., which we expect to achieve investment-grade metrics by 2026. Now turning to slide ten, our energy infrastructure business provides a substantial and steady base of earnings and cash flow that support our credit ratings and help fund our dividends and new growth. We remain committed to an all-of-the-above strategy, which includes an important role for gas in our businesses and customer offerings. During the fourth quarter, we completed the construction of a new 670-megawatt fully contracted in dollars CCGT in Panama, which will result in much greater utilization of our existing LNG regasification in the country. In addition, we are delaying the closure or sale of a few of our coal plants as a result of increased demand in those markets. These assets are largely depreciated yet contribute meaningful EBITDA and cash flow. We still remain committed, nonetheless, to a full exit from coal generation and will continue to rapidly lower our carbon intensity and minimize carbon emissions from our generation fleet. Now moving to our financial outlook on slide eleven. Today, we are initiating our 2025 guidance, including adjusted EBITDA of $2.65 to $2.85 billion, parent free cash flow of $1.15 to $1.25 billion, and adjusted EPS of $2.10 to $2.26. We are also reaffirming all of our long-term growth rates, including 5% to 7% adjusted EBITDA growth through 2027. As we grow, we are also improving our business mix as we see a significant increase in adjusted EBITDA from renewables and US utilities. Now turning to our balance sheet and plans to improve our credit ratios through and beyond our guidance period on slide twelve. We are firmly committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings as well as our dividend. As a result, we are taking several actions to improve cash flow and reduce parent equity requirements while ensuring that our capital plan will be totally self-funded. I should note that these efforts are ongoing, and we will continue to evaluate measures to strengthen our financial position on top of what is already included in our guidance. First, we have resized our development program and organization to focus on executing on our backlog and pursuing fewer but larger projects to better serve our core customers. This strategy allows us to increase our returns on our available capital by selecting the most attractive projects. Given the strength of our 50-gigawatt US pipeline, we also expect to execute more development transfer agreements, enabling us to monetize a portion of our renewables pipeline without requiring significant AES equity. As a result of all of these actions, we have reduced our parent investments in the renewables business by $1.3 billion from now through 2027 and eliminated the need for equity. Second, we are streamlining our organization ahead of what was originally planned. Our business is significantly simpler today than it was ten years ago. As we now operate in fewer countries, our portfolio consists of more than 50% renewables, and our growth is primarily concentrated in the US. In 2025, after the execution of this restructuring, we will realize approximately $150 million in cost savings, ramping up to over $300 million in 2026 as we achieve a full-year run rate. Third, as I previously mentioned, we will retain a few of our coal assets beyond 2027 to support our financial metrics and fund new projects. Taken together, these actions enable an even stronger AES with a clear path to achieve our 2025 and long-term financial commitments and strengthen our credit metrics. In summary, we have a resilient strategy to deliver on our financial commitments regardless of regulatory outcomes. We have continued to de-risk our business by exiting Brazil, locking in and onshoring our equipment, and moving our supply chain to the US. As I mentioned earlier, 2025 is an inflection point for the financial results of our US renewable business as we begin to harvest many years of work and investment. Demand from our core corporate clients remains strong and growing, and we are taking all steps to increase our efficiency and profitability. We are confident in the underlying value of our business, and we are committed to strengthening our balance sheet while capitalizing on our unique competitive advantages. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss our 2024 results and capital allocation, our 2025 guidance, and our updated expectations through 2027. Turning to slide fourteen, full-year 2024 adjusted EBITDA was $2.64 billion versus $2.8 billion in 2023, driven primarily by record-breaking drought conditions in South America, several forced outages, and asset sales but partially offset by contributions from new renewables projects. Turning to slide fifteen, adjusted EPS was $2.14 in 2024 versus $1.76 in 2023. Drivers were similar to those for adjusted EBITDA but also include significantly higher tax attributes on new renewables commissionings and a lower adjusted tax rate. This tax benefit was associated with our transition to a simpler, more US-oriented holding company structure better aligned with our growth. This is partially offset by a $0.07 headwind from parent interest on higher debt balances, primarily used to fund new renewables projects. I will cover our results in more detail over the next four slides, beginning with the Renewable Strategic Business Unit or SBU on slide sixteen. Lower adjusted EBITDA at the renewables SBU was primarily driven by historic weather volatility in South America. In the second quarter, an unprecedented flood forced an outage at our Chivor facility for nearly two months, which was then followed by a record-breaking drought across the country. Brazil was also impacted by a lengthy drought and extremely low wind resource, and the sale closing in the fourth quarter reduced EBITDA on a year-over-year basis. These negative drivers were partially offset by contributions from new projects that came online primarily in the US. At our utilities SBU, higher adjusted PTC was primarily driven by rate-based investment in the US, new rates at AES Indiana, and improved weather but partially offset by the 2023 recovery of purchased power costs at AES Ohio included as part of the ESP4 settlement as well as higher interest expense from new borrowings. Lower adjusted EBITDA at our energy infrastructure reflects an outage in Mexico, lower margins at Southland, and sell-downs in Panama and the Dominican Republic. Finally, at our new energy technologies SBU, higher adjusted EBITDA reflects improved results at Fluence. Now let's turn to how we allocated our capital last year on slide twenty. Beginning on the left-hand side, sources reflect $3.1 billion of total discretionary cash. This includes parent free cash flow of just over $1.1 billion, increased more than 10% from the prior year. We distributed nearly $600 million of asset sales proceeds to the ASP. Alright. And we issued $1.4 billion of hybrid parent debt. Moving to uses on the right-hand side, we invested approximately $1.9 billion in growth at our subsidiaries, of which more than 80% was allocated toward our renewables and utilities businesses. We also repaid roughly $180 million of subsidiary debt and allocated $500 million of discretionary cash to our dividend. In addition, we used a portion of December hybrid issuance proceeds to repay parent debt and have ended the year with a significant cash balance that will go toward executing on our backlog in 2025. Turning to our guidance and expectations beginning on slide twenty-one. Today, we are initiating 2025 adjusted EBITDA guidance of $2.65 billion to $2.85 billion, in which growth in our core businesses is offsetting a number of one-time year-over-year headwinds. Our guidance includes more than $300 million of growth at our Renewables and Utilities SBUs. This is partially offset by the sale of AES Brazil, the pending 30% sale of AES Ohio, as well as approximately $200 million from a reduction in Southland margins related to declining power prices in California, and the retirement of our Warrior Run coal plant in energy infrastructure where we recognized revenues in the first half of 2024 related to the monetization of the PPA. The timing of these 2024 items combined with the seasonality of our renewables growth will result in our first-half EBITDA being lower on a year-over-year basis, while the second half will be significantly higher. In addition to these drivers, we also expect to realize $150 million of cost savings in 2025 across all businesses from the actions we are taking that Andres outlined. Looking beyond this year, these savings, which increase to a run rate of over $300 million in 2026, combined with continued growth in renewables and utilities, will accelerate the growth trajectory of AES. As a result, we now expect a much higher low teens EBITDA growth rate in 2026 versus 2025. In addition, we expect to recognize $1.4 billion of tax attributes in 2025. This represents an increase of nearly $100 million driven by more projects coming online in the US. In total, we expect to achieve $3.95 to $4.35 billion of adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes in 2025. Turning to slide twenty-two, I will now provide some additional color on our renewables as SBU adjusted EBITDA, which we expect to increase significantly year over year in 2025. This growth includes more than $150 million from new projects, much of which relates to the 6.6 gigawatts of new capacity we placed in service in late 2023 and throughout 2024. These projects are already online and operating and will now contribute a full year of EBITDA in 2025. The sale of AES Brazil in the fourth quarter of last year will serve as a $100 million headwind year over year but is more than offset by the resegmenting and growth of our renewables business, which is forecasted to be close to $190 million in 2025. The last two drivers are the normalization of Colombia results after the second quarter flood-driven outage and historic drought conditions in 2024, and the impact of resizing our development business as Andres previously discussed. Turning to slide twenty-three, we are initiating 2025 adjusted EPS guidance of $2.10 to $2.26, and we expect to achieve the upper half of the 7% to 9% long-term growth target initiated in 2021. Drivers are similar to adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes but will be offset by higher parent interest and a higher adjusted tax rate. As a reminder, our results have historically been somewhat seasonally weighted toward the second half of the year, and this year is no exception. Now turning to our 2025 parent capital allocation plan on slide twenty-four. Beginning with approximately $2.7 billion of sources on the left-hand side, parent free cash flow for 2025 is expected to be around $1.15 to $1.25 billion. We expect to generate $400 million to $500 million of net asset sale proceeds this year and issue an additional $700 million of net new parent debt. For the uses on the right-hand side, we plan to invest approximately $1.8 billion in new growth, of which more than 85% will be in the US. We also plan to repay roughly $400 million of subsidiary debt and allocate more than $500 million to our shareholder dividend, which reflects the previously announced 2% increase. Turning to slide twenty-five and our long-term expectation, we expect tremendous growth at our renewables SBU, with an average annual CAGR of 19% to 21% expected from our 2023 guidance midpoint. This will be primarily driven by 6.6 gigawatts of new projects already placed in service, along with roughly $700 million of new EBITDA from bringing the majority of our 11.9 gigawatt backlog online. Also included is the addition of Chile Renewables, offset by the sale of AES Brazil, neither of which were contemplated in our 2023 SBU guidance ranges. For our utilities SBU, we expect annualized growth of 13% to 15% through 2027, reflecting upside from new data center development in our service territories that could serve as an even greater tailwind beyond 2027. This growth is largely covered by trackers and will be critical to improving service quality and reliability for our customers. Our utilities plan also incorporates the 30% sell-down of AES Ohio, which we expect to close in the first half of this year. This will reduce adjusted EBITDA in the near term but allows us to fully capture the data center opportunity in the long term and maximize shareholder value. In our energy infrastructure SBU, we now expect EBITDA contributions will decline at a slower rate than in our prior guidance, as we plan to operate a few coal plants beyond our previously planned 2027 exit, improving earnings and cash flow. Now to slide twenty-six. Bringing it all together, I am pleased to reaffirm our long-term adjusted EBITDA growth target of 5% to 7% and our long-term parent free cash flow growth target of 6% to 8% through 2027. This growth is largely locked in through signed PPAs for our backlog projects and approved or tracked rate-based investment at our utilities. Turning to slide twenty-seven, in our long-term capital plan, total sources of $6 billion will be funded primarily with parent free cash of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion, reflecting average annual growth of 6% to 8% off our 2023 guidance midpoint. We also expect to issue $900 million to $1 billion of net new parent debt and realize $800 million to $1.2 billion of proceeds from asset sales. It is important to note here that we have fully removed any need for equity issuance throughout our guidance period. On the right-hand side, parent investment of approximately $4 billion reflects our reduced investment in renewables. We also plan to repay $600 million of subsidiary debt. We expect to allocate another $1.6 billion of cash to our dividend, which we are fully committed to maintaining at its current level. However, given our efforts to minimize parent cash needs and the already highly active yield, we do not expect to grow the dividend during our plan period. Our long-term guidance includes the impact of the actions we are taking to simplify our operations, reduce spending on development, and further increase our cash flow and strengthen our credit metrics. These include reducing our planned renewables investments by $1.3 billion, implementing a restructuring program to generate over $300 million of run-rate cost savings by 2026, and continuing to operate select coal assets with earnings and cash potential beyond 2027. These actions demonstrate our commitment to our financial targets as well as our investment-grade credit ratings. I want to briefly make a few points about our capital structure and financing model. While we see an uptick in our total debt levels by the end of 2027, which should be looked at on an ownership-adjusted basis, our actions to reduce costs and focus our development efforts on higher-returning projects will increase cash flows and improve our credit metrics. This eliminates any need for new equity and gives us more flexibility on timing to execute asset sales and sell-downs. Approximately 20% of our debt is related to projects still under construction that are not yet yielding EBITDA or cash, and more than half of this amount will be permanently taken out by monetizing tax attributes when projects are placed in service, leading to a significantly lower level of long-term project debt. Given that we carry this construction debt, it is relevant to consider a pro forma view of the annual EBITDA and cash generation that will recur once construction is complete. To be specific, the projects that come online during 2027 or are still in construction at the end of 2027 will generate an additional $400 million of annual adjusted EBITDA that is not reflected in our 2027 guidance window. Beyond construction, our projects are financed with long-term non-recourse debt that fully amortizes using project-level cash flows over the life of the PPA. This project debt is non-recourse to the AES parent, resulting in a capital structure that is robust and low risk. Turning to slide twenty-eight, this chart provides an example of the typical debt and EBITDA levels we would expect over the life of a US renewables project. While a new project is under construction, debt ramps up with no corresponding EBITDA. Once the project is placed in service, there is a material reduction in the debt balance as more than half of the construction debt is repaid through the monetization of tax attributes. The remainder is refinanced using long-term fixed-rate amortizing project debt that is pre-hedged when the PPA is signed. In the first full year of operations, leverage ratios begin at approximately six times debt to EBITDA and will continue to decline each year as the project debt amortizes. This example helps demonstrate how AES leverage ratios appear artificially high while we execute on our ongoing construction program but will come back down as our operating portfolio reaches a larger scale. In conclusion, 2025 is an inflection point for our business. The renewable segment will increase over 60% in 2025 and will yield annual growth at least in line with our 19% to 21% guidance through 2027. Utilities rate-based growth is even stronger than previously expected, while energy infrastructure continues to contribute meaningfully to EBITDA and cash. We have taken actions to streamline our organization and reduce both costs and capital investments. These actions are further increasing our cash flows and will enable AES to deliver increasingly higher credit metrics as we execute on our backlog. Finally, we are on track to achieve our long-term financial guidance. I look forward to providing updates throughout the year as we continue executing on our plan and capitalizing on the actions we have taken to ensure continued success at AES. With that, I will turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In conclusion, here are the key points we want to leave with you today. There is an unprecedented need for incremental energy to power the AI revolution in the United States. Notwithstanding concerns about potential regulatory changes under the new administration, renewables have the best time to market at a competitive price. Additionally, we are well insulated from potential changes in US renewables policy or tariffs through safe harbor protections for our backlog, having locked in equipment and EPC pricing, and established domestically based supply chains. Our renewables business is at an inflection point with improving financial results from the combination of continued growth, reaching economies of scale, and reductions in development expenses. We are reaffirming our longer-term growth rates through 2027 as we execute on our 11.9 gigawatt backlog. And we are taking steps to improve our credit metrics. As always, we are highly focused on delivering the highest risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders, and we believe that AES is very well positioned to meet both our customers' energy demands as well as our financial commitments. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. You can press star followed by two to withdraw yourself from the queue. Our first question comes from Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Nick, please go ahead.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. Good morning. So just on the cost savings, you know, you have $150 million, ramping to $300 million over time. I heard you, Steve, say that these are run rates. So I assume these are ongoing and not one-time in nature. Just recognize you had about $52 million in the bridge for renewables. So is the bulk of this coming from the parent, does it happen naturally as you sell down more in the energy infrastructure business? And maybe you can kind of just expand on your confidence level in achieving these reductions and where you see a bulk of these happening in the portfolio. Thanks.
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. Hi, Nick. It's Steve. So the cost savings are spread across the portfolio and definitely include the renewables business as well. It is a run rate when we hit over $300 million next year. So these are not one-time. And I would emphasize that we've already taken these actions. So this is something that we're very confident in because we've already made the decisions and taken the actions that we need to take to achieve cost savings. So the renewables number that you see for 2025 in that bridge, that will also ramp up in line with, you know, the $150 million going to $300 million. I would expect that proportion to remain roughly the same.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. Okay. And then, you know, just on the comments you're cutting CapEx, but you're still hitting the growth target of 5% to 7% long-term EBITDA. So yeah. You previously talked about a 12% to 15% IRR on renewables. What's the IRR of these higher quality projects that you're now targeting? And is the cost cuts just making up for the rest of that delta? Just tying out to the long-term guidance? Thank you.
Andres Gluski: Sure. Look. We're taking an integrated approach. So yes, we see strong demand in the markets. We see that we have very attractive projects so that our IRRs are going up, you know, on average. But at the same time, we're also reducing those costs not directly associated with the project. So it's really coming from both sides. So it's an integrated approach. So what we're doing is and then, you know, we quite frankly have said this to some extent in the past. It's not just the number of gigawatts. It's the returns we get, for example, EBITDA created by each investment dollar. So that's really what we're focusing on. So, you know, it will mean fewer projects, but larger projects, and at the end, more profitable projects.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. Thank you. Our next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, David.
David Arcaro: Okay. Thanks. Good morning. On the let's see. Looking at that, it seems like you're pulling back somewhat on the renewable CapEx in the forecast. Wondering from a high-level kind of strategic perspective, Andres, do you see this as a kind of a pause in, I guess, in the renewables growth or just a bit of a pullback in making those investments into the renewables business just given the current environment? You know, and over time, would you expect to reassess and potentially reaccelerate to the extent, you know, financing becomes easier to backdrop becomes more favorable.
Andres Gluski: Yeah. That's a great question. Look, we are focusing on executing on our 12-gigawatt pipeline, which 85% of that will be online by 2027. So that's our number one focus. As we mentioned in our script, we've been spending a lot, which flows through, you know, P&L is building that 50-gigawatt pipeline in the states and 10-gigawatt pipeline outside. So really what we're doing is harvesting that pipeline. You know, we don't want to grow it to 100 gigawatts. So we've done that work. We're going to harvest it. So, basically, we're spending less, if you will, on, you know, future projects with a time horizon of five to seven years because we've done that work. Now in terms of, you know, total growth rate, what we're saying is we're going to be building less gigawatts, for sure, but we're going to maintain our financial results. So that's the sort of picture. Now again, what we see is strong demand from our clients. But, you know, we're very happy to, you know, this year, we'll be commissioning around 3 gigawatts of new projects. Next year, that would step up to 4 gigawatts. So you're seeing we're signing around, you know, four plus per year. So, eventually, the amount that we commission and the amount that we build have to, you know, roughly come in line.
David Arcaro: Yep. Got it. Great. Thanks for that extra detail. And then I guess, looking at the overall profile of the businesses and your asset sales target now. I guess it seems like you're increasing the asset sales target overall, but you're keeping coal in the plan for a bit longer than originally planned. Could you maybe talk about what the profile is of the assets that you might be looking at in the asset sales target now? What could be represented in there?
Steve Coughlin: Sure. Hey. Hey, David. So, you know, similar to what we have talked about in the past, you know, it does still include some coal exit. It does still include some monetization of our technology portfolio. But we have, you know, always said that the universe is greater than the $3.5 billion. We've actually taken a little bit more conservative view on what we intend to execute here. So we're really confident in the number between 2025 and 2027. And, you know, we have looked at the sell-downs as well. So this number includes some of the partnerships that we do. But what I would say is this capital plan, you know, relies less on these asset sales than in the past. And, you know, we have over time baked in more flexibility to execute the sales.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. Makes sense. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. Thanks for giving me time. Alright. Just wanted to double click on cost savings. $300 million annual target, you know, it's pretty substantial when I look at your EBITDA number, roughly 10%. Maybe just can you give us some examples of what cost reductions are these? Are these personnel reductions? Are these process improvements? Just so we can get a little bit more comfort around your target level of cost reduction, please?
Andres Gluski: Sure, Durgesh. Great question. With me is Ricardo Fallu, our Chief Operating Officer, who's been leading a lot of the reorganization restructuring efforts. So I'll let him answer that question.
Ricardo Fallu: Thank you, and good morning. So AES' cost reduction program includes, as Andres and Steve mentioned, first, the resizing of our development program to focus it on executing on our backlog as well as pursuing fewer but larger projects. And as a result, we sized the team. We also materially cut the new site's origination as well as early-stage project costs. And on top of that, we reduced a 10% reduction in our workforce, which includes the elimination of certain management layers as well as a much leaner organization, both at corporate and business levels. This is something that we plan to course more gradually through 2027. However, in response to the current market conditions, we decided to accelerate, and this organization now is aligned to the much simpler portfolio that Andres mentioned.
Andres Gluski: Yeah. Because I'd like to mention that these actions have been taken. So Steve also mentioned that these are done. And also the decisions in terms of losing the amount of capital we put into the renewables business. So, you know, there is very little execution risk on it because it's done.
Durgesh Chopra: That's very helpful color. And I could sense the confidence you have in executing on these cost reductions. Okay. Thank you. And then my final question, Steve, just maybe can you help us with where you landed on a federal debt basis and referring to sort of on a Moody's adjusted basis for 2024 relative to your credit downgrade thresholds. Thank you.
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. Absolutely, Durgesh. So on the recourse metric, so at the parent level, we ended at 22%. So, you know, it's a significant cushion above the 20% threshold. On the Moody's metric, we ended on our calculations at 10%, which is right in line with where we expected to be. In both cases, these metrics will improve over time. At this point, with this updated plan where we focus very closely on improving our credit metrics, we do expect to get into the mid-twenties on the recourse metrics by the end of the guidance period. And in 2026, in line with what we've been discussing with Moody's, we expect to be at or above the 12% threshold. I feel really good about the actions that we've taken and what we're doing to increase our cash and EBITDA. Net debt to EBITDA ratios will improve over time as well. The other thing I would point out is, as I said in my prepared remarks, we do carry about $4 to $5 billion of construction debt on our balance sheet at any one time. It is not yet yielding. And so, you know, our leverage ratios look artificially high at any one point in time as a result. And so these ratios, when adjusted for that, for example, on a net debt to EBITDA, comes down one to one and a half times just by adjusting for that construction debt. But as I looked at the ratios, or I mentioned the ratios, those are based on the actual way that they get calculated, you know, without this adjustment. But I do think it's important in understanding our leverage profile. You know, it's very important to look at this ownership-adjusted debt level because the EBITDA, of course, is ownership-adjusted. And to understand that the leverage profile continues to improve over time as the operating portfolio gets bigger and bigger relative to the construction.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Very helpful color, Steve, and appreciate the added disclosure in slides explaining the debt to EBITDA over time. Thank you.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Durgesh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, Steve. Thank you guys very much. I appreciate it. Maybe just to follow up on that last one, just following on the subject. Can you just elaborate, I mean, to what extent have you gotten in front of Moody's with this plan? And just if you could elaborate a little bit on how you're thinking through 2027 on that evolution of those metrics and that's the icing given the backdrop of Moody's care.
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. Sure. Good morning, Julien. So we have, you know, discussed that we were working with Moody's last year where this was headed. What I would say is it looks right on track. In fact, even a little bit better. Given the actions that we've taken, effectively, you know, what's happening is, you know, our cash flow and EBITDA is increasing substantially through the plan period. And, you know, that's a result of bringing on substantial amounts of operating since we have, you know, 12 gigawatts in our backlog, most of which will be coming online through 2027. And then on top of that, we are reducing, as Andres and Ricardo discussed, our development spending is down based on our updated strategy of pursuing larger but fewer projects. We're putting less money into early-stage prospecting and more maturing the pipeline that we have. And then our administrative spending is down substantially as well. And that's also as a result of what was mentioned about our simplification of our portfolio and the reduction of management layers and efficiencies that result from these actions that we have already taken. So together with this cash flow increase from operations, the reduction in cost, the ratios continue to look very healthy, in line to better than our prior expectations.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thanks, Steven. Maybe just to keep going with that a little bit further. Just given the reduction of $1.3 billion here, just on balance, are you actually selling down stakes in more renewables in order to reduce that need for contributions? Or is the aggregate level of renewable investment per year slowing down here? I just want to make sure we're clear. You've talked about backlog and executing at this. Just want to understand, like, how you think about, like, renewables per year install. Evolving through the period now given the update as well as what level of contribution from coal, not what assets, but just what level of cash or EBITDA, however you want to talk about it, from coal are you anticipating, you know, in 2026 and 2027 beyond now as well?
Andres Gluski: Okay. Let's sort of break that. I think there's several questions there. So on the first one, again, through 2027, we're basically executing on our backlog. And look, we're seeing very strong demand from our clients. Since our last call, we signed 450 megawatts with tech customers. So we see no downturn in demand. So basically, what we see is, you know, there's no cliff in 2027. I mean, our demand continues to grow. Second, maybe an easy way of thinking would Steve had described is, if you have a pool, say roughly $4 to $5 billion in construction debt, and you are basically carrying that over 16 gigawatts, and then you go up to 25, 30 gigawatts, you know, that your credit metrics improve. Even though that debt is really sort of short-term rotating because half of it's going to be paid back upon completion. That's number one. So then number two, talking about how much the coal is going to contribute, sort of post-2027. I'll pass that to Ricardo.
Ricardo Fallu: Thank you, Andres. Good morning, Julien. So just to put it into perspective, the keeping or retaining a few coal assets, half or less than half of what we currently have, will be less than 8% of the expected capacity by the end of 2027. These assets continue to provide critical capacity to the grid and also to our customers, and therefore they continue contributing, I would say, you know, to the financial health of the company. We're clearly not abandoning our intention to exit coal, but it will take longer than we previously expected.
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. And I would also add here, Julien, that these are also assets that as they're more mature, their debt is amortized, but they're also very accretive in terms of our credit metrics.
Andres Gluski: And lastly, to say, you know, we're doing this because in those markets, because of the sort of supply-demand balance, they need to keep these plants online. So, you know, it all comes together. It's good for our financials, but it's also giving the market what the market is asking for.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Bottom line, though, you're seeing a down so you're seeing a leveling off in renewable the cadence just per annum. Just to come back to that backlog comment? I'm just trying to understand at the end of the day, like, how you see it?
Andres Gluski: Yes. I would put it this way. You know, post-2027, what we see is less growth in the number of megawatts than our original plans. I mean, that's clear. Because we're spending less on creating a pipeline of potential projects five to seven years out. So, yes, the answer is yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for the update. Good morning.
Steve Coughlin: Morning.
Michael Sullivan: Yeah. Hey, guys. Why don't I just pick up on the last question around just the coal contribution? I think Ricardo, you're giving it on a capacity basis. Any chance we can get that on an EBITDA basis? Just trying to think about when you had the Analyst Day, you said coal was like a $750 million roll-off. What does that look like now through 2027?
Steve Coughlin: Since I'm the financial numbers guy, Steve, I'll take that one. Michael. So we had guided, as you said, about $750 million that would be eliminated. I would say, you know, we're looking at, you know, roughly a third of that that may continue, you know, beyond 2027 for a period of time.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That's very helpful. And then on just interest rates. I think you have a couple of parent maturities coming up. Should we think of those as derisked from a sensitivity standpoint, or what are you embedding there in terms of refi or anything like that?
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. So we did do a hybrid at the end of last year, $500 million, which starts us well into this year. And then we will be in the market to refi. So we have a maturity here in July and one in January. So we will be in the market, I would say, relatively soon. We typically refi, you know, somewhere between three to six months in advance of these maturities, and our plans will be similar this year.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And then last one, I yeah. I definitely can appreciate the sort of ramp of things here. The 5% to 7% EBITDA CAGR, can you get in that range in 2026 off of 2023, or are we really looking to 2027 to really get in there?
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. No. So definitely in 2026, and actually, let me add one other thing to your prior question is that on those refis, by the way, we are nearly fully hedged, so we don't carry any interest exposure, further interest exposure on those refis. And then with respect to 2026, if that's a significant benefit from this action plan, you know, we did contemplate simplification of the portfolio and cost reduction in the past over time. But what we have really done here is we've accelerated this, and so 2026 is going to be a year of significant growth in our EBITDA. And I think I mentioned in my comments in the low teens, and we expect another significant year of growth in 2027. So we will, you know, jump ourselves up onto at least that trend line next year. This year in 2025, the guidance isn't as exciting simply because we had some of the, you know, remaining transformation here around the Brazil exit. We had the Warrior Run benefit last year. And so, you know, some of these items, you know, depressed the year over year. But the reality is where the core business is growing is contributing more than $300 million this year. There's just those offsets going forward. The energy infrastructure SBU, we've largely absorbed most of the decline as of 2025, and so we won't see as significant of an offset from energy infrastructure going forward, and therefore, sort of that growth is unleashed from the core businesses to truly drop all the way into the total bottom line, and therefore, we have higher growth rates beyond this year.
Andres Gluski: You know, one thing I'd like to mention is, you know, we're talking about the quantitative results, but it is really very important qualitative results. Yes. You know, we're transitioning this portfolio to be more contracted, to be, you know, more renewables, more utilities, you know, less but by getting rid of 5 gigawatts, you know, think about Brazil. I mean, that was about, you know, we have about 30 gigawatts. We sold out of 5. That was most of our hydrology, currency, it was all floating rate, interest rate exposure. So qualitatively, we're transforming this portfolio at the same time. So it's not just that it's going to have very good growth in 2026 and 2027, but it's going to be a much better portfolio as well.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Appreciate all the color. Thank you.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Willard Grainger with Mizuho. Please go ahead, Will.
Willard Grainger: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I appreciate all the disclosures here. Understand, you know, you reduced the CapEx here, but just want to understand a little bit more what's the flexibility to, you know, thinking about maybe we're reducing it even more and investing in your stock here just given where you're trading. Any color on that, you know, cost of capital would be super helpful.
Andres Gluski: Now we're, you know, as I said in my very first statement, you know, we're very well aware of where AES is. We're doing everything possible to improve it. What I would say is that, you know, what we're presenting here is a plan that we think accomplishes this. And, you know, we are paying, we're giving back to shareholders $500 million a year. We're paying a very healthy dividend. So right now, you know, this is the plan that we feel very confident about executing. And that we think will, when the market, you know, settles down, you know, we think will result in very good returns for our shareholders. But thanks for the question, and we are constantly thinking of those things.
Willard Grainger: Appreciate that. And then maybe just one final one from me. Understand you're doing a lot of work with technology customers, manufacturing customers, and just on the items that the FERC and what we're seeing also in Texas, does that impact your ability to contract long-term renewables either, you know, through colocation or virtual PPAs and the right color on that would be appreciated.
Andres Gluski: Yes. I think you're probably referring to like this as a private, you know, so colocation private use networks. And look, we don't see that affecting us. We think that, you know, most of our we have a very, I would say, resilient pipeline because we have very few federal lands if at all, all on private lands, and we don't have as part of that pipeline any any BUNs at this point. So we feel very, very confident about our pipeline, and we don't see any of these regulations affecting us.
Willard Grainger: Great. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Andres Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Those are all the questions we have. And so I'll turn the call back to Susan Harcourt for closing remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everyone for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our call, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-01 11:02:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for attending today's AES Corporation Third Quarter 2024 Financial Review Call. My name is Megan, and I'll be your moderator for today. All lines will be muted during the presentation portion of the call with an opportunity for questions and answers at the end. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations at AES Corporation. Susan, you may begin.
Susan Harcourt: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2024 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are disclosed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2024 financial review call. We are pleased with our performance this year. And today, I will discuss our third quarter results, a robust growth we are seeing at our renewables and U.S. utility businesses and our progress towards our asset sales target. Beginning on Slide 3 with our third quarter results, which were generally in line with our expectations. Adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes was about 1.2 billion, adjusted EBITDA was 692 million and adjusted EPS was $0.71. We're on track to meet our 2024 financial objectives, including our expectation to be in the top half of our ranges for adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes and adjusted EPS. At the same time, we now expect adjusted EBITDA to be towards the low end of the guidance range for the year, primarily due to the one-time impact of extreme weather in Colombia and the lower margins in the Energy Infrastructure SBU. We are reaffirming our expected growth rate through 2027. Steve Coughlin, our CFO, will provide more detail on our financial performance and outlook. I'm also very pleased to report that since our last call in August, we have signed or been awarded 2.2 gigawatts of new contracts. This includes both long-term renewable PPAs and new data center load growth at our U.S. utilities. Moving to our Renewables business on Slide 4. Since our Q2 financial review call, we have added 1.3 gigawatts of new PPAs to our backlog, bringing our year-to-date total to 3.5 gigawatts, more than 70% of which is with corporate customers. As a reminder, last year, we set a target of signing 14 to 17 gigawatts of new PPAs from 2023 to 2025. And with 9.1 gigawatts signed or awarded since the beginning of last year, we're currently well on track to meet this objective. Since setting that goal, we also materially increased our project return targets and we are focused on prioritizing the most profitable PPAs. Moving to Slide 5 and our construction progress. Since our second quarter call in August, we have completed construction of an additional 1.2 gigawatts of new projects, bringing our year-to-date total to 2.8 gigawatts, which represents nearly 80% of the 3.6 gigawatts we expect to complete this year. On-time execution is one of our competitive advantages, and we believe we have the best supply chain management in the industry. In the U.S., we have 100% of our solar panels on site for those projects coming online this year and 84% in country for next year. For 2026, we have 100% of our solar panels either in country or contracted to be domestically manufactured, providing protection against potential changes in tariff policy. We have also been a first mover in securing domestically manufactured battery modules and cells. We expect our first battery energy storage project with domestic content to come online in the first half of 2026. Additionally, we have established a robust supply chain for wind through our strategic suppliers with domestic manufacturing. Regarding long lead time equipment, such as transformers, and high-voltage breakers, we have secured all of the supply for our backlog through 2027. Turning to Slide 6. We are very well positioned as a leading provider of renewable energy to data center companies, particularly in the U.S. and to large mining companies outside the U.S. These customers want to work with AES due to our track record of providing customized solutions that best serve their specific needs and delivering our projects on time and on budget. With the U.S. elections only a few days away, I have great confidence in the resilience of our business plan, regardless of the outcomes of the presidential and congressional elections. While we do not believe the elimination of the investment tax credit or production tax credit is likely, even in an extreme scenario, we're uniquely well positioned due to the following. First, regardless of federal policies, our corporate customers had a massive need for new power that can only be met by renewables over the next decade. McKinsey estimates that in the U.S. data centers alone could require an additional 450 terawatt hours through the end of the decade, which is equivalent to more than the annual electricity consumption of France. With these market dynamics, we will continue to sign high-return renewables PPAs with our core customers. Second, should there be any changes to U.S. tariff policy, we have a resilient supply chain, with a large majority of our project components manufactured domestically by 2026. Finally, our strategy of procuring our equipment at the time of the PPA signing provides clear Safe Harboring protection from potential changes in policy. Now turning to Slide 7. Over the last 12 months, we have embarked on the most ambitious investment program in the history of our U.S. utilities, which will improve reliability and quality of service for our customers, while maintaining some of the lowest rates in both states. AES Indiana and AES Ohio are now 2 of the fastest-growing U.S. utilities, with projected double-digit rate base growth through 2027 based on necessary investments for our customers. As you may recall, in the third quarter of last year, we received commission approval for a new regulatory structure for AES Ohio, providing for timely recovery of the majority of these investments. Similarly, earlier last year, we received commission approval for new rates at AES Indiana, our first rate case in seven years. We are starting to see the benefits from the $1.2 billion we have invested in both utilities so far this year, representing a year-over-year increase of investment of 60%. Excluding the onetime settlement benefit recognized in 2023, year-to-date EBITDA is up 25%. Turning to Slide 8. We're also seeing additional investment opportunities from data center growth in our service areas above and beyond our existing rate base projections. Our utilities have many natural advantages that are attractive to large technology companies, such as proximity to fiber networks and the presence of ample land and water. We have worked to proactively identify sites that are well positioned to support new data centers, capitalizing on our deep relationships with technology companies. At AES Indiana, we expect to have specific data center deals to announce in the coming months, as we've been in active negotiations with several parties. We recently launched an RFP for 3 gigawatts of new generation to support accelerating demand growth. From a regulatory perspective, we will use the results of this RFP to help inform our IRP submission next year. At AES Ohio, we have now signed agreements for new data center load growth of 2.1 gigawatts, including an incremental 900 megawatts, on top of the 1.2 gigawatts we already announced on our last call. On our fourth quarter call in February, we will provide a comprehensive update on how these agreements impact our long-term investment plan and rate based growth. Today, we can indicate that just what we've signed to date provides a nearly 30% increase in investment through the end of the decade over our current plan. Turning to Slide 9. In September, we announced the plan to sell down 30% of AES Ohio to CDPQ, our longtime partner in AES Indiana. This transaction builds upon our strong relationship with CDPQ and allow us for common ownership across our U.S. utilities. This partnership will support growth at AES Ohio, with CDPQ as a funding partner for increasing investments to support reliability and economic development. Finally, as you may have seen in our release, we are pleased to report that we have now closed the sale of our equity interest in AES Brazil. We are proud of the work our people have done in Brazil to expand beyond the 2.7 gigawatt hydro portfolio by adding 2.5 gigawatts of operating wind and solar, creating one of the largest renewable businesses in the country. With these two transactions, we have now signed or closed agreements for more than three quarter of our 3.5 billion asset sale proceeds target through 2027. We have also further simplified our portfolio and eliminated Brazilian weather, interest rate and currency risks. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss our third quarter results and our 2024 guidance and parent capital allocation. Turning to Slide 11. Adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes was approximately 1.2 billion in the third quarter versus 1 billion a year ago. Although we realized 458 million of additional tax value year-over-year, renewables EBITDA was down 68 million, driven mostly by breaking drought conditions in South America. In addition, our energy infrastructure SBU was down 221 million largely due to expected items, which I'll cover in more detail on a later slide. Turning to Slide 12. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.71 versus $0.60 last year. Drivers were similar to those of adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes, but partially offset by higher parent interest due to growth investments as well as a higher adjusted tax rate. I'll cover the performance of our SBUs, or strategic business units, on the next four slides. Beginning with our Renewables SBU on Slide 13. Higher EBITDA with tax attributes was driven primarily by significant growth from new projects in the U.S., where we've added 3.3 gigawatts since Q3 2023, but was partially offset by significant declines at our Colombia and Brazil businesses. This year, we've experienced unprecedented weather volatility and a record-breaking drought in South America, driven by El Nino conditions. In June, a historic flooding event took out our 1 gigawatt Chivor facility in Colombia for nearly 2 months, followed by an extreme drought across the entire country. Also, you may recall that the third quarter of 2023 was extremely positive as we had better hydrology at our Chivor facility than the rest of the country, while spot prices were very high, yielding significant margins. As a result, Colombia is down 92 million versus the third quarter of last year and over 130 million year-to-date versus last year. In Brazil, the record drought and extremely low wind resource this year have also negatively impacted renewables in Q3 and year-to- date. While 2024 has been a difficult year due to the events in South America, we expect our renewables segment will grow significantly in 2025. Emerging La Nina conditions in the Pacific are expected to return the region to much better hydrology. While in the U.S., by the end of this year, we will have brought online a total of nearly 2 gigawatts of new capacity, which will drive a large increase in our Renewable segment EBITDA in 2025. Now turning to Slide 14. Lower adjusted PTC at our Utilities SBU was mostly driven by the prior year recovery of 39 million of purchase power costs at AES Ohio, included as part of the ESP IV settlement, as well as higher interest expense from new borrowings. This was offset by returns on new rate base investment in the U.S. as well as new rates implemented in Indiana in May. Adjusting for the onetime settlement last year, utilities adjusted PTC grew by 18% in the third quarter over prior year. Lower year-over-year Q3 EBITDA at our energy infrastructure SBU was primarily driven by nearly 200 million of expected declines at our Warrior Run Southland legacy businesses and the impact of several sell-downs, all of which were baked into our guidance. At Warrior Run, we recognized revenues from the accelerated monetization of the PPA beginning last year and ending in the second quarter of this year. Our legacy Southland assets benefited from energy margins earned in the prior year, which are no longer an opportunity in 2024 under the new extension monetization structure. In addition to these known drivers, we experienced lower margins at our new Southland combined-cycle asset U.S. due to much milder weather as well as extended outages at our TEG and TEP thermal plants in Mexico. Finally, higher EBITDA at our New Energy Technologies SBU reflects continued high growth and margin increases at Fluence. Now turning to our expectations on Slide 17. We are reaffirming our 2024 adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes guidance of 3.6 billion to 4 billion and adjusted EPS guidance of 1.87 to 1.97 and continue to expect to be in the top half of both ranges, driven in part by the success we've had securing higher tax value on our new projects. Our renewables team expects to capture over 200 million in tax value upside this year, which reduces our growth capital needs. EBITDA from renewables will be favorable in the fourth quarter from revenues earned on our PPAs, although we expect lower tax attributes in the fourth quarter as a result of the more balanced timing of renewable commissionings throughout the year. We also expect further growth in our U.S. utilities in Q4 as we continue to realize returns from our investment program. This will be offset by the negative impact from the prior year monetization of the Warrior Run PPA as well as incremental impact from asset sales, including AES Brazil. Drivers of adjusted EPS will be similar along with higher interest expense from growth capital, but benefiting from a lower adjusted tax rate. As a result of our efforts to spread renewables construction more evenly throughout the year, we've achieved more than 80% of our adjusted EPS guidance year-to-date, providing greater certainty around our 2024 financial objectives. Turning to Slide 18. We are also reaffirming our adjusted EBITDA guidance range of 2.6 billion to 2.9 billion. While I'm pleased with our execution this year on our growth objectives, several large drivers have impacted results, primarily at our legacy businesses, and we now expect to end the year towards the lower end of our guidance range. Milder weather compressed spark spreads in California resulting in lower margins at our South and combined cycle gas plants. The PPA for these assets contains an option that allows us to choose to sell the energy to the market in a given year. We previously chose to execute this option for 2024 and were therefore impacted by declining spark spreads that occurred later in the year. In Mexico, the unplanned outages, which have now been resolved, further impacted our results in the second and third quarter. In Colombia, the combination of the Q2 flood-related outage at Chivor and year-long record drought have negatively impacted us versus our guidance. Finally, inverter failures at several of our solar sites impacted availability versus our plan. These inverters were under warranty and are being remediated by the manufacturers. Despite the confluence of these onetime negative impacts, growth in U.S. renewables remains very strong, and our U.S. utilities have outperformed. We expect to continue this momentum and substantially increase EBITDA at both our renewables and utilities businesses in 2025. Now to our 2024 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 19. Sources reflect approximately $2.7 billion of total discretionary cash, including $1.1 billion of parent free cash flow, $950 million of hybrid debt that we issued in May and $650 million of proceeds from asset sales. Sale proceeds will be slightly lower than expected in 2024 due to timing, but we are well ahead of our $3.5 billion long- term target through 2027. On the right-hand side, you can see our planned use of capital. We will return approximately $500 million to shareholders this year, reflecting the previously announced 4% dividend increase. We also plan to invest $2.2 billion to $2.3 billion in new growth. In summary, we've continued to execute in the year-to-date and are well positioned for a strong finish to 2024. Our substantial renewables commissioning thus far give us greater line of sight toward achieving our earnings and cash targets, and our funding plan is largely complete. With $1.60 of adjusted EPS year-to-date, we have overachieved on our EPS growth with a clear path to landing at least in the upper half of our guidance range. As we look ahead to 2025, we see strong growth in our Renewables and Utility segments and continued execution of our decarbonization strategy in energy infrastructure. I look forward to providing additional detail around 2025 and beyond on our fourth quarter call. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. Before opening up the call for Q&A, I would like to summarize the highlights from today's call. We continue to execute well on our strategic priorities, including robust growth at our renewables and U.S. utility businesses. With 9.1 gigawatts of new PPAs signed or awarded in 2023 and year-to-date 2024, we are well on our way towards achieving our goal of 14 gigawatts to 17 gigawatts in 2023 through 2025. Regarding our construction program, we have added 2.8 gigawatts of new projects to our operating portfolio so far this year, and we're seeing the direct financial benefits in our adjusted EPS and adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes results. At our U.S. utilities, we have embarked on the most ambition investment program in their history, while signing agreements for 2.1 gigawatts of data center load growth, and we expect more in the coming months. We're also executing well on our asset sale and transformation program and we feel good about the remainder of 2024 and our long-term outlook, despite specific onetime weather-related events this year. Finally, I can confidently say that I believe no one is better positioned with large technology customers than AES. Energy market fundamentals and the strong demand we're seeing from our corporate customers give us great confidence in the resilience of our business plan, regardless of the outcomes of the upcoming U.S. elections. Operator, please open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will go to the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays.
Nicholas Campanella: Good morning, thank you for taking my question. So, I wanted to just ask the comments about supply chain, you seem well positioned through 2026 with panels, etcetera. But you continue to construct 3.5 gigs for this year. You kind of outlined this previous target at the Analyst Day of 14 gig into 2025. So, we're getting closer up to '25 now. I just kind of check in and see how you feel progressing towards that target because it seems like it will be a pretty good step up into '25 here? And is that still attainable?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Thanks for the question, Nick. I mean we feel very strong about our supply chain management and construction program. We are the only large renewables developer, which really hasn't had to abandon any large PPAs over the last 3, 4 years. So, what we've said, we have all the equipment we need this year. We have 84% of what we need for next year already in country. In the next month or so, we should have 100%. So, we feel very good about supply chain. We intend to concentrate on the big items like wind turbines, batteries, solar panels. But you also have inverters and you have transformers, which are long lead time and we feel very solid there. In addition, we've really had no problems with the workforce either because we have strategic relationships with EPC contractors so that they can move the crews from one project to the next. So, in answering your question, we feel very good about our construction program. And as you know, in 2023, we geared up 100%. So now we've been able to really smooth out our commissioning throughout the year, and we expect that in 2025 and 2026.
Nicholas Campanella: All right. When I think about '25 again, obviously, you had, on a tax attribute basis, some one-timers that's kind of putting you a little lower here. And I sense the notable confidence on the growth into 2025. Can you just kind of quantify for us how much has really just returned to normal versus new EBITDA from renewables contributions? And then when you consider things like Brazil rolling off, do you still expect that renewable segment to grow year-over-year?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Look, that's a very good question. We aren't giving guidance for 2025 at this time. But you're right, what you really have is mean reversion. You were really coming back to sort of more normal year. 2024 is a year that we've never had before, the sort of combination of extreme floods and extreme droughts in some of our service territories, largely driven by El Nino, coming into La Nina, we expect a return to normal. But you also correctly point out that we're maintaining all of our guidance and our long-term growth rates without Brazil. And so that means that the other sectors are picking up. So, to the extent that I can say we expect next year to be a more normal year and we've absorbed the sale of Brazil by increasing the growth rates, especially in U.S. renewables and U.S. utilities.
Stephen Coughlin: Hi, Nick. It's Steve. I would just add. We've added and will add a total of 3 gigawatts of new renewables this year across the portfolio. So in addition to some more normalization, like La Nina coming in South America, the installed base is going to be significantly higher. So that's part of it. Renewables segment will grow significantly. And we also have outside the renewables, we have the utilities growth. So, with a full year of new rates in Indiana and continued rate base growth in Ohio.
Nicholas Campanella: That makes sense. Thanks for answering my question and see you soon.
Operator: Thank you, Nick. Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. David your line is now open.
David Arcaro: Hi. Thanks so much. Good morning. I was wondering if you could elaborate on the outperformance you had in tax credits that you received. You referenced the $200 million higher-than-expected tax credits. Wondering what that stemmed from? And is there an opportunity for any more outperformance from here?
Steve Coughlin: Dave, it's Steve. Definitely been a very good year. Look this is I would say, a very core competency for us and a key differentiator. We have I think the strongest tax team and renewables finance team there is. We're always looking to ensure that we maximize the tax value opportunity because what does that do? It reduces our capital requirements and also increases returns. So we've had a good year. We've done a number of things to ensure we qualify for bonuses, including places where there's a brownfield at or -- that allows us to qualify for the energy community. These are sites that were formerly, say, agricultural sites that had, had different materials, chemicals applied that allowed them to qualify. So we've done a lot of research and digging to justify adders where we can. So the other thing we're doing is all tax credits are not created equal. So because of our track record, people tend to come to us, expect -- and we get less of a discount and we get people very focused on working with us. So I would say monetizing through transfers, we've had a lot of success and transfers do tend to get recognized a little earlier than through the tax equity partnerships the credit value. So that's part of it as well. So I do see this as potential upside in the future. But of course, there's other things going on in the portfolio. We have to take a holistic look. And when we give guidance in '25, we'll update you guys on the entire portfolio.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. Good to see just chipping away at the financing need with that. And then wondering if you could just touch on what renewable returns have been on the incremental projects that you've been signing, I guess, since raising your return expectations earlier in the year, how those return levels have been trending? Has there been continued momentum upwards?
Andres Gluski: Well, we're seeing good returns from our projects, and we continue to see a market that values what we bring to our customers. So the answer to that is yes, that we continue to see -- our newer projects have been within that range towards the upper end of that range. So we feel very confident in the numbers that we've provided.
David Arcaro: Okay got it. Appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Andres Gluski: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you, David. Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Durgesh your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi. Thank you. Good morning team thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to start off with the actual portfolio that is going to come online, not from the guidance. But in terms of the 2.8 gigawatts that's coming online this year, should we expect an uptick in that number as we go into 2025, the actual construction and getting projects online?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So this is Steve. So we'll give that guidance in February. So there's a number of moving pieces here. I would say the largest inflection will be beyond 2025, Durgesh. And so I expect renewables will be up somewhat. But I think based on what our COD schedules look like, the largest increases will come in '26 and '27.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. That's very helpful. That's just project timing. Okay. I have two other questions. First, on the hydrogen project with APD, there may have been some changes there, with the activist involvement with the company. Just can you update us what your plan is there? How much capital might you have invested to date? And what do we do with those gigawatts coming online? Just anything you can share there, that would be helpful.
Andres Gluski: Sure. No, I appreciate the question. Look we have developed a very attractive 1.5 gigawatts of renewables which, as you know, there is a market that there's a shortage of large advanced renewable projects. So we have to see when 45 V comes out and other things, how much of this goes to hydrogen. But in any case, we have a very attractive asset there. Regarding outside of the states, I do see those projects likely going forward with Asian buyers stepping up and as partners in the early part of it. So we don't have a lot of money invested other than development money that we've done. However, I think that this is probably some of the best pipeline development that we've done because it's a particularly attractive asset.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it, Andres. That's very helpful. And this is part of the backlog that you show, right? The -- I believe that number is 12 now. Is that the 1.5 gig that's included in the 12?
Andres Gluski: No, no. We only include in our backlog, that's which is signed or awarded at the very final stage. We've never taken any project out of our backlog really. Nothing but -- so we wouldn't include it until we have a signed PPA.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Okay. Very clear. And then one final question, sorry for dragging for this long. Steve, just on Moody's basis, earlier in the year, we've had conversations on the methodology -- potentially a methodology change at Moody's. Maybe just update us on where you stand on Moody's basis and the latest conversations you've had with the credit rating agency?
Steve Coughlin: Sure, Durgesh. So the dialogue continues. I do expect that they will publish an update before year-end. I characterize the conversation continuing to be very constructive. I hate to see that our credit quality has indeed improved since they gave us the initial upgrade a few years back. What's the reality here is that we've been really transforming the portfolio, exiting markets, exiting carbon-intensive assets and rotating capital into long duration, U.S. dollar, high creditworthy counter-parties with no fuel exposure. So we have a very, very attractive profile. I think what they're working through since Moody's looks at AES on a consolidated basis, as opposed to S&P and Fitch, which is at the parent recourse level only, they're looking at the project finance structures and how they take account of those. Project finance is amortizing when we put debt on our projects, it amortizes over the life of the contract, so there's not an exposed levered tail there. So it's a low-risk structure. It's actually investment-grade-rated debt at the project level. So it's an attractive structure, it just hasn't fit within the well within the way they define their thresholds. So they're looking at that. They're also looking at how -- given our high growth, we carry a fairly material amount of construction debt, and that's not yet yielding. And so they're looking at that in ways to recognize that there is cash flow pending that's certain. And of course, this is nonrecourse debt as well that they're looking for adjustments along those lines as well. So I feel good about where we are. I feel really good about the conversations. And I do expect there'll be sharing their view here before the end of the year.
Andres Gluski: I would add that if you think of the sort of the big picture overall, we continue to improve our credit profile. So we exited Brazil which was a substantial amount of our FX, certainly a big part of our foreign interest rate exposure and weather-related exposures we learned this year. So as we shut down coal plants or sell coal plants, you're changing 2-year PPAs with fuel risk for really long-term 20-year PPAs with no fuel risk with investment-grade off-takers in the U.S. So I feel very confident that any credit rating agency looking at overall company, where we are today versus where they gave us the ratings a year or 2 ago is a substantially better company.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Really appreciate that color guys. Thank you.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Durgesh.
Operator: Thank you, Durgesh. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Julien, your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning team. Thank you guys very much for the time. I appreciate it. Can you guys hear me?
Andres Gluski: Yes, Julien very well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks you, Andres. Excellent. Well, actually since we're talking on the credit here, just to kick off on the nuance, just where do you see your metrics getting here and then more specifically, do you anticipate needing to upsize the asset sales or accelerate the asset sale target to kind of true up the balance sheet for any reason here? I get the Moody's methodology is in flux, but as you think about the asset sale piece of this, any observations to make on that front since we were focused on in the second year?
Steve Coughlin: No, certainly. So I mean the credit metrics remain strong at the parent level. And actually, things that we've been doing are quite credit accretive. So some of the largest things we've done here now just closing on Brazil. Brazil, while it was generating a significant amount of EBITDA in the Renewable segment was actually producing very, very little cash. The business is highly levered and so the sale is actually very credit accretive. Similarly, with the Ohio sell-down when that closes next year, we're going to be paying down a tranche debt that's due at the holdco over 400 million. So we see that as also credit accretive and that we do, in fact, expect as a result of the transaction Ohio will be able to start paying dividends at least a year sooner than it otherwise would have. So we really feel good about the trajectory. I would expect at the end of this year, the parent level metrics will be between 22% and 23% which are well above the threshold of 20% that we have. And so yes, no, Julien, I think the asset sale program, we've had a lot of success, targeted 3.5. The universe is, in fact, bigger. So we'll see what makes sense going into the future. But I see us having a lot of runway here and that the credit metric has actually, in fact, been supported by the asset sale program.
Andres Gluski: I'd like to sort of also say that we've always exceeded our asset sale program targets. And I would also say, quite frankly, I think we have a very good record of selling assets at good value. And what we've always been doing is maximizing the value for our shareholders and not just doing asset sales to hit a certain, let's say, megawatt or generation composition target.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No. Fair enough, guys and thank you for that. Let me pivot real quickly to Palco here. We saw your peers to the north with NIPSCO. NiSource gave a very robust update. You guys are talking about 3 gigawatts of procurement activity. I know you guys already had a team's trajectory articulated at the Analyst Day last year, but I suspect that number is potentially meaningfully higher or potentially extend it out for meaningfully greater duration given A the 3 gigawatts and B the baseline of the rate base at Palco here. If you can speak a little bit to what your expectations on what total portion that you can own and how it impacts your financials here?
Steve Coughlin: Okay. So look, I mean the rate case this year was resolved early settled early and approved early. So we had a significant increase over $70 million annual increase. And so that is driving a significant year-over-year. We'll have a full year of the new rates next year. And then as Andres described in his comments, we're once RFP for a lot of new generation in the utility. It will go into the integrated resource plan to be filed next year. And we're talking -- I think we said in the last call, 3 gigawatts total and that's increasing of data center load across the utilities, in addition to what we've already signed. So there's a -- I would say what we guided to is double-digit rate base growth across the utilities. It's going to be much higher than that. So we'll give more guidance in '25, Julien, but -- given what we're seeing the utility investment is going to increase, the returns are going to increase, the rate base will increase. And that's also part of why we also sold down Ohio because although we're selling down 30%, in fact, our net investment in the utilities is increasing. So this sell-down is allowing us to improve credit, get to earlier distributions from the utility, it will improve the credit quality in Ohio and it helps fund a much bigger investment program than even we anticipated a year ago. And our net investment, even though we're at 70% ownership in both utilities it’s going to be even higher. So that's how I would look at it. And of course, in Indiana, it's an integrated utility. So not only do we have the load on the network, but we also have the generation piece to supply as well. So we see a lot of generation growth.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. So even the medium-term rate base growth CAGR, it could potentially be heading higher is what I'm hearing. But actually, you made allusion to one thing here, if I can just clarify. You'll be providing an updated outlook here on the fourth quarter. And I know that there's a lot of different things that are moving around in the plan. So as you guys have done historically, expect that kind of integrated update here on 4Q roll forward from the Analyst Day?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, absolutely. Yes, we will update you on our long term for -- in February.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Wonderful. Excellent, guys. Thank you for the time. Appreciate it.
Steve Coughlin: Thanks Julien.
Operator: Thank you, Julien. Our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Angie your line is open.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you for taking my question. So I just wanted to focus on the renewable power EBITDA. So the one without credits for cash EBITDA, I would call it. So I'm looking at these results. I mean you will be basically flat since 2022. And now it looks like 2025 is going to be also like 620, 630 range. So I mean I understand that there are one-off items that weighed on this year's EBITDA which is going to be even lower than the number I just mentioned. So I mean there has to be some growth in that number. And I hear you, Steve, that there will be some in '26, '27, but you're making very substantial investments and we're not seeing growth in that cash renewable EBITDA. Now the reason I'm actually asking about it is because if you look at the parent free cash flow, parent distributions, I mean the vast majority of them come from energy infrastructure, but that's a segment that is shrinking. So I will have to rely on cash distributions from renewables very soon in order to hit the free cash flow expectations. So I'm just hoping that we can reconcile this. Thanks.
Andres Gluski: Yes. First, we're not saying that the renewable EBITDA will grow substantially in 2025. And what you have is the fact that we're selling Brazil. That's 5 gigawatts, so -- which are having a little bit of apples and oranges here. So we're seeing the operating results from our renewable build, absolutely in where we think it should be. So it is -- there's a number of things going on here, Angie, that we can -- time will clarify. But I don't think that it's -- you can say that we're not getting the results from the investments that we're making. It's just moving. And then second, on the energy infrastructure, yes, I mean, we have a balanced portfolio. So we tend to have that event in one spot, offset by good events in the other. And this was a particular quarter where really a lot of things came together that normally don't come together. So normally, if you have conditions, you have more win. This time we had both. But what we also had was sort of all the years rain came in a very short period of time and damage of 1 gigawatt hydro, so I think we really did have sort of onetime events, and I think you're drawing sort of longer-term conclusions from that. I'll pass it to Steve.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. I would just say, Angie, the only reason we're down year-over-year is because of the record drought. The only material reason is because of the record drought, primarily Colombia and to a degree, Brazil as well. So those conditions are known to be changing, moving to La Nina. Obviously, Brazil is out of the portfolio. So Colombia, we do expect returning to much more normal conditions next year. And don't forget, we also had an extremely high third quarter last year in Colombia, unusually high. So it makes the year-over-year comparison look more extreme. But what's the reality is the U.S. growth is significant. And so this year and even higher into next year, more than overcoming the loss of Brazil from the renewables segment. So the renewables growth will be very material this year. So we get that we're not on track at this point with the guidance for -- if you were to straight line the guidance, but we're picking up substantially into next year and are reaffirming through 2027 that 19% to 21% growth rate, and that's largely driven by all of this U.S. growth, which is taking off. As I said, we have added a total of 3 gigawatts of renewables across the across the year since Q3 of last year. We also will ultimately move Chile into the renewable segment where it belongs as we execute on our coal exit. So the cash from this renewable segment will grow accordingly as well, and the EBITDA will be on track with that growth rate.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. So let me just push back the latter, meaning that Chile was supposed to be additive to the growth trajectory that you were showing at the Analyst Day. And now that we see the results, like year-over-year changes versus '23 results, you clearly point out that the second half of '23 had some big onetime benefits, which you could not have counted on during your '23 Analyst Day, and yet you came below your expectations, even the low end on renewables EBITDA for '23.So again, I mean I hear you that there is growth in the U.S. portfolio, which will benefit the EBITDA, but again, I mean, you had some big positives in the second half of '23, which you could not have expected when you were giving guidance on '23 on renewables and you came below expectations on renewables in '23 now. So why should I have conviction that the same is not going to true in future years?
Andres Gluski: Well, we feel confident we're going to hit the long-range growth that we talked about. I mean it has to do with reaching critical mass on some of these things. And certainly, we can have onetime weather events. But I think the important thing is what returns are you actually seeing from the projects you're bringing online? What is the value of the PPAs you are signing? And as we move forward, it will be easier to make apples-and-apples comparisons as we have the same portfolio new year.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. The other thing I would say, Angie, is referring to last year, we did end up having more of our commissionings very late in the year, in fact, most in December. So a little later than expected this year. We have substantially changed that trend. And so the renewable commissionings were much more really spread throughout the year. That's why we've already recognized $900 million of tax attributes already. So I think that's another reason that, that program has become more mature and spread throughout the year that we're seeing a better result, and that ‘23 was lower.
Angie Storozynski: And just one other question. So I'm looking at your guidance here on the free cash flow for the parent for the year. It seems like you are expecting about $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion in distributions from subsidiary and you are at about 800, 880, I forget. So is this apples-to-apples, meaning that I am basically 50% of distributions, meaning that the fourth quarter will be the big catch-up on distributions?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, but that's a normal trend. So that's -- we've been having that type of seasonality for a long time. And I would say, in most cases, the cash is already sitting there. It's based on the windows in time relative to our debt service that we're also allowed to pay dividends. So we have clear visibility into the remaining dividend. It's just a matter of timing at this point as to when they get released on the periodic twice a year, once a year in some cases. So I'm very, very confident in the distribution level.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Michael your line is now open.
Michael Sullivan: Hi. Good morning.
Steve Coughlin: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Yes, just -- I know that kind of got passed through a bunch there on the last line of questions or commentary, I guess. Just to make it simple, like you keep talking about significant growth in '25. We obviously don't know what that means exactly. But you have this 5% to 7% EBITDA CAGR off of '23. When do you get inside of that within your plan?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So again, we'll give an update in February. The early years as we have been executing on the transformation and things like the Brazil exit, we'll have the Vietnam exit next year. We had the Warrior Run shutdown, and so that goes away. So that weighs on the early years, but the trajectory, as I said, there's more of an inflection point beyond next year, overall, getting through the 2027. Period. So what's happening is that the renewables will grow significantly next year. The utilities will grow significantly, catching back up to closer to that level of return of growth that we've been expecting, but the energy infrastructure shrinking has been a little more front-end loaded. And then the Brazil sale, obviously, is a headwind in renewables in the near term, but we're more -- significantly more than offsetting it next year. So that's how I would characterize it. We feel good about the growth rate overall, but it's influenced by how we execute on the transformation as well as the growth, and the transformation shows up in the shrinking of the energy infrastructure. So that's how I would characterize it. And so we'll give more in February. But again, I feel really good about the renewables and the utilities. And then the energy infrastructure we’ll look at choices we have around how fast to continue the transformation and discuss that in February.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That's very helpful, Steve. And then I had 2 ones just on your resource additions. The first, just in terms of looking at new gas at the utility, do you see that in the RFP? Or is that not until the IRP? And do you have a good handle on how much you could look to be doing in gas? And then on the nonutility side, you all have traditionally been pretty solar heavy though I think you mentioned wind a few times just in terms of supply chain. But when I look at you and your peers, it doesn't seem like anyone's adding too much wind these days. So just curious what you're seeing on that front?
Andres Gluski: Yes. On your first question, that would be really waiting for the IRP. So we certainly are looking at all options. So it will be likely a mix of renewables and some thermal, of course, batteries as well. Now regarding the second question in wind. Well, we were -- we had been building quite a lot of wind in Brazil. But a lot of the projects that we have in the pipeline have a considerable amount of wind. So if you think of the -- what's been known as sort of the green hydrogen project in Texas, 1.5 giga, that's primarily wind. So we'll have a more of a balance in the U.S. between wind and solar in future years.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, Michael. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Ryan your lines are open.
Ryan Levine: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. What is the time line for the $92 million Colombia impact to return to historic norms? And what is the risk to achieving this ramp at this stage in the year?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So conditions are already improving. The fourth quarter, in fact, I expect will be higher in Colombia than last year, Ryan. And all forecasts point to La Nina being highly probable over the next couple of months and lasting well into next year. So it's pretty much turning around now. Again, I expect the fourth quarter to be higher. And then throughout next year, I expect Colombia to be higher in this year overall. So Colombia has been -- and it was $92 million in the quarter alone. It's $130 million down year-to-date over prior year. So that is the single largest driver here, and it shows up in the Renewables segment. But the U.S. growth is doing hard work to offset that and significantly overcome overcomes it in the fourth quarter here and into next year.
Andres Gluski: Yes. I would add we had a two-month outage. Yes. So the truth is that outage was at the worst possible time because if we hadn't had the outage because we had a rain, which was 25% higher than anything prior previously recorded, we could have used that water to very good results subsequently in the drought. So being out for two months is -- that's part of the recovery.
Ryan Levine: Okay. So then by 2026, you should be back to a more normal performance?
Steve Coughlin: No, '25, Ryan. So the conditions are already improving. We expect this quarter, fourth quarter to be higher than last year. And next year, in 2025, we expect normal to better hydrology from the La Nina.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then maybe switching gears, as you referenced in your prepared comments, impact to California spark spreads, are you looking to change your hedging strategy there? Or any color you could share around the outlook going forward for the Southland?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So just -- as a reminder, the Southland structure has a 20-year contract for capacity and energy. So we have a very known monetization stream. It is at our election annually a year in advance to decide whether we want to market the energy ourselves and hedge it or put it to the uptake or under the PPA. So for '24 we did previously decide, at the end of '22, to call the energy to us and to market it. Unfortunately, spark spreads changed significantly during the time that we made that decision, and we're executing on the hedge program. And so we had downtime this year. But still relative to the put value, still a good decision. And so we have made that decision also for 2025 that we will market the energy. We are over 95% hedged already at values well in excess of the put value. So it -- the market has changed. The market has compressed a lot due to better hydro conditions. What we've had is milder weather. There's been a lot more battery penetration in California. So the market value is not as high over the long term as it had been back in '22 when we first made that decision. But nonetheless, we see, overall, the strategy is -- has been increasing or has added over the put is just not as much as we expected when we gave the guidance, unfortunately.
Ryan Levine: So, then as a follow-up, given that framework and your decisions for next year, is there any color around -- any direction of travel for that asset's performance for '25 given what your parties decided?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. I would say, at this point, since we've already decided on '25, it is in excess of the put value. And we're already nearly 100% hedged, 95% hedged, as I said. So it the value is lower than it was in the original guidance, but still above had we taken a no-risk strategy. And then for 2026, we have not yet made that decision. And we'll have to here later in the fourth quarter, and we'll update you all on that later. And that will be based just upon what we see in the hedge market at the time relative to the put value.
Ryan Levine: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Ryan. Our next question is from the line of Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan. Richard, your line is open.
Richard Sunderland: Thanks for the time. I know you've covered a lot of ground. Just one quick cleanup. You've talked at various points about asset sale program and how you've thought about timing that and affecting that it sounds like more to come on year-end around that. But just curious how you're thinking about monetizing the new energy technologies investments? And if that's something that should fall within the planned period? Any thoughts there.
Andres Gluski: When you think about the new energy technologies, look, what we've talked about is through 2027. And we approached these strategically. So what we've always said is that we will monetize these assets when we feel it's appropriate. And when we are out of long-term venture capitalist investors. So we'll monetize them at the right time when we don't think we're adding a lot of value. And we've already done some monetization and taking some money off the table. So it's been a very successful program. And I think there's a lot more value there than is being recognized by most of the parts. But what I would say is that so long as we add a lot of value, we'll stay in. However, we'll continue to opportunistically monetize. And certainly, we're well ahead of our plan for 2027. But as Steve mentioned, the universe is greater. So it would include some things from new energy technologies.
Richard Sunderland: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Richard. There are no additional questions waiting at this time. So I'll turn the call back over to Susan Harcourt for closing remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. We look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Financial Conference later this month. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and a warm welcome to the AES Corporation Q2 2024 Financial Review Call. My name is Emily, and I'll be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Susan Harcourt, to begin. Susan, please go ahead.
Susan Harcourt: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2024 financial review call. Our press release, presentation, and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements which are disclosed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer, and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2024 financial review call. We are very pleased with financial performance so far this year. Today, I will discuss our results, the significant advancements we've made with large technology customers, and the work we are doing to incorporate generative AI in our portfolio to develop new competitive advantages. Beginning on slide three, with our second quarter results, we had a strong second quarter that was in line with our expectations, with adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes of $843 million, adjusted EBITDA of $652 million, and adjusted EPS of $0.38. We are on track to meet our 2024 financial objective, and we now expect to be in the top-half of our ranges for adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes and adjusted EPS. We are also reaffirming our remaining 2024 guidance metrics and growth rate to 2027. Steve Coughlin, our CFO, will give more detail on our financial performance and outlook. I'm also pleased to report that, since our last call in May, we have signed 2.5 gigawatts of new agreements in total, including 2.2 gigawatts with hyperscalers across our Utilities and Renewal businesses. This includes 1.2 gigawatts of new datacenter load growth across AES Ohio and AES Indiana. A PPA to provide 727 megawatts of new renewables in Texas, and a 310 megawatt retail supply agreement in Ohio. With these arrangements, we are expanding our work with the major datacenter providers to new areas of business. Turning now to datacenter growth at our U.S. utilities, on slide four, since our last call, we have signed agreements to support 1.2 gigawatt of new load across AES Ohio and AES Indiana, expected to come online in phases, beginning in 2026. Additionally, we're in advanced negotiations across several sites to support another 3 gigawatts of new load. These agreements are transformative for both utilities, with the potential to increase the peak load at both AES Ohio and AES Indiana by more than 50%. As a result, AES Ohio's rate base will consist predominantly of FERC-regulated transmission assets, receiving timely recovery through a formula rate. For AES Indiana, this growth creates the potential for significant investment in transmission, as well as additional build-out of new-generation assets. These opportunities will even further increase our industry-leading U.S. utility rate base growth plans. Our service territories are particularly well-positioned to serve datacenters and other large loads with available interconnection, lower rates, and land prices, access to water resources and local incentives. Turning to slide five, and the generation build-out at AES Indiana, we continue to make progress in upgrading and transforming our generation fleet as we shutdown or convert our coal units to gas, and build our renewable fleet. I am pleased to announce that we have signed a deal to acquire 170 megawatt solar plus storage development project that AES Indiana will construct and own. The project will require approximately $350 million of CapEx, with an expected completion date in late 2027. Once approved by the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, this will be the sixth project supporting AES Indiana's recent generation growth. Now turning to our Renewables business on slide six, since our last all in may, we have further expanded our partnership with Google, signing a 15-year PPA for 727 megawatts in Texas to power its datacenter growth. The agreement includes a combination of wind and solar to further Google's 24-7 carbon-free energy goals. These projects are expected to come online in 2026 and 2027. We also recently signed a retail supply agreement with Google for 310 megawatts to support their Ohio datacenters. This agreement demonstrates the strong trust and collaboration between our companies, which began with our original 2021 partnership to provide 24-7 renewable power in Virginia. We see further opportunities to add renewables to support Google's datacenter growth in Ohio. Turning to slide seven, with these major announcements today on our collaborations with hyperscalers, we have now signed a total of 8.1 gigawatts directly with technology companies, which is clearly a leading market position. As you can see on slide eight, our backlog of projects under signed long-term contracts now stands at 12.6 gigawatts. Our focus remains on maximizing the quality of megawatts over the quantity, which means delivering high-quality projects with higher returns and long-duration PPAs. We have never felt better about our key customer relationships, the long-term market dynamics that are supporting growth and value creation in our portfolio. Turning to slide nine, the demand for power that is coming from the rise in generative AI in datacenters, represents a significant structural change in the Power segment, and no one is better positioned than AES for sustained growth from this opportunity. Regardless of election or policy outcomes, we are confident in our ability to continue signing renewable PPAs with mid-teen IRRs. Our corporate customers value our unique record of bringing projects online on time over the past five years. Furthermore, looking at the interconnection queues, time to power and price certainty, we see renewables as the only source of new power that can meet most of the demand over the next decade. AES has a longstanding and deep relationship with hyperscaler customers. This includes our ability to co-create new offerings and structure innovative clean energy solutions, such as hybrid PPAs, shaped products, and 24/7 renewables. As you can see on slide 10, of the 3.6 gigawatts that we expect to bring online this year, we have already completed the construction of 1.6 gigawatts and expect the remainder to be weighted towards the third quarter. I should note that for the projects coming online this year, we have all of the major equipment already on site in almost all for 2025. Additionally, we expect a significant portion of our solar panels to be domestically produced beginning in 2026. All of the above combined with having panels on site for 2025 projects, greatly mitigates our exposure to any potential new tariffs. Our diversified and resilient supply chain has been and will continue to be best-in-class. Finally, turning to slide 11, not only is generative AI shaping the customer landscape, but it is also transforming how we work internally, providing new opportunities for efficiencies, customer service and innovation that will give us new competitive advantages. As you may have seen, in June, we announced a partnership with AI Fund to accelerate AI-driven energy solutions. Founded by AI leader, Andrew Ng, AI Fund is a venture studio that works with entrepreneurs to rapidly build companies. We are collaborating with AI Fund on co-building companies that leverage AI to address bottlenecks and improve efficiencies in the energy transition in areas such as developing and operating renewables and asset management. At the same time, we continue to leverage AI across our portfolio with our culture of innovation and continuous improvement. We are increasingly using proprietary tools across a wide range of our business operations, enabling our people to work faster and smarter. For example, our renewables team has built sophisticated tools that utilize generative AI to accurately predict the speed at which projects will move through interconnection queues, helping us more efficiently coordinate the various simultaneous development processes. As you can see on slide 12, earlier this week, we launched the world's first AI-powered solar installation robot, Maximo, which uses state-of-the-art AI and robotics to complement our construction crews in the installation of solar modules. Maximo enables faster construction times and reduces overall project costs. It can work three shifts, even in the worst weather conditions, with a more inclusive workforce. Not only does it reduce time to power, which is highly valued by our customers, but it will boost overall project returns. We plan to ramp up our use of Maximo in 2025 and are already utilizing it to construct a portion of our two gigawatt Bellefield project in California, which is the largest solar plus storage project in the U.S. and is contracted to serve Amazon. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss our second quarter results and our 2024 guidance and parent capital allocation. Turning to slide 14, adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes was $843 million in the second quarter versus $607 million a year ago. This was driven by growth in our renewables SBU, new rates and growth investments in our U.S. utilities, and higher margins in our energy infrastructure SBU. Turning to slide 15, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.38 versus $0.21 cents last year. Drivers were similar to those of adjusted with tax attributes, but partially offset by higher depreciation and higher interest expense as a result of our growth. I'll cover the performance of our SBUs or Strategic Business Units on the next four slides. Beginning with our renewables SBU on slide 16, higher EBITDA with tax attributes was driven primarily by contributions from new projects, but was partially offset by lower availability from a forced outage event at our 1 gigawatt Chivor hydroplant in Columbia. The outage was caused by record water inflows in early June, which brought significant sediment into the plant and damaged the units. Repairs of the plant were completed quickly and all units resumed operations by mid July. Higher adjusted PTC at our utilities SBU was mostly driven by higher revenues from the $1.6 billion we invested in our rate base in the past year, new rates implemented in Indiana in May, year-over-year low growth of 3.1% as well as favorable weather. Higher EBITDA at our energy infrastructure SBU primarily reflects higher revenues recognized from the accelerated monetization of the PPA at our Warrior Run plant and higher margins in Chile. Partially offset by lower margins in the Dominican Republic and the sell-down of our gas and LNG businesses in Panama and the Dominican Republic. Finally, relatively flat EBITDA at our new energy technologies SBU reflects our continued development of early stage technology businesses. Partially offset by continued margin increases at Fluence. Now turning to our expectations on slide 20, as a result of our strong first-half performance and high confidence in a strong second-half, I am very happy to share that we now expect adjusted EBITDA with tax attribute to be in the top half of our 2024 expected range of $3.6 billion to $4 billion. Drivers of adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes in the year ago include higher contribution from new renewable commissioning, contributions from growth investment, and expected higher load at our U.S. utilities. Partially offset by expected closings in our asset sale program. Turning to slide 21, I am also very glad to share that we now expect our 2024 adjusted EPS to be in the upper half of our guidance range of $1.87 to $1.97. We increased our share of earnings in the first-half of the year from 25% in 2023 to nearly half in 2024. Growth in the year to go will have similar drivers as adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes. Partially offset by higher interest expense from growth capital. Now to our 2024 parent capital allocation on slide 22, sources reflect approximately $3 billion of total discretionary cash including $1.1 billion of parent free cash flow, $900 million to $1.1 billion of proceeds from asset sales, and $950 million of hybrid debt that we issued since our last earnings call in May. On the right-hand side, you can see our planned use of capital. We will return approximately $500 million to shareholders this year, reflecting the previously announced 4% dividend increase. We also plan to invest $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion towards new growth. Of which, 85% will go to renewable and utility. Turning to slide 23, we are well on our way to towards achieving our long-term asset sale target of $3.5 billion from 2023 through 2027. We signed or closed more than $2.2 billion of asset sales since the beginning of last year. And we are now nearly two-thirds of the way to reaching our target even though we are only 1.5 years into our five-year guidance period. We do not announce specific asset sales in advance. But the remaining proceeds could come from sell-downs of renewables projects, our intended coal exist, monetization of our new energy technologies businesses, and sales or sell-down of other noncore assets. In summary, we made excellent progress this quarter toward all of our strategic and financial targets. We have clear line of sight towards achieving the key drivers of our year-to-go earnings growth. And we are well-positioned to continue delivering on our financial goals beyond this year. We also made significant headway on our long-term funding plan which allows us continue simplifying and focusing our portfolio while we scale our leading renewables and utilities business. Our strategy to serve high value corporate customers including a rapidly growing base of datacenter providers across our Renewables and Utilities businesses is highly resilient, and will continue to yield financial success for AES and our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. Before opening up the call for Q&A, I would like to summarize the highlights from today's call. With more than 8 gigawatts of agreements already signed directly with large technology customers, including 2.2 gigawatts signed since our last call. We continue to be the industry leader in this segment. At the same time, we continue to deliver our projects on time and on budget, with 1.6 gigawatts completed so far this year. We are fully on track to add a total of 3.6 gigawatts by the end of 2024. We see demand for power from datacenters in the U.S. growing around 22% a year. And we could not be better positioned to serve these customers, from our Renewable business to our Utilities. I would like to reiterate that with strong demand for the projects in our 66 gigawatt development pipeline and our existing 12.6 gigawatt backlog of signed long-term PPAs. We are very confident in our ability to continue to meet or exceed our long-term objectives. Operator, please open up the line for question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Durgesh, please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team, good morning. First off, congrats on a solid quarter and first-half. Too bad the market is [viscose] (ph) today. Maybe just I had one question on the numbers, and then I have just one high-level macro question. First, to Steve, could you update us on credit metrics, where did you end up as of Q2, and then were do you expect to be at the end of 2024 on FFO to debt?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, sure. Hi, Durgesh, it's good to hear your voice. So, the credit is looking very, very strong. So, we continue to be on a path of improving credit. At the parent level, I expect will be even higher than last year's year-end. And so, it looks very good. There's obviously intra movement in quarters as we have some cash flow lumpiness coming up, but it continues very strong. I think we'll see the year end be even better than last year.
Durgesh Chopra: So, just to be clear there, Steve, I think the target last year was 22%, if I have those numbers right on FFO to debt basis is the S&P methodology. Is that still kind of a good goalpost?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So, we have a threshold of 20%. So, you're referring more to, I think, where we ended, which had plenty of cushion above that. And I think we will likely see ourselves even higher than that at the end of this year.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, perfect. [A lot of] (ph) question on the balance sheet. Okay, then maybe just one election question. Andres, appreciate the commentary in your prepared remarks. But I'm just wondering, obviously a great quarter here. You added to the Utilities, you added on the Renewable side. But I'm just wondering if all the noise around repeal of tax credits and other policy chatter, does that hurt your ability to sign new contracts? Does that come up in your contract negotiation, is that a risk? Maybe just help us sort through that. Thank you.
Andres Gluski: Sure, Durgesh. No, it's not slowing down our signing of contracts. What we really had is a situation that we had, to some extent; foreseen a couple years ago where it's really there's a shortage of renewable power for datacenters in many markets. So, what's the biggest concern of our clients is actually time to power, can you get me the power on time to power datacenters. And that's their main constraint. So, no, there has been anything holding us down or, quite frankly, a major issue of conversation with them. I do think we have to step back and say, "Look, ITC investment tax credits, production tax credits, they've been around for 32 years." Second, there's been a tremendous amount of investment related to the Inflation Reduction Act. And 85% of that investment has gone into republican districts. Today, there are eight million people working directly or indirectly in renewables in the U.S. So, a total dismantling is highly unlikely in any scenario, whether there are some changes around the margin; sure. But thinking about the sector, quite frankly we operate in markets where there are no subsidies. We actually make more money in those subsidies. And it would change somewhat the structure of the contracts. But we see a wholesale revision of this very, very unlikely. Something more likely what happened to NAFTA, where it became the USMCA, and actually was, quite frankly, updated and improved in some areas. So, that's where we se the market right now.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. [Indiscernible]. Thanks so much for the time, I appreciate it.
Andres Gluski: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Sunderland with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Hi, good morning, and thank you for the time today.
Andres Gluski: Hi, good morning, Rich.
Steve Coughlin: Hi, Rich.
Richard Sunderland: Starting on the Utility announcements, can you outline the utility load opportunity in terms of the breakdown of that 3 gigawatt in advanced negotiations between Indiana and Ohio, plus how much of that capital could fall into the transmission and generation buckets relative to what's in the plant today?
Andres Gluski: Okay, look, that's a great question. But we will give you more color on that as time passes, because these are multiple agreements with multiple clients. And we'd really like to see how it shakes out. We're certain that there's going to be a lot of load added, a lot of transmission assets added. But this is between two utilities, between multiple clients. So, right now it's a little bit too early for us to give too much in term of exact load growth by business.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, and just to add to that, Rich, we had previously guided to around 10% up for the utilities combined, this is definitely upside. There's significant acceleration of discussions. So, definitely upside to the plans that we've given in the past. Timing matters here though, so we'll see some within our long-term guidance period, and some beyond that. But we do see a lot more growth than we saw even at the start of this year.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. Thanks for the color there. And then, your language in the slides on maximizing megawatt quality over quantity; that message has certainly been clear. But I'm curious if this is consistent with your raise per turn assumptions, I think that was back in 4Q. Or do you see further upside potential to returns given the supply and demand dynamics currently?
Andres Gluski: Okay. Basically, I think there's several things. One, when we talk about pipeline, that means we have something in the interconnection queue. And we have some degree of land control. So, I would say not all pipeline were created equal. And when we talk about backlog, that's actually contracts that are signed and that we have to deliver, and people have to buy that energy. So, we've never taken anything material out of our backlog, even during COVID. So, what we're saying here with -- the basic message is, one, yes we increased our average rate of returns on these projects. We're not talking about mid-teens. The other thing is that rather than sign like one umbrella agreement with one particular client, we're optimizing the value of this resource among various clients and among opportunities. So, we see this as something where we invest in, we create this real pipeline. And then, we want to optimize the value from it. Will the average returns go up further? Well, I think it would depend market by market, and the opportunity. But right now, we feel very good about the mid-teen returns that we talked about. And we also feel very good about that we're making the best use of that pipeline to create value for our shareholders.
Richard Sunderland: Great, thank you for the color there. I'll leave it there.
Andres Gluski: Okay. Thanks, Rich.
Operator: The next question comes from Antoine Aurimond with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Antoine Aurimond: Hey, guys. Hope you're well. Thank you for taking my question.
Andres Gluski: Good morning.
Antoine Aurimond: Good morning. I guess to follow-up on Durgesh on the credit side, how do you frame the prospects of going towards a mid-BBB rating and what would be the timeline, we'll be contemplating?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So, as I said, credit metrics are definitely continuing to improve and so I see that as a possibility in a matter of years, not this year, that will be have those metrics. So, we don't have a specific target to share with you at this point, but I expect to be higher than last year and I expect it to continue to improve. As the installed base of our growth continues to grow and add cash. Today, we do carry construction debt that's not yet yielding. But relative to the base, the base is increasing every year significantly in this moment that we are in. So, yes, I think that's very possible, but I don't have a specific date to share with you at this point.
Andres Gluski: One thing I'd like to add, as we exit countries and as we're investing primarily in long-term contracted with investment grade off takers in renewables, or our U.S. utilities, which also with this transformation are moving more towards a transmission rate base. The quality of our cash flow continues to improve. So, it's not only a question of the metrics, which as Steve said are improving, but the quality of that cash flow or how it's seen by credit rating agencies is improving as well. So, on both sides, we feel very good about it.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, and actually, I guess we'll keep going here because I have just that reminds me of another topic really here. Keep in mind that 80% of our debt is nonrecourse to the parent, and nearly all of that is amortizing investment grade rated subsidiary debt. So, it's a very high quality structure, and the agencies are seeing that. So, I think this, both the quantified metrics as I've mentioned as well as Andres said in the quality and looking at the debt structures, amortizing investment grade, it's a very, very robust, healthy structure.
Antoine Aurimond: Got it. Yes, that makes sense guys. I guess on that note, with 85% of the CapEx going towards U.S. based businesses, where do you see the geographical mix trending towards the end of the time period?
Steve Coughlin: End of the time period, like 2027 you're speaking?
Antoine Aurimond: Yes, yes.
Steve Coughlin: Okay. Look, I'd say we can I think there's a transformation in terms of, we're moving more towards U.S. dollar based investment grade off takers? So, yes, there's going to be heavier weighting towards the U.S. We do have opportunities to serve the same type of clients outside the U.S., with your investment grade dollar contracts, many times with the same, with the same client. So, if we serve hyperscalers in the U.S. and they want the same services, say, in Chile or in Mexico, then we can service. And that is a competitive advantage we have.
Antoine Aurimond: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And then, I guess, so you mentioned more sort of quality of megawatt versus this is just volume. We're going to do, what 3.6 gigs this year. How should we think about that number evolving? Assuming it's still going to increase, but I guess you mentioned more quality, right? So what's sort of like that number fast forward a couple years?
Andres Gluski: Look, when I put it this way, we have a backlog of more than 12 gigawatts of signed PPAs we have to deliver. The majority of that will be within the period of by 2027. So, that gives you -- that that's a guaranteed build out that we have to do over the next three years. So, over time, assuming we're signing somewhere about 4.5, 5.5 gigawatts of new PPAs, those numbers have to converge. Unless, we grow the number of megawatt, PPAs that we're signing, and then it'll take a little bit more time to converge. But given -- that gives you sort of the run rate. Yes. We'll be 4 plus in coming years just from the backlog we have today, and expect that to grow over time past that period of time of 2027.
Antoine Aurimond: Yes, that makes sense. Okay, great. Well, Andres, thank you so much.
Andres Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thank you. Maybe back on the utility side of things, it's great to see all that load growth opportunity coming. When do you think you'd have an opportunity to relook at the CapEx outlook? And then at a high level, how do you think about financing, upsides in the utility CapEx trajectory?
Andres Gluski: Yes, hey, David. Good morning. So, as we are looking through the details of the timing of what we've recently signed, we'll flesh that out in our planning process, in the second-half of this year and bake that into our update of guidance for the beginning of next year. So, definitely, I would see in the long-term horizon that we have out there through '27, this will start to come into play in the capital plan, but our funding plan, I don't expect to change at all. We have really done well on our asset sale plan. We are two-thirds of the way through, after only 18 months on a five year plan. We've got a lot of flexibility there. We have partnership capital. So, there is no shortage of capital to invest in the utility growth here. It's a very attractive profile. And so, I see it becoming material, but I see it within the funding plan that we've already released through '27.
David Arcaro: Got it. That's really helpful. Thanks for that. And then, just appreciate the comments on the supply chain outlook on the renewable side. I was just curious if I could get your sense, like how much line of sight do you have right now for that domestic supply in 2026, just as we think about navigating some of the tariffs on solar panels and battery storage? How are you feeling right now in terms of the line of sight for both of those supply chains?
Andres Gluski: Well, we're feeling very good. And what I would say is, as we've mentioned, we have everything we need for this year, for 2024, and most of you know, vast majority of what we want for 2025. And then, we have signed agreement with domestic suppliers for starting in 2026. So, we feel very good about our ability to execute, deliver on our backlog in the U.S. And I would say that again, to date, we have not had to postpone or abandon any material project in our pipeline over the last five years. So, compared to what happened to supply chains with COVID, this is much more predictable. So, we feel very good about it. And basically, we're again going to make that switch to domestic supply starting in 2026.
David Arcaro: Okay, great, understood. Thanks so much.
Andres Gluski: Thank you.
Steve Coughlin: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: The next question comes from [Feeney Shea] (ph) with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Thanks very much for taking my question. So, I guess just first quickly on renewable execution, really great to see the guidance update in terms of EBITDA with tax attributes. I guess, could you maybe just talk about, given the backlog, the PPA signing cadence, the ability to bring projects online, how does your EBITDA excluding tax attribute would trend, I guess given where it is now year-to-date? Seems a little light, but just wanted to see how should we think about it going deeper into the year? Thanks.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, good morning. Thanks. So, we do have a significant upside in our tax credits as I mentioned in my remarks, primarily that's driven by -- we're qualifying for more energy communities than originally anticipated. And we also have seen the valuation of our tax attributes, particularly through transfers, be valued at a higher level. What's important, as I've always emphasized is that these are cash. It's a very attractive profile. This is not just earnings, but it's cash coming in, which is a very early return of a significant amount of capital 30% up to 50%. So, we're really, really pleased with this upside. There are a few other upsides in EBITDA as well. So, we have had higher margins and higher dispatch in our gas business in the Dominican Republic. We've also continued to drive efficiency and productivity in our renewables and utilities businesses where we're very focused on growth. And in fact, growing those businesses is actually costing less than we anticipated. So, we see favorability in costs going through EBITDA this year. So, as you caught on, there has been an offset to that, and it's what I mentioned in my remarks, which is primarily the Columbia outage. It was a record amount of flooding and inflow that took the units out for all of the month of June and the first part of July. So, that unfortunately did offset and is a negative driver to EBITDA this year. And then, the other, and I think we mentioned this, we did have a very low wind resource in Brazil, more so in the first quarter, but that also had impacted our EBITDA this year. So, we have some offsets, but overall really pleased with the growth, the cash-driven growth, and that we continue to be even more efficient in our renewables and utilities growth machines.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. No, that's very helpful. I guess second, we noticed a comment on being able to bring the majority of the backlog online by 2027. I guess with this year, 2024, a targeted 3.6 gigawatts of new projects online, could you talk about the cadence on bringing new projects online -- just on this front, from this year through 2027, and what kind of lumpiness should we expect coming out of it?
Andres Gluski: Yes, well, I think we've very much smoothed out the cadence of bringing projects online. At the beginning where we were ramping up very fast, in fact, last year we grew 100% the number of projects we're bringing online. So, this year we're able to manage it much better in the sense that it's almost about half is being done in the first-half, and the third quarter is going to be quite heavy as well. So, the cadence is going to be much more even throughout the year, as again, the growth rate is not 100% in one year, and obviously it will increase because again, we have to deliver 12.6% over the next three years. And so, most of that is it gets your numbers closer to four. So, we feel very good about the cadence. The biggest challenge was to ramp up 100%, and we did that, and we actually did all of our projects that we needed to get done last year on time.
Unidentified Analyst: That's great. Really appreciate the colors from both. Thanks.
Andres Gluski: Thank you.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, good morning.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Yes. Hey, Andres. A couple of questions, I know there's been some on the utility growth, but 50% plus load growth seems pretty eye-popping, and I'm just curious, like, how you're feeling about the supply side and ability to serve that. Like, for example, if I just look at, you have an AES Indiana, I don't know, I mean, there's like a planned conversion, and then a handful of renewables, and a lot of load growth coming. And then, obviously, in Ohio, you have less control over the supply, and we got a data point on that earlier this week. I guess, yes, just how explosive load growth, how are you feeling about the ability for generation to serve that in those two states?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Look, that's a great question. This is going to be timed over the years, so it's not like all at once we have to deliver this in the next two years. So, it represents opportunities, definitely, for additional generation. And as I've been saying in my remarks a good part of that's going to come from renewables. Some of that increased demand may come from gas in some locations. So, definitely all of this is we feel it will get done, and the solution will be different in MISO or PJM, there will be differences, and it'll be different between the two utilities, in terms of one of them will involve more direct securing the generation itself. So, this will pan out, but it's a very good question, because yes, there is quite a high number of growth. It represents a great opportunity, but we wouldn't have said it if we didn't know how this could be served.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would just add to Andres' point in Indiana, where generation will be part of the solution keep in mind, we have multiple existing gas sites. So, we have the conversion at Petersburg, but we also have space for additional gas at Eagle Valley, at Harding Street, and at the Georgetown site. So, we are seeing the whole package being able to support datacenter growth there. In Ohio, of course, you mentioned that that's a distribution transmission. We have a very attractive area for datacenters, our service territory is quite large, a lot of available cheap land, very centrally located to fiber networks and data load, accessible water. So, it is a very appealing area. You can see from the -- I think you're referring to the PJM capacity auction, was quite high, demonstrating how significant demand has increased. But within PJM, I think our territory in Western Ohio is one of the most attractive areas, if not the most.
Michael Sullivan: Yes, appreciate all that Color. Just to follow up on that last point this came up on some of your peers' calls, but any appetite from your standpoint to own regulated generation in Ohio, and what could that look like if it turns out that this can't be done through competitive markets?
Andres Gluski: Yes, look, right now we have no appetite for generation in Ohio directly, but again, this represents opportunities for our renewables team. So, I would say stay tuned, but certainly we feel that these targets can be met, but again realize this is going to happen over time, as Steve had said in his comments.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. And then, just one more, over to like the renewable side, I think since the last call we had the Brazil asset sale announcement, should we just think about that as fully embedded in your longer-term guidance, or is there like more additions than expected that are going to kind of backfill that in terms of the longer-term growth?
Andres Gluski: No, that's already embedded in our guidance.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, both this year and obviously the long-term Brazil exit is included in our numbers.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thank you.
Andres Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Willard Grainger with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Willard Grainger: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Can you hear me?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Good morning.
Willard Grainger: Thanks for taking my question. Just maybe one, with the results of the PJM capacity auction coming out this week and just directionally higher power prices and projects coming out of the queue for next year, just how are you thinking about the cadence of your development pipeline? And any color on that would be super helpful. Thank you.
Andres Gluski: Look, we have been saying, again, for several years that we were seeing shortages developing, just looking at the corporate demand, especially for renewables, and the ability of suppliers to ramp up to meet that demand. So, to some extent, what is happening in the market is what we expected. This is not going to make any difference to our plans. Again, we have contracts, we have sites, we've already locked in financing, et cetera. So, equipment prices, so it doesn't make any change to our plans. What it does, I think, signal is the value of our existing assets are going to go up as this shortages materialize. So, no effect in the, generally, in the shorter term, but in the longer term, it means that our assets are more valuable, and to some extent, it's what we've been planning for. So, it's not, of course, a specific option, we don't intend to be clairvoyant, but the general direction of the market that's unfolding is what we expected.
Willard Grainger: I appreciate the color there. Most of my questions have been answered. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Andres Gluski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So, I have lots of questions. So, first, maybe in this low interest rate environment, I'm just, I'm actually wondering. So, first, again, so does that actually help further boost the profitability of the projects that are yet to be built? Meaning, I mean, you have embedded certain assumptions about interest rates for like construction financing, for cost of debt, et cetera. So, do I get actually an incremental benefit now that we're seeing seemingly in a lower interest rate environment?
Steve Coughlin: So, Angie, this is Steve. Good morning. So, look, we can't have it both ways. So, we have, as I've often talked about, a very low risk way of executing, which means we lock in almost all of our costs when we sign our PPAs, including hedging the long-term financing. So, for anything that we've signed, we're pretty much, we've baked in the price of that financing. But on a go-forward basis, look, lower interest rates are a good thing. They reduce the cost of new infrastructure, and so reduce the cost to the customer. So, overall, I think it's a further catalyst to demand and will help the whole sector. But we maintain a low risk structure in the way we execute.
Andres Gluski: Obviously, we are highly contracted for future cash flows. So, lower interest rates means a lower discount rate. It means those cash flows are worth more. But the benefits on a sort of new contract basis will be for new contracts being signed, but not for the backlog.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. So, then, changing topics, so those emission reduction targets or renewable power targets for hyperscalers, so obviously, here are those points that they're making, but I also see a number of these datacenters being developed on very coal-heavy grids, like Kentucky and Mississippi. I mean, and then the utilities that are on the other side of those transactions are basically saying that hyperscalers have eventual targets for emission reductions or carbon goals. But they're happy with just absorbing carbon-heavy power early on and then dealing with that carbon footprint later. So, how does that tie into this pitch that, in a sense, they have to just procure renewable power when, again, when we have these instances where they're just going for large quantities of available power, largely regardless of the carbon footprint?
Andres Gluski: That's a great question. The way I would put it is their preference is renewable power. Right? So basically, you're talking about situations where they have no other alternative. So, they're not happy to suck up coal power from the grid. They basically will either have offsets with a VPP or by RECs, and quite frankly, in most cases, will require that renewables come online in the future. So, you have to put it like this is the last alternative. And so, obviously, if you have a datacenter, the most important thing is to have power. So, if you have no other alternative, you will not go for renewables. But they do have the renewables goals, and they do want that power to be as low carbon as possible. So, that's in terms of the demand. Now, let's look at the supply. If you look at what's in the interconnection queue, almost all of it is renewables, if you include batteries. So, the fact is what can get built, let's say, over the next five years, for sure, is going to be very heavily weighted towards renewables. As Steve mentioned, you have to combine these in the lowest carbon way possible. And if that means adding some gas plants, that will be done. But I think that the direction is clear, because I remember you on one call said that it's all going to be nuclear. And I kind of laughed, we both laughed and said, tell me what the price of an SMR is? How can we sign a PPA with embedding nuclear? Second of all, the regulatory hurdles to bringing on nuclear are still very significant. And we really don't have price certainty on it. So, renewables are going to be the bulk of that add-on. That's what they want. Again, yes, they will make deals for the short run if that's the only alternative. But it's not their preferred route.
Angie Storozynski: No, I understand. But again, I obviously hear your point, yes. It's just that I'm wondering if renewable power is more like a source of basically carbon-free credit, or is it the source of energy? Because again, one could argue that the datacenters are basically using traditional thermal power for the supply of energy. And then, renewables, again, just offset the carbon footprint. And I'm not sure if that's actually bad or good. I'm debating it myself; it depends on my question. But I'm just again.
Andres Gluski: Yes, I think it depends on the client, quite frankly. Some clients are much more stringent. Some clients actually want hourly-matched renewables. Some clients require additionality. Most of them require additionality. So, it's not just one-size-fits-all. I think the renewable standards will differ among them. But the direction is very clear. So, I don't see anybody sort of walking away from it at this point. And quite to the contrary, they're under pressure a lot because as they ramp up very significantly their datacenters and they're taking some power which is not renewable, their total carbon footprint goes up, and that's something that they've had to address. So, I would say that, yes, they're being pragmatic. But in terms of their goals and desires, those remain unchanged. And it's not uniform across all of them. It's not one-size-fits-all.
Angie Storozynski: And then lastly, you have this page where you mention all of these additional transactions you've entered into with hyperscalers. So, is this co-location? Is it that this is sort of a set of assets located at least in the same sort of zone, like say in PJM or again, I'm just -- I'm not trying to be facetious here? But I'm just wondering, so is this power really directly feeding into these hyperscalers? Or is it just like being commingled with other power and it's, again, this sort of a carbon attribute as opposed to the energy?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So, I'll just add on to what Andre said. So, in almost all these cases, even you're talking about, Angie, not to say, yes, these are resulting in renewable PPAs, some cases in the same location or nearby locations, and others where they're focused on time to power going to the grid, but then also contracting for renewables perhaps further away. Most of what we are doing is I would say you would call more of a co-location regionally where we're supplying energy, including most of what we signed recently in the same grid and relatively close to the datacenter. So, that is by and large what we've seen most looking for. But when time to power is, of course, a priority, they're looking for alternatives. But the great thing is that in all cases, the additionality of renewables, whether it's direct or through RECs, is a top demand from these customers.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then, lastly, so what happens, for example, with AES Ohio now that we have this pickup in capacity prices, most of the energy prices will follow. I mean, this is a wires only business. Are you concerned about the impact on electric bills and affordability and how that might suppress any sort of a T&D investment?
Andres Gluski: I would say, look, first, we have the lowest rates in the state. So, we're starting off from the best position of anybody. Second, realize that our new additional growth, these are people who, again, the most important thing is to find a good location and to have the power and the other services that they need. So, that does not concern me in terms of, let's say, saying, well, this growth will not happen because the capacity prices went up. And as I've said before, to some extent, not this particular auction, not the extent of this one-time jump. But we had been expecting this. So, this is not something that's like out of left field and we have to scramble. We have been talking about, and you can hear from all our earnings calls, and we've been saying, look, there's going to be a shortage. And returns are going to improve over time. And so, directionally, this is very much what we expected.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you. Thanks.
Andres Gluski: All right. Thanks, Angie.
Operator: The next question comes from Biju Perincheril with SIG. Please go ahead.
Biju Perincheril: Yes, thanks for taking my question. A question on domestic content bonus, can you talk about when your projects might -- when you're targeting your projects to be eligible for that and maybe the implications for your returns? And if you could talk to separately the solar and storage projects, that would be great. And then, I have a follow-up.
Andres Gluski: Okay. So, first, I'd say in terms of domestic content, in terms of our wind project, those already meet the criteria. Remember, it's a criteria based on the total cost of the project, the different components. In terms of solar panels, again, we expect to be meeting that by 2026. In terms of batteries, our main supplier is Fluence, and they should be meeting that, quite frankly, starting in 2025. So, all together we feel very good about meeting domestic content requirements. And then, there are other things like trackers, inverters, et cetera, that we've been working on as well. So, I think the team's done a very good job to combine the various assets such that they do meet the domestic content criteria. So, it's not one-size-fits-all. It's like what's available and if you have wind, it may be greater. If you have, say, solar panels, it may be lesser, but you put it together and the total meets it. So, we feel very good about that meeting the domestic content criteria.
Steve Coughlin: And I would just add, keep in mind that the adder is across the entire capital cost of the project once you meet the threshold for the certain components that have to be domestically sourced. So, it's a 10% across not just those components, but the whole thing, which is really attractive.
Andres Gluski: Yes. And we have no trouble meeting things like prevailing wage, et cetera.
Steve Coughlin: Right.
Andres Gluski: So again, the team's been working very hard on this, and we feel that we're very well positioned.
Biju Perincheril: And is your expectation that you would be able to retain most of that or you would have to pass along that in terms of PPA pricing, just trying to understand the impact to your returns?
Andres Gluski: Again, I think it's on a case-by-case basis. It depends on the demand supply in the particular market. So, --
Biju Perincheril: Okay.
Andres Gluski: I think the best answer would be shared. And then, the vision of spoils will depend on the particular circumstances.
Biju Perincheril: Got it. My follow-up was -- and we talked about a lot about sort of time to power. So, for renewables projects, can you talk about sort of the advantages or what you bring to the table specifically from a technology perspective? I think last quarter you sort of talked about DLR and batteries and that almost that or there are other solutions that you could bring to the table in terms of addressing that concern for your end customers.
Andres Gluski: Yes, we really look at this sort of holistically and we tend to co-create with the client. Say, look, what do you want? And then we'll bring the technologies to bear. We don't come and say, look, we have this really neat widget. This is what you should buy. Now, given the new technologies I really do feel that we've been a leader in this. So, in everything from we did invent lithium ion -- the use of lithium-ion batteries for grid stability. We started that 14 years ago. We do have the biggest dynamic line rating project in the country. Fluence is doing a number of very innovative things to use batteries to be able to get more use out of existing transmission lines. We also were the first to do hourly matched 24/7 long-term contracts for hyperscaler clients. So, we continue to do that. And with Uplight, there's a number of VPP facilities that's well-managed -- energy management. And finally, I think Maximo is a great example of we are thinking about the future. One of the constraints, and I am sure you've heard it, was like labor force for building solar projects. And the fact is you have lift 65 pound today solar panels. In heavy heat the restrictions, crews can only work six hours for example. And it takes a very strong individual to be able to do this task at all. So, with Maximo this really allows us, first, to do it much more quickly. You can work three shifts even in terrible weather or hot weather conditions. In addition to that, we don't have to be particularly physically strong to do it. You have to be able to supervise the robot. So, Maximo is an example of how we would bring projects online faster and also with cost at damages as well. So, this is the first step. We are starting to use it. Next year, we will be ramping up. But after that, we can see a fleet Maximo out there, which would give us a competitive advantage. In other words, that we could bring -- we wouldn't say it's labor shortages, because we can hire a much broader universe of individuals. We can work in three shifts in all weather conditions. And we can quite frankly do it faster and better. So, that's another example. So, again, I think our AES Next and our views on technology have been really industry leading.
Biju Perincheril: Okay. Thank you.
Andres Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Those were the questions we have time for today. And so, I'll turn the call back to Susan for any closing remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you. And have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our call. And you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the AES Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Financial Review call. My name is Elliot and I'll be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to hand over to Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations. The floor is yours. Please go ahead.
Susan Harcourt: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today we will be making forward looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are disclosed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial review call. Today I will discuss our 2023 strategic and financial performance. Steve Coughlin, our CFO, will discuss our financial results and outlook in more detail shortly. Beginning on slide three, 2023 was our best year ever as we met or exceeded all of our strategic and financial objectives, including signing a record of 5.6 gigawatts of new PPAs, putting us well on track to achieve 14 to 17 gigawatts of new signings through 2025, completing 3.5 gigawatts of construction, exceeding the target we laid out and doubling our additions compared to 2022, delivering adjusted EBITDA of $2.8 billion in the top end of our guidance range and adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes of $3.4 billion, achieving adjusted EPS of $1.76 and parent-free cash flow of just over $1 billion, both beyond the top end of our guidance ranges, and realizing asset sales proceeds of $1.1 billion, significantly above our target of $400 million to $600 million. Turning to slide four, despite the backdrop of rising interest rates and supply chain challenges across the sector, we demonstrated that our business model is strong, resilient, and well-positioned. Demand across the sector has never been stronger, and in this context, I'm pleased to announce that we are raising our expected annual growth rate for adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS. We now expect our adjusted EBITDA to grow at an annual rate of 5% to 7% and adjusted EPS to grow at 7% to 9%, both through 2027. We are also reaffirming all of our other existing guidance. I can definitely say that I have never felt better about the outlook for this business. Turning to power purchase agreement signings on slide five, we signed 5.6 gigawatts of new PPAs in 2023, more than any other year in our company's 43-year history, putting us well on track to sign 14 to 17 gigawatts of new renewable contracts from 2023 through 2025. Today, our backlog of projects with signed PPAs is 12.3 gigawatts, the vast majority of which will be commissioned over the next three years. It is worthwhile to note that all of the projects in our contracted backlog remain on track for timely completion, consistent with our historical performance. Moving to slide six, I'd like to highlight that the largest segment of our new business is with corporate customers. In fact, in 2023, nearly 60% of the 3.5 gigawatts of projects we brought online were to serve corporate customers and large technology companies in particular. Bloomberg New Energy Finance has consistently named AES as one of the top two providers of renewable energy to corporations worldwide, and our business continues to expand, particularly given our focus on serving the power needs from data centers which are powering the rapid growth of AI. We are well positioned to serve this customer segment for a number of reasons. First, we have been on the forefront of working directly with these technology companies to provide innovative solutions to achieve specific renewable energy profiles. Back in 2021, we were the first company to introduce hourly match renewable energy, and today we are working with all of the hyperscale data center companies to provide solutions that are tailored for their renewable energy and sustainability goals. Second, we have a strong track record of delivering our projects on time, on budget, while meeting the unique needs of our customers, which I will cover in more detail momentarily. Our record of reliability is something that is increasingly recognized and valued by our customers. And third, we have the scale and the pipeline to address growing demand from data centers, which is estimated to more than double by 2030. With over 50 gigawatts of projects in our development pipeline and advanced interconnection queue positions in the most relevant markets in the U.S., we are particularly well positioned to meet the energy demand of technology customers. Turning to slide seven, our success with corporate customers combined with our improved efficiency in development and construction have increased the returns that we have seen across our renewable portfolio. As a result, we are upping our U.S. return ranges by 200 basis points to 12% to 15% on a levered after-tax cash basis. We are seeing even higher returns internationally. With strong market demand in AES's leading position, we are able to be increasingly selective about the projects we build with a focus on those with the best overall financial benefits. Next, turning to construction on slide eight, our ability to complete projects on time and on budget has become a major differentiator for AES. Not only is this something that our customers highly value, but it is also a pillar of our business model and ensures that our realized financial returns are on average equal to or better than our projections. At the time of PPA signings, we lock in contractual arrangements for all major equipment, EPC, and long-term financing, which we hedge to ensure no interest rate exposure. At the same time, we systematically embed flexibility in our supply chain to safeguard against a variety of scenarios. We also have a multi-year strategic arrangement with top suppliers, including Fluence, who we see as having the most competitive product in the industry. More than half of our solar projects in recent years have co-located storage components, and our relationship with Fluence helped us to have the best on-time project completion rate in the industry. In 2024, we feel very confident in our ability to add 3.6 gigawatts of new projects, including 2.2 gigawatts in the U.S. We currently have 100% of the major equipment for these projects contractually secured and nearly 80% already on site. Now turning to our utilities, beginning on slide nine. In 2023, we achieved important milestones at our U.S. utilities that will drive future growth, continue decarbonization, and improvement in customer service. At AES Ohio, we put in place a new regulatory framework, and at AES Indiana, we reached a unanimous settlement for our first-rate case since 2018. As a result, investments are on track for the rate-based growth in the high teens at both utilities, and we now have close to 70% of our planned investments through 2027 already approved in regulatory orders. Turning to slide 10. At AES Ohio, we are embarking on the largest investment program that this utility has ever seen, which includes the expansion and enhancement in our transmission assets. With over 25% rate-based growth per year, this is one of the fastest transmission growth rates in the country. We also recently filed for regulatory approval of the second phase of our smart grid plan, which upgrades our grid to improve service quality and customer experience. Turning to slide 11. At AES Indiana, we continue to invest to improve service quality and greener generation mix. I am happy to say that we now have regulatory approval for the build-out of all named renewable projects at AES Indiana, encompassing 106 megawatts of wind, 445 megawatts of solar, and 245 megawatts of energy storage. As we continue to invest in our customer experience, service quality, and sustainability at both of our U.S. utilities, two core principles have guided our growth plan. First is customer affordability as we address much-needed investments. We currently have the lowest residential rate in both states, which we expect to maintain throughout this period of growth. And second is to prioritize the timely recovery of our investments through existing mechanisms and programs. Across both utilities, we now anticipate approximately 75% of the growth capital to be deployed under such mechanisms, which substantially reduces regulatory lag. Finally, turning to slide 12. Last year, we set an asset sale proceeds target of 400 million to 600 million. We greatly exceeded this range with 1.1 billion of gross proceeds. These transactions not only put a high valuation marker on our businesses, but also put us well on our way towards achieving our asset sales goal of $2 billion through 2025 and $3.5 billion through 2027. Our success this past year provides us with a cushion, and we expect 2024 to be another strong year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss our 2023 results and capital allocation, our 2024 guidance, and our updated expectations through 2027. As Andres mentioned, 2023 was AES's best year on record as we met or exceeded all of our strategic and financial targets. We beat our adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.65 to $1.75 and our parent-free cash flow guidance range of $950 million to $1 billion. We also recorded strong adjusted EBITDA well above the midpoint of our inaugural guidance range of $2.6 billion to $2.9 billion. Turning to slide 14, full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes was $3.4 billion versus $3.2 billion in 2022, driven primarily by contributions from new renewables projects, as well as the recovery of prior year's purchase power costs at AES Ohio included as part of the ESP4 settlement. These drivers were partially offset by lower contributions from the energy infrastructure SBU. Turning to slide 15, adjusted EPS was $1.76 in 2023 versus $1.67 in 2022. Drivers were similar to those for adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes. In addition, there was a $0.06 headwind from parent interest on higher debt balances primarily used to fund new renewables projects. I'll cover our results in more detail over the next four slides, beginning with the Renewable Strategic Business Unit or SBU on slide 16. Higher adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes at our renewables SBU was primarily driven by contributions from the 3.5 gigawatts of new projects that came online in 2023, as well as higher margins in Columbia, but partially offset by the sell down of select U.S. renewable operating assets. At our utilities SBU, higher adjusted PTC was primarily driven by the recovery of prior year's purchase power costs at AES Ohio included as part of the ESP4 settlement, as well as rate-based growth in the U.S. Lower adjusted EBITDA at our energy infrastructure SBU reflects significant LNG transaction margins in 2022, lower margins in Chile, and the sale of a minority interest in our Southland combined cycle assets. These drivers were partially offset by the higher revenues recognized from the accelerated monetization of the PPA at our Warrior Run coal plant. Finally, at our new energy technologies SBU, higher adjusted EBITDA reflects improved results at Fluence, which achieves positive adjusted EBITDA in their fiscal fourth quarter of 2023. Fluence also guided to positive adjusted EBITDA for their full fiscal year 2024. Now let's turn to how we allocated our capital last year on slide 20. Beginning on the left-hand side, Sources reflect $3 billion of total discretionary cash. This includes parent-free cash flow of just over $1 billion, which increased nearly 11% from the prior year to just above the top end of our guidance. We also significantly surpassed our asset sale target with $750 million in net asset sales proceeds to the AES parent after subsidiary level debt repayment, reinvestment, and taxes. And we issued $900 million of parent debt in May of last year. Moving to Uses on the right-hand side, we invested more than $2.1 billion in growth at our subsidiary, of which approximately two-thirds was in the U.S. We also allocated more than $500 million of discretionary cash to our dividends. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with our financial performance throughout 2023. Now let's turn to our guidance and expectations, beginning on slide 21. Today, we're initiating 2024 adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes guidance of $3.6 billion to $4 billion, driven by over $500 million in contributions from new renewables projects and from rate-based growth at our U.S. utilities. We have also incorporated a $200 million partially offsetting impact from asset sales we either closed in 2023 or plan to close this year. Excluding the $1 billion in tax attributes we expect to recognize in 2024, adjusted EBITDA is expected to be $2.6 billion to $2.9 billion. The increase in tax attributes versus the prior year is partially due to our continued use of tax credit transfers, which results in earlier recognition of tax credit than typical tax equity structures. In addition, last year's increase in new project completions will drive higher tax attribute recognition in 2024. As a reminder, we will recognize approximately one-third of tax attributes generated on 2023 projects in the 2024 fiscal year. Looking beyond this year, our head start on asset sales gives us greater visibility toward our longer-term growth and puts downward pressure on our capital budget. We expect EBITDA to increase each year through the remainder of our long-term guidance period. Turning to slide 22, we expect 2024 adjusted EPS of $1.87 to $1.97, which represents a 9% increase year-over-year and puts us on track to achieve our 7% to 9% long-term growth target through 2025. Growth will be primarily driven by our renewables and utilities businesses and will be partially offset by higher parent interest. We also expect an 8% headwind from asset sales. Our construction program this year is more evenly spread than in recent years. As a result, we expect approximately 40% of our earnings to be recognized in the first half of the year and 60% in the second half. And we will have greater visibility throughout the year into our expected construction completion. Turning to slide 23, as Andres mentioned, our very strong market position in providing tailored solutions to corporate clients, including large data centers, has allowed us to realize higher returns on our renewable’s projects. In addition, as our renewables business continues to scale, we anticipate further realization of productivity and scale benefits. Based on these factors and our 2023 results, we now expect AES's U.S. renewables returns to be in the 12% to 15% range. These higher returns in the U.S., along with productivity benefits, are directly accreted to our earnings and cash flow, and as a result, we are increasing our expected long-term adjusted EBITDA growth rate to 5% to 7% and our long-term adjusted EPS growth rate to 7% to 9% through 2027 off of base of our 2023 guidance midpoint. Now, turning to our 2024 parent capital allocation plan on slide 24, beginning with approximately $3.1 billion of Sources on the left-hand side. Parent free cash flow for 2024 is expected to be around $1.05 billion to $1.15 billion. We expect to generate $900 million to $1.1 billion of net asset sale proceeds this year. By the end of this year, we expect to be more than halfway toward the $3.5 billion gross asset sales target we announced on our third quarter earnings call. Although we expect an increase of approximately $1 billion of parent debt this year, our business is well insulated from changes in interest rates. Our new projects are funded primarily with fixed rate or long-term hedged self-amortizing debt with tenors similar to the length of our PPAs, and more than 80% of our outstanding debt is non-recourse to AES Corp. Our exposure from floating rates and future issuances is managed with nearly $8 billion in outstanding hedging. Looking at the impact of a 100 basis point shift in rates on our future issuances, refinancing’s and outstanding U.S. floating rate debt, we have only one penny of EPS exposure from interest rates in 2024. Now to the Uses on the right-hand side. We plan to invest approximately $2.6 billion in new growth, of which about 85% will be allocated to growing our renewables portfolio and utility rate base. More than 90% of this will be directed into the U.S., with the remainder going to growth projects in Chile and Panama. We expect to allocate approximately $500 million to our shareholder dividend, which reflects the previously announced 4% increase. Turning to slide 25, our long-term sources of parent capital through 2027 reflect the accelerated asset sales target we introduced on our third quarter call. We also expect higher organic cash generation as a result of our increased long-term growth rates. As a reminder, we will not issue any new equity until 2026 at the earliest, and we'll only do so in a way that creates value on a per share basis. Now to slide 26. Uses through 2027 reflect more than $7 billion of investment in our subsidiaries, primarily to grow our renewables and utilities businesses. We also expect to allocate more than $2 billion to our dividend. Given our surplus of attractive investment opportunities and our desire to minimize equity issuance as a source of capital, we now expect to grow our dividend at 2% to 3% annually beyond 2024. We believe this provides an optimal balance between an already attractive dividend yield and strong earnings and cash flow growth throughout our planned period. In summary, 2023 was an extraordinary year for AES. We demonstrated our ability to adapt to the current market and execute on our growth commitments while we further advanced our competitive position. As we continue to perfect and scale our renewables machine, we expect to have another record year in 2024 and to deliver on our now higher long-term growth target. We have positioned AES to achieve our strategic priorities and grow our business in a way that's highly value accretive to our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, 2023 was our best year ever as we met or exceeded all of our strategic and financial objectives across our guidance metrics, PPA signings, construction completions, and asset sales. We are seeing strong demand for renewables across the sector, particularly due to the unprecedented demand from data centers. As a result, we are not only upping our U.S. project return ranges, but increasing our expected average annual growth rates for adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share through 2027. Finally, our significant success with asset sales to date, as well as the outlook for the near future, gives us great comfort in our long-term funding plans. With that, I would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nick Campanella with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions today and appreciate all the update. I guess you originally had a 3% to 5% EBITDA target when you put out that analyst day range. Then I guess the EBITDA guidance that you gave today for fiscal 2024 does seem to just be a bit flat versus that growth outlook. Is that just from the timing of asset sales? Could you just help clarify what's driving that?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Hey, Nick. It's Steve. That's right. It's primarily because we're ahead on the asset sale target significantly from 2023. We had the $1.1 billion versus the $400 to $600 guidance. That's why the asset sale drag, as there's a lag to when we redeploy the capital and it's yielding again, is about $200 this year. A little higher than what we would have anticipated a year ago. Overall, good news for the [Technical Difficulty] but it is offsetting the growth that's coming from the rate base and utilities in the renewables projects. That's right.
Nicholas Campanella: That's helpful. Then just on asset sales, to the extent that you're continuing to be successful here and doing more versus what you have in this plan, is there room to offset that $1 billion apparent debt issuance? Does that change at all? Where exactly is there flexibility in this plan today from your perspective? Then could you just also update us on where your leverage targets are and your minimums in this new plan? Thanks.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Definitely. The investment grade is a top priority. We designed the plan to meet the investment grade targets that we have. We built cushion into the metrics themselves, but also keep in mind that the quality and the duration of the cash flows in the business is transitioning dramatically. We're going to a much longer duration, average duration of contracts, more than -- is 20-year contracts. This is Clean Energy, no carbon risk. These are U.S. dollar contracts with large corporates, many of which are data center customers, big tech companies, very high-quality credit. It's both the solid credit metrics as well as the quality and profile of the cash flows that's evolving. We don't count on that when sizing the new debt. We count on the metrics, but the quality is improving as well. In terms of levers, the asset sale target is, as it's always been, has multiple ways that it can be achieved. There's some conservatism built in over the total. We have fully anticipated any temporal dilutive impacts in the numbers that we've given, as I said, but there is some flex there as needed. On the debt side, the investment grade is a top priority.
Nicholas Campanella: Alright. I'll leave it there. I really appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: We now turn to David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: Great. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions. I wanted to dig in a little bit on the higher return levels that you're projecting here. Was there something that sparked it? Any kind of catalyst that has pushed you up in terms of the higher return levels in the renewables business? You've been in a higher interest rate environment, obviously, for a while, higher PPA price environment for a while. Is it more the mix of end customers that you're selling to now?
Andres Gluski: David, I'd say it's a combination of things. First and foremost is the returns that we are [Technical Difficulty] on prior PPAs that we signed. So that's the first. We are seeing that we're getting higher returns. Second, what is driving these higher returns? You may recall for some time, maybe like three years ago, starting three, four years ago, I started saying that in select markets, there would be really a shortage of good renewable projects. These are markets like California, like PJM, New York. What we started to do was position ourselves and actually enter the queue, buy land rights, etcetera, to have projects to be able to fulfill this. I think that part of it is in these select markets, you are starting to see the shortage of renewables that we had been seeing. I think this is something that will spread market to market. It's not going to be true for all markets. Out West, there's a lot of land. There's not that much demand, but in select markets, you will be seeing that. I think that's also part of the result is that we are positioned in the right markets. The third thing I would say is that we're becoming more efficient in our construction and in our development process. Stay tuned. I think that will continue to improve. Realize that 2021, you had a lot of supply chain disruptions. Those are well past us and we're really getting to optimize that. Based on our greater efficiency, what we're seeing is that we are getting higher returns. We've also positioned ourselves, this is about our fourth year, fifth year of really positioning ourselves with large corporate customers. Those corporate customers have very strong demand growing very quickly. If you ask me from a sector point of view, I think the real question is, can we meet the demand that they have for Clean Energy in all of these markets? By the way, I would add Chile is a similar market to California where there's a real shortage of projects. There's a very strong demand from our customers and that we're very well placed. This is not like a catalyst. We had several pieces which are played out as we expected them to play out.
Steve Coughlin: The only thing I would add, David, is that looking at 2023, what we signed up was well within that new updated range.
David Arcaro: Okay, thanks. That's good to hear. Then in terms of the higher growth rates that you've outlined today, wondering if we could just unpack that a little bit. Is that all coming from the renewables segment in terms of the higher returns that you're seeing or is the utilities business or energy infrastructure also experiencing higher EBITDA growth outlooks here?
Andres Gluski: What you have is both. I think there are two key segments. One is the utilities. We have some of the fastest growing utilities in the U.S. Second, yes, we are also seeing better returns in the renewable sector. The combination of those two is resulting in a faster growth rate.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Andres Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Cameron Lochridge: Hi there. Hey, thanks for taking my question. This is actually Cameron Lochridge on for Julian. I wanted to start just on the raised growth expectations. And kind of piggybacking on the last question, if I look at what you had planned for your EBITDA contributions across the different businesses, 45% renewables, 32% utilities, 23% energy infrastructure in 2027, how has that mix shifted as a reflection of this -- these raised expectations for growth?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So, I would say, I think the mix roughly be maybe a little bit more on the renewable side, we're seeing the higher returns. So maybe that's above the 45 50-ish. So, it's going to be higher on the renewables. I think the utilities, as Andres said, will be a little bit more of a share. On the energy infrastructure, we did communicate that, that was going to shrink as we execute on the coal exit plan. Although for just a handful of assets, we extended that to 2027. So that dilution from those coal exits, this is the smaller portion, will be spread out over more time, which overall, I think, is a good thing in terms of the -- in the financials as well. So a little more renewables, a little more utilities and then the energy infrastructure is shrinking a little bit less, but it's still in that same range.
Cameron Lochridge: Got it. And then just digging in on the renewables, just the cumulative capacity additions you guys have communicated, tripling the bag to 25 to 30 gigawatts of cumulative additions, is that still the case through 2027? Or is that bumped higher? Or is this purely just a function of returns improving? And then on that returns improving piece, how do we think about the bifurcation between, perhaps more ability to capitalize on IRA credits versus just true economic improvement vis-à-vis PPAs, pricing increasing. Just kind of help us unpack that a little bit.
Andres Gluski: Let me sort of give a big picture, and then I'll pass it off to Steve. Look, what we're going after, really, as I said in my script, is really going after those projects, which provide the best financial benefits. You've known me for a while, I've never gone for growth for growth's sake. So really, what we want to do is maximize shareholder value on a per share basis. So really, this is an upgrading of the quality of the growth, more than a greater numeric growth. Now I do think that it's very important to understand sort of what market segments we're in. We're in the corporate segment, but we're also very heavily into the data center segment. And this is something, again, we've been working on for many years. We have really very good relationships with key clients, and that is a demand that's growing very quickly. And certainly, that we don't mention in our speech, quite frankly, because it's very early times. But we're really going to go after artificial intelligence as an efficiency improvement in the company. And we have a big kickoff meeting that we're going to have in the next couple of months. But this is something I think we've taken in a very sort of strategic line. Inderpal Bhandari, who was the global Chief Data Officer for IBM until 2023 has just joined our Board, and somebody who is very knowledgeable in the area. We also have Janet Davidson, who's also a PhD in computer science. It's interesting. I mean, right now, with Inderpal, we have 5 PhDs on our Board, which has got to be one of the highest percentages in things that run from computer science to finance to economics of business. So that's what I wanted to put it in. What we're pursuing is returns, we're pursuing value per share. And I think we've been very systematic now for many years in positioning ourselves in a given sector and learning about and preparing ourselves for the new technologies which are coming. So, there's a lot of buzzwords of AI. Well, what's behind this is 5, 6 years of getting ourselves in a position to really utilize the data and have the understanding of the company. So, with that, I'll pass it off to Steve to answer the other parts of your question.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. No, I agree wholeheartedly that we're focused on cash returns, and that's primarily where the higher growth is coming from. You'll notice that it was really the EBITDA growth rate that ticked up the most. And so not really from tax credits. So, we had already talked about that about 40% of our pipeline was in energy communities that continues to be roughly the case. So, it's really from the cash generation of the assets that the increase in rates is coming up. And we're less focused on megawatts. So, it's roughly a similar amount of capital, maybe even a little bit lower. But if that means less megawatts, that's okay. We're focused on what are the best returns that we can get for our capital that's deployed. And that's cash based and not based on the credit.
Cameron Lochridge: Got it. Awesome, guys. Thank you very much.
Steve Coughlin: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey good morning, team. Thanks for giving me time. I just wanted to ask about the -- I want to ask you about the new projects, the 3.6 gigawatts to be added in 2024. I mean, obviously, you've done pretty well versus your own stated 5-gigawatt target, the renewable signing. You're doing 5.6, materially higher than 5 gigawatts. But why only like the level of gigawatts actually entering commercial operation is kind of flat to 2023? So just wondering if that's just related to project timing? Because I would have expected to materially tick up, just the new projects going here.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Hi, Durgesh. That's a good question. Look, 2023 was a dramatic year where we increased construction, 100%. And we've been saying, look, we're not going to grow it at 100% per year. Now we've been signing over 5 gigawatts a year of new PPAs. So eventually, these two have to somewhat converge. I mean, at some point, we have to be cutting the ribbon on around 5 gigawatts. But that's not going to happen likely next year, just because of the timing of some of the projects. We also have a developing transfer project as well, and that's not part of our backlog, but it's part of the signing. So that also is part of the reason for that. So -- this is not a signal of anything. It just has to be the particular timing of the projects that we have. And again, we feel this year, very good about commissioning them all on time and on budget. We have 100% of the major equipment already secured and 80% of it is on site, which is we've never been that good this early in the process. And I think another thing important that Steve said, this is going to be reflected in our earnings profile, whereas we were very back-end loaded last year because of this very rapid growth. As growth enters a more steady state, we're going to have 40% of our earnings in the first half and only 60% in the second half. So, this is something we also worked very hard to achieve. So qualitatively, we feel [Technical Difficulty] here is 2024, 2025, you're going to have a catch up to the amount of PPAs that we're signing.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thank you for that Andres. And then maybe, Steve, can I just go back to Nick's question earlier on credit metrics. Can you remind us where you’re ending FFO to debt in 2023 and then where are you projecting 2024 to be versus your credit downgrade thresholds? Thank you.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, I had no problem to guess. So we had a solid year end on the credit metrics. So our thresholds are at 20% FFO to debt and we were roughly at 22% approximately. We do keep atleast a very strong cushion that’s very healthy. And going forward that ratio is actually improving over time in our plan. So for the end of 2024 I would expect it to be at least at 22 if not a little bit higher that. So the leverage of the company overall, we do get a lot of questions about it, but it is important to keep in mind we have a recourse, not recourse structure. And particularly in the non-recourse debt this is amortizing debt. I think not everyone is doing it that way and so our project debt is really amortizing and it serves by the cash flows from the projects. The parent debt level is actually going to be, it will come up a little bit over the planned period, but not a lot. So, it's $4.5 billion now. And as I said in my comments on the slides, maybe another 1 to 1.5 over the 4-year period, but it's going to be pretty stable.
Durgesh Chopra: I appreciate that. Thank you very much.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport Research Partners. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So I was just wondering, are you guys seeing any degradation in either EBITDA or cash flow generation of existing assets? I mean, we're seeing examples of -- especially on the wind side -- that wind assets are having some issues with both OpEx and CapEx, hence re-powerings. But just wondering if there's obviously this positive momentum on the new build side, but is there any offset from existing assets?
Andres Gluski: Hi, Angie. No, none whatsoever. In fact, as I said, we continue to operate better. And we are seeing that our older projects are giving the returns that we are actually giving better returns than we had forecast. So, we're not seeing that. I mean, we don't have perhaps that many older wins. We do have awful low gap, but we have not seen any degradation in performance.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then the second question. So I remember in the past, you were mentioning that the slightly delayed coal plant retirements could be a lever for actually both earnings and cash flow. So is there an update there?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So Angie, as I was mentioning, the -- so there's just a handful of assets that we've extended through 2027, primarily due to the short remaining duration of the contracts, and it's making both operational sense as well as financial sense for us to remain the owner through the end of life. So there is some upside to that -- 2 upsides really. It smooths out the $750 million of EBITDA reduction from the coal exit plans throughout the 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028 period, so there's no real cliff. And then it does add to the EBITDA over the time frame. But it's one of the -- it's the smaller driver. The biggest driver of the EBITDA uplift is the higher returns we're realizing on the renewable projects, given the market dynamics that Andres discussed as well as the productivity and scale benefits we've realized in the portfolio and expect to continue to realize as we scale up.
Andres Gluski: Yes. And I'd like to add that we still plan to be out of coal by the end of 2027, and that we -- after 2025, we'll have somewhere about 1 gigawatt plant. And part of this is driven by the fact that these plants are still needed to for stability of the system, so we are not allowed to shut them down in part. I just wanted to clarify. So the strategic objective remains the same, it's just slightly delayed in time.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then lastly, and again, it's a bigger picture question, right? We -- it's very topical for today, given a lot of discussion about nuclear power. So we're all getting excited about the colocation of data centers and nuclear plants, and there is argument about spatial limitations for renewable power, given how much land it actually needs to offer similar amounts of computing capacity and especially in Virginia, where those land shortages, I think are most pronounced. So do you actually see that there is disadvantage to your pursuit of tech clients, if that's nuclear angle were to take off?
Andres Gluski: Well, I think, look, a rising tide lifts all boats. So I don't think this is a situation where there's just going to be like one technology that solves all the needs. So I don't see that any future where there's not, quite frankly, a shortage of renewable projects in the key markets. I know it takes a long time to permit nuclear plants. To my knowledge, excuse me, no new nuclear plants have been built, maybe even in the last decade, anywhere near budget. So on the one hand, I do think nuclear is part of the long-run solution, because I do agree. There's only so much land, so much interconnection. On the other hand, I think that the nuclear renaissance has yet to prove itself and it has yet to build out. So the demand from these clients is so strong. I mean, they are taking second best. Sometimes they can't get -- they want to require additionality because they really want to be part of the solution to climate change. Well, there are circumstances where they will take no additional audit and basically have recontract nuclear power today, at least 0 carbon. But the truth is that squeezing the balloon. That's taking 0 carbon energy off the grid. So I don't think -- I'll put it this way, I feel it's extraordinarily unlikely that the growth in renewables will stop and be replaced with nuclear power. And it's certainly in the next 5 years, I don't see it, and I see it very difficult in the next 10 years.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, thank you.
Andres Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We now turn to Ryan Levine with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. Given the scarcity of data center projects, how are returns for these projects compared to the projects for other customers?
Andres Gluski: The scarcity -- look, we don't talk about individual projects, but we do talk about our averages. And so the return on the project will depend, obviously, if you have the suitable location, if it's providing something other than a plain vanilla. So all put together, what I can say is, again, on average, we're seeing an increase in our returns, looking backwards and looking forward, and corporate customers are our most important segment. But yes, we will not comment on sort of specific client areas.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then how did you arrive at the 2% to 3% long-term dividend growth is the right growth rate from a financial policy standpoint? And what are factors that could cause that policy to continue to evolve?
Steve Coughlin: Ryan. So look, I mean AES has established itself as a dividend payer a long time ago. We've been consistently growing the dividend at that 4 to 6 range for quite a long time. Obviously, the company's success in the renewable space and now our utilities position for significant growth, has put us in front of a huge amount of growth opportunity, and we want to manage our capital sources appropriately. And so we are committed to our dividend. We want to continue to grow, but we felt on balance given the capital opportunities in front of us and the higher returns that growing the dividend at a little bit of a lower rate made sense at this point, particularly as we've seen higher returns coming from our growth investments.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And why start that in 2025 as opposed to another year from a timing standpoint?
Steve Coughlin: Well, we look at this -- so I'm not sure that you were pointing out, so we did grow at 4% this year. This is a policy that we take very seriously and thoughtfully. And so we weren't prepared -- we made that decision for this year, towards the end of last year. We weren't prepared to make this decision until we had thoroughly analyzed it and recently made that decision as we locked down our final plan here. And we think, therefore, it makes sense once we've made the decision to go ahead and implement it as soon as we're able, which will be 2025.
Ryan Levine: Thank you.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you, congratulations. Just a detail-oriented question. The 2024 tax credit guidance of $1 billion. Is there anything in there that is timing related or you might describe as more onetime in nature? Or is that -- would you grow that from that level as you add renewables projects?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So it will grow. And it's not timing so much as it's just the success of the business. As Andres said, we doubled our construction last year. And keep in mind that not all of the credits are recognized in year one in tax equity structures. It's roughly 1/3 get recognized in the second year. So that's boosting the credit this year as well as all of the projects that will come online this year, the new projects on top of that. The other thing that's driving it is the transfer of credit does get recognized earlier, essentially almost all in the first year. And so there's a greater mix of credits transferred in this vintage this year as we -- that grows as a component of how we monetize the credits. So that's driving it higher. But I don't expect this to have dipped, I think it will continue to rise as we head into the years ahead, as the growth program continues. And then keep in mind that we are benefiting from the energy community adder and a significant portion, which increases the credit. And our wind projects are all qualifying for domestic content also going forward. So that all else being equal, is driving the credit value up. And what's important for everyone to understand is the credit is cash and earnings. And the great thing about these -- particularly the investment credits, which is the lion's share of our mix of tax attributes is upfront. So you're getting a return on your capital investment of a significant portion, at least 30%, in some cases, up to 50% right away, which is a fantastic cash profile as well as an earnings profile.
Gregg Orrill: Okay, thanks.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A. I'll now hand back to Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations, for final remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's call has now concluded. We'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for joining The AES Corporation Third Quarter 2023 Financial Review Call. My name is Kate, and I will be the moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may proceed.
Susan Harcourt: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2023 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Stephen Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2023 financial review call. In addition to discussing our third quarter and outlook for the remainder of the year, I will address some concerns that we have heard from investors since our second quarter call in August. Specifically, my remarks today will focus on three areas: strategic and financial updates, our funding sources, and our exposure to interest rates. Beginning on Slide 3. I am pleased to report that our financial results continue to be strong and we now expect full year adjusted EPS to be in the top half of our guidance range of $1.65 to $1.75. We are also reaffirming all of our short- and long-term financial metrics. For the third quarter, adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes was $1 billion, and adjusted earnings per share was $0.60. I'm very pleased with these results, which Steve will address in more detail shortly. Turning to Slide 4. We continue to see strong demand for long-term contracts for renewables, particularly from our primary customer base of large technology companies with a rapidly expanding data center business. Notably, even with rising interest rates, renewables continue to have the lowest levelized cost of energy, or LCOE, across almost all of the markets where we operate. So far this year, we have signed 3.7 gigawatts of new PPAs, including 1.5 gigawatts since our second quarter call in August. This number does not include the 1.2 gigawatts of new projects we were recently awarded in New York. Given that we have several large contracts that could be finalized in the coming weeks, we remain confident in our ability to sign at least 5 gigawatts of new long-term PPAs this year. Included in the new contracts that we have already signed, is our first-ever developed transfer agreement, or DTA, to transfer to a utility 975 megawatts of solar plus storage at the point of commencement of construction. This structure allows us to create value from our advanced pipeline without the investment of any AES equity beyond the development costs. Now turning to our backlog on Slide 5. Our backlog of projects with signed long-term contracts is now 13.1 gigawatts. Of this total backlog, we expect more than 70% or over 9 gigawatts to come online through 2025, and we have already secured all of the necessary equipment for these projects. Furthermore, 44% or 5.8 gigawatts is already under construction. Moving to Slide 6. Our construction program continues to make excellent progress with 93% of the megawatts expected to come online this year, already having achieved mechanical completion. As a result, we have increased our year-end construction target from 3.4 gigawatts to 3.5 gigawatts to incorporate the progress we have made this year. This figure reflects a more than doubling of the renewable projects placed in service compared to last year. Now turning to Slide 7. In light of current market conditions, I would like to directly address the sources of funding that we have in our long-term plan. We will not be issuing any equity until at least 2026, and even then, we will only issue equity if it is value accretive to our shareholders. Instead, we are significantly accelerating our asset sales, and believe, we now have line of sight to at least $2 billion of asset sale proceeds in '24 and '25, and expect our asset sale proceeds to total at least $3.5 billion through 2027. With the proceeds from the sell-downs of our businesses in the Dominican Republic and Panama that we announced in September, we have already secured all of our external financing needs for the year at attractive terms. The general buckets that are part of our asset sales plan are: coal exit; sell-downs of U.S. renewable projects; partial monetization of businesses, including new energy technologies; and the exit of certain noncore businesses. We also plan to bring in partners at some of our businesses as we have done in the past to reduce future equity needs. While we never disclose specific transactions until we have actually signed sales agreement, we are in active and positive discussions with many interested counterparties. Turning to Slide 8. The last topic I want to address before turning the call over to Steve is our exposure to interest rates. As a normal course of business, we have always proactively matched the profile of the debt to the profile of the cash flows that are supporting, which minimizes any impact from higher interest rates. Approximately 80% of our debt is non-recourse to the AES parent. And of that, the vast majority is either utility debt included in our customer rates or project level debt that is matched to the underlying project revenues. All of our long-term debt at Corp is either fixed or hedged, and as we have stated before, we've been able to pass on higher costs and interest rates in the new PPAs we signed. Finally, I want to highlight our commitment to maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings, which we see as an important component of our value proposition. To that end, in every business decision we make, we take into consideration our relevant credit metrics. We take a disciplined approach to growth and overall risk management to ensure that we consistently maintain these metrics. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss our third quarter results, our 2023 guidance, how we are flexing our plans to adapt to current financial market conditions and how we minimize our exposure to interest rates. Turning to our financial results for the quarter, beginning on Slide 10. I'm pleased to share that we had a strong third quarter and are fully on track to achieve our full year guidance. Adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes was just over $1 billion versus $991 million last year, driven primarily by higher contributions at our Renewables SBU, the recovery of prior year's purchase power costs at AES Ohio included as part of the ESP4 settlement and improved results at Fluence. These drivers were partially offset by the absence of the significant LNG transaction margins, which we earned last year. Tax attributes earned by our U.S. renewables projects this quarter were $18 million versus $60 million a year ago, in-line with our expectations of a higher share of renewable projects coming online in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 11. Adjusted EPS was $0.60 versus $0.63 last year. In addition to the drivers of adjusted EBITDA, we saw higher parent interest expense this quarter as well as a higher adjusted tax rate. I'll cover the performance of our strategic business units or SBUs in more detail over the next few slides, beginning on Slide 12. In the Renewables SBU, we saw higher adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes, driven primarily by higher contributions from new projects brought online in the last 12 months, as well as higher margins in Colombia. This was partially offset by lower tax credit recognition as a result of fewer new projects placed into service this quarter versus a year ago. Our business continues to make strong progress, not just with construction, but also the financing of new projects. We continue to see a robust market for tax credits. This year, we have already raised $1.8 billion in tax capital financing. The market for tax attributes is also greatly expanding as a result of the tax credit transfer option that has brought many more participants to the market. Importantly, tax credit transfers get recognized in operating and free cash flow, which further enhances our financial funding flexibility. Going forward, we will increasingly use tax credit transfers as a means to monetize tax credits including for nearly 500 megawatts of projects in 2023. At our Utilities SBU, higher adjusted PTC was driven by the recovery of prior year's purchase power costs at AES Ohio included as part of the ESP4 settlement, which have been recognized as an expense in the third quarter of last year. I'd now like to take a moment to discuss the continued progress of our utility growth program on Slide 14. In August, we received commission approval at AES Ohio for our new Electric Security Plan, or ESP4, which includes timely recovery of $500 million of grid modernization investments at a 10% return on equity, allowing us to further improve the quality of service. As a reminder, we plan to grow the combined rate bases of our U.S. utilities at a 10% average annual rate through 2027. 80% of our planned investments through 2027 are either already approved or under FERC formula rate programs. We are executing on this plan and with our investment programs across the two utilities, we are on track to increase our capital expenditures by over 35% year-over-year as we work to modernize and invest in system reliability. As we previously discussed, our utilities in Ohio and Indiana continue to charge the lowest residential rates of all electric utilities in both states. Turning back to our third quarter results, with our Energy Infrastructure SBU on Slide 15. Lower adjusted EBITDA primarily reflects significant LNG transaction margins in the prior year, partially offset by prior year onetime expenses in Argentina and higher revenues recognized from the monetization of the PPA at our Warrior Run coal plant. Finally, at our New Energy Technologies SBU, higher adjusted EBITDA reflects continued improved results at Fluence. Fluence has continued to demonstrate improving margins and strong pipeline growth, and they have indicated their expectation to be close to adjusted EBITDA breakeven in the fourth quarter of their 2023 fiscal year. This year-over-year improvement would be reflected in our own fourth quarter results. Turning to Slide 17. I'm very pleased to highlight that we now expect to achieve the top half of both our 2023 adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.65 to $1.75 and our parent free cash flow range of $950 million to $1 billion. This reflects the strong performance of our renewables construction team whose excellent execution this year means that we expect to exceed our construction target of 3.4 gigawatts by at least 100 megawatts. Now to Slide 18. We are reaffirming our full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA guidance range of $2.6 billion to $2.9 billion. Including the $500 million to $560 million of tax attributes we expect to realize in 2023, we expect adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes of $3.1 billion to $3.5 billion. The additional U.S. projects we expect to bring online this year should allow us to exceed the midpoint of the tax attributes estimate we provided at Investor Day. Now to our 2023 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 19. Sources reflect approximately $2.4 billion of total discretionary cash, including $1 billion of parent free cash flow, $400 million to $600 million of asset sales, and the $900 million parent debt issuance we completed in Q2. With the agreement to sell down a minority interest in our gas and LNG business in the Dominican Republic and Panama, we have secured the entirety of our external sources of parent level capital for 2023. Turning to Slide 20. Since our Investor Day in May, financial market conditions have changed, and AES will flex its near-term and long-term plans accordingly. Looking ahead, we will continue to prioritize our strong credit profile and investment-grade ratings, hitting our financial metric growth targets, funding our growth primarily in U.S. renewables and U.S. utilities and advancing on our decarbonization and portfolio simplification goals. We have a number of levers to adjust that will keep us on track with these objectives. First, and to be clear, we will not issue equity at or near current share price levels and not until it is value accretive to our shareholders on a per share basis. As such, we are increasing our asset sale target to at least $3.5 billion for the 2023 to 2027 timeframe and accelerating our plan to achieve $2 billion of asset sale proceeds in 2024 and 2025. With this change, we will not issue any equity until at least 2026, and the amount anticipated has been reduced to $500 million to $1 billion through our guidance period. Second, the tax credit transferability option that we now have creates added flexibility to monetize the tax value of our U.S. renewables projects with a broader base of market participants while also increasing free cash flow and the capacity to fund growth. Third, while we still intend to exit all of our coal businesses in a few of our markets, our coal assets will be temporarily needed to support the energy transition beyond 2025 as renewable deployments and transmission have not progressed as quickly as required. We still intend to exit the majority of our remaining coal businesses by the end of 2025. However, we have the flexibility to delay the exit of a few select plants through 2027 to support continued electricity reliability. This delay would yield continued financial contributions from these assets during this period. For 2024 and 2025, we expect to fund our remaining parent capital needs entirely with asset sales and planned debt issuances. We feel confident that we can achieve the $2 billion asset sale target in these years, as we have already held discussions for a large portion of the assets in this program. We anticipate competitive processes that will yield attractive valuations with minimal dilution to earnings and cash beyond what had been incorporated in our plan. Our sales program is designed to meet our strategic objectives to simplify and decarbonize our portfolio while funding our core growth investments in U.S. renewables and utilities. Finally, turning to Slide 21, we are largely hedged against future increases in interest rates. Looking at the parent company, our long-term debt is entirely fixed and we hedge our exposure to refinancing risk over a five-year window. Our nearest maturities in 2025 and 2026 were previously hedged at a rate of approximately 3%. Approximately 80% of our consolidated debt is at the subsidiary or project level and is non-recourse to the parent. We typically pre-hedge future project debt issuance for the full tenor when we sign a PPA, insulating our expected returns from future rate movements. The amortizing structure of our project debt rather than bullet maturities allow the project to support higher leverage. As we grow, our long-term debt balances will increase proportionally to the underlying cash flow of our businesses, enabling us to maintain steady leverage ratios and investment-grade credit metrics. At the end of the third quarter, we had approximately $6 billion of interest rate hedges outstanding at an average rate of 2.9%. Looking at the impact of a 100 basis point shift in interest rates on our future issuances, refinancings and U.S. floating rate debt, we have under $0.01 of EPS exposure from interest rates in 2024 and $0.03 to $0.04 of exposure in 2025. Unhedged floating rate debt is primarily located outside the U.S. where inflation indexation in our PPAs provides a natural hedge against rising rates. In summary, as we approach year-end, we've made excellent progress on achieving our financial and strategic objectives for 2023. Our balance sheet is strong, and we are flexing to adapt to current financial market conditions. With line of sight to our future growth funding needs, we will create value from our excellent market position while continuing to prioritize maintaining investment-grade credit metrics and achieving our financial commitments. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to briefly address a few other concerns that we have heard from some of you regarding the future of the renewable sector in general. For starters, global warming is, unfortunately, very real and likely accelerating. We have seen it in all-time record temperatures over the past five years and especially this summer in the Northern Hemisphere. This new reality was reflected in record demand for energy during heat waves, unprecedented wildfires and more volatile rainfall, all of which affect the general public. Completely apolitical actors, such as insurance companies, are pulling out of certain markets in vulnerable areas after suffering material losses due to climate change. It is, therefore, extremely unlikely that major corporations will abruptly walk away from all of their carbon reduction goals regardless of any short-term unscientific political rhetoric. Given all that is happening in the renewable space, it is now more important than ever to differentiate among companies and developers. In my opinion, nobody is better placed than AES to create shareholder value from the ongoing energy transition because we have been focusing for years on the most resilient and lucrative opportunities. We are among the largest suppliers of renewable energy in the most attractive markets in the U.S., California, New York and PJM. We are also the biggest supplier of renewable energy to corporations in the world and particularly to data centers. Already, data centers represent half of our U.S. backlog and the growth of generative AI will only accelerate their demand for more renewable energy. An important differentiator is that AES is one of the very few major renewable developers that has not had to abandon projects in its backlog due to cost increases or supply chain disruptions. This has cemented our reputation for reliability among premium customers. And finally, AES is the most innovative company in the sector, developing and implementing new technologies such as: grid scale energy storage, hourly match renewable power purchase agreements, refabricated solar, construction robotics and software for energy efficiency in AI-enabled grid visualization. I believe these efforts will have material and growing benefit to our shareholders, especially by maintaining our lead in the most lucrative market segments. Regarding significant drivers for future growth post 2027, AES is best positioned to be the leader in green hydrogen production with the most advanced large project in the country, in Texas, in our participation in two of the largest hubs chosen by the Department of Energy. Our green hydrogen projects have real off-takers and sites, and we expect that they will meet the most exacting standards of additionality, regionality and hourly matching. Today, AES has the technology, the people, customer and supplier relationships, the scale and proven track record to continue to grow renewables profitably during the now unstoppable energy transition. While the total addressable market for our products and services is truly immense, I want to emphasize, once more, that our aim is to maximize shareholder value, not the number of megawatts or market share. Our priority will always be to ensure the best risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders on a per share basis. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question will be from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
David Arcaro: So strong update in terms of the contract originations within the renewables development portfolio. I was wondering if you could elaborate on what you're seeing in terms of that backdrop, the trends in customer demand. There have been concerns in the market around renewable slowdown given the higher PPA prices financing challenges, et cetera. Wondering if you could talk about what your conversations are like with your customers? Are there pockets of weakness? Or is there still an ample opportunity set out there for contract signings?
Andres Gluski: What we're seeing is very strong demand from our target customers. So we have not seen a weakening. And as we said, it's -- I think it's very important to distinguish what markets you're operating in. So markets like California and New York, PJM, there is very strong demand. And there's very strong demand from corporations, especially from the tech companies in the data center business. So we have not seen a slowing down. Now, if you're talking about WEC and auctions for public utilities, et cetera, we're seeing a lot more competition for those projects. But for the -- our target customers in our target markets, we're seeing demand very firm.
David Arcaro: Great. That's helpful. That's encouraging. And then maybe a question on the asset sale outlook here. You're accelerating -- targeting $2 billion over the next two years, I guess, what gives you the line of sight there? How is that market in terms of project sales? Are you seeing demand and the kind of off-takers there to acquire projects? And what are you seeing in terms of pricing? Are there favorable yields versus what you're developing those projects at?
Andres Gluski: Okay. So I think that's sort of two parts of the question. So a lot of the asset sales are selling out or selling down a specific businesses as we have been doing for the past decade. Our businesses continue to perform very well. So we see that there is interest in these businesses, because it's not -- again, not all businesses are created equal and we have very favorable positions in these markets. We're also seeing great interest for people to partner with us. And that also includes our existing partners for greater participation. So those are things which decrease the equity needs over the next four, five years. So I think that's very important to see that we're balancing both. I think the question regarding the sell-down of renewable projects, I'll pass over to Steve, so he can give you an update on that.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, that's going well. We -- as part of our sales, Andres walked through in his comments, there's a number of ways we achieve it. With the renewable sell-downs, we typically will sell down after the projects come online. And these are very low risk, long duration cash flows. Our average contract duration is 19 years. Obviously, no variable fuel cost, very little variable O&M in these types of assets. So they're very attractive -- and so yes, returns expectations have come up somewhat, but not in lockstep with where base rates have come because of the very low risk profile of these assets. So those sell-downs continue to yield a lift in AES' equity returns commensurate with what we've talked about in the past, David.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Durgesh Chopra: Just want to start off with a quick housekeeping question here. Just the $0.10 EPS upside that we talked about, Steve, from projects potentially being moved from '24 into late '23, is that factored into your raised EPS guidance now, or is that still an upside?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So a portion of it, Durgesh, so we did guide to 100 megawatts over at least this year, so the 3.4 to 3.5. So just a portion of that $0.10 is included. And the good thing is we have a very clear line of sight at this point to that increase as mechanical completion has been achieved on 93% of the new capacity. That means everything is all built out. We're just in final synchronization of equipment and systems. And so, we feel very confident in the year-end number. That which does not come online this year of that upside will be in the first half of next year.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. That's clear. And then maybe, Steve, there was a report from credit rating agency highlighting sort of weakening of your credit metrics here and then going into 2024. And then, Andres and you both talked about the importance of maintaining a strong balance sheet. Could you just sort of frame for us what your expectation is? With these asset sales because obviously, there's going to be a cash flow drop. What the expectation is for your FFO debt metrics next year versus your downgrade thresholds?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So one thing I would point out is that the credit metrics do fluctuate some during the year as we have higher construction balances in the middle of the year. We also have a higher level on our corporate revolver as projects come online towards the end of the year, paying down construction balances, and then we have the corporate revolver used to manage timing and distributions from our subsidiaries. The other thing to keep in mind is that we are in a high-growth mode. So at any point in time, we do have construction debt that's not yet yielding and that's all non-recourse. And it's also used to finance the tax credit value as well. So there's very quick paydowns on that debt once these projects come online. But no, we feel -- we're in regular contact with all the rating agencies. We feel very good about exceeding -- not just meeting but exceeding the thresholds. The other thing to keep in mind is that our leverage is amortizing. So most of our project level debt is amortizing over the PPA period. So this is a very low risk structure. It's non-recourse and it's not subject to significant bullets and it allows us to maintain a leverage ratio that will grow just proportionately -- our debt will only grow proportionately to the cash flows of the business.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. So but just to be clear though, Steve, I mean, next year, you feel with the plan that you have in place that versus your downgrade thresholds, you'll exceed them, right, into 2024?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, absolutely. This is a top priority metric in all of our planning. So maintaining investment credit is at the top. And so as we look at the asset sales -- keep in mind, we already had a significant amount, $2.7 billion to $3 billion considered in our Investor Day numbers. And we are prioritizing assets that both hit our strategy, but as well are minimally dilutive on earnings, cash and credit. So I'm very confident that we will not impact our credit metrics negatively with the plans that we have.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Perfect. And I know just -- but I just want to ask just one last question, and then I'll pass it on to others. But just Andres you mentioned active discussions with a lot of parties on assets. $3.5 billion is already very significant in asset sales. Could that number be higher as you sort of get more interest as you have those discussions?
Andres Gluski: At this point in time, I would say that we feel that we will sell at least $3.5 billion through end of 2027, but a lot of these, again, are partial sell-down, sell-down of renewables, our plan to exit from coal. So if you look in the past, we've done a multiple of this number. I'd also point out that I'm not aware of any time that we have set a target for asset sales and not achieved it or exceeded it. So we feel very confident in achieving those asset sale numbers.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Your line is now open.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. So first, I wanted to -- you mentioned about -- you mentioned transferability of tax credits. I just wanted to make sure that were not in a sense window dressing and trying to solve for a certain credit metrics, but this is actually driven by economics. So when I look back to your Analyst Day, you financed your renewables in the U.S., 40% tax equity, 40% project level debt and then 20% equity. So I just wanted to make sure that, that structure is still in and we're not trying to basically boost credit metrics by levering these projects more? And again, just explain to me that why we're moving from the traditional credit -- tax equity structures, which allowed you to monetize accelerated depreciation, among others to the transferability?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Angie, it's Steve. Thanks for the question. No, it is important to recognize that AES has always been maximizing their tax credit value. And so that continues to be the case. The reality is the transfers offer a more -- a broader market -- a broader set of market participants. I think a more liquid market, so many more corporates coming in from different sectors. It's a faster, simpler transaction to execute, but we'll still do both because it's important that you not only monetize the tax credit value but also the benefit of the accelerated depreciation which is not something that's transferable and does require either AES or a partner in the asset to be able to utilize that accelerated depreciation benefit. So there'll be hybrids done here. But my primary point is that it is a broader market, simpler transactions, more liquidity. And I do think it's appropriate that it shows up in operating cash and free cash because this is truly an important component of value and a return to the investment that gets made in the assets.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. So that's treatment so that the FFO uplift under those structures, you already considered that when you quantified your equity needs during the Analyst Day?
Steve Coughlin: So I would say at this point, we have already done 500 megawatts in transfer credits. The market is moving faster. So, I think in the Analyst Day, I would say there's upside in terms of our cash flow metrics related to the use of more transferability. But it's not necessarily something that is changing returns or anything. It's just that it's creating more visibility, more market participation and shows up in the operating cash flow.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. But again, it's -- you're still sticking with solar ITCs. Again, that financing structure that I mentioned at the beginning, doesn't change, right? So you're not increasing leverage of the project, okay.
Steve Coughlin: No, we are not just to be clear. So we are not increasing leverage at the projects that we are only looking to monetize the tax credits as efficiently as possible. And I would expect that given our credibility and our track record, any discount applied to the credits will be quite small relative to perhaps other market participants. And then, Andy, just also to reiterate, as I have said in the past, we choose the credit option based on what is the best cash financial return from the credit. So whether in most cases, that's been ITC for us, it makes very little sense to be choosing production-based credits, for example, in New England solar, where the capacity factors tend to be quite small. So I would question anyone that's doing that in their motives, but we are very focused on what's the credit that is yield the best return.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then secondly, you mentioned the attractiveness of renewables versus other sources of power based on the levelized cost of electricity, so i.e., new-builds for renewables versus new-builds for thermal assets. But -- and not everywhere, do you have to actually add incremental generation sources, right? And then the pushback that we are hearing is that the PPA prices have now slightly exceeded forward power prices, be it on peak for solar or around the clock for wind. So again, I understand the distinction with tech clients, but how about any other locations and any other off-takers for new renewables?
Andres Gluski: Well, again, we're talking about the markets where we're located. And the way I look at it is a little bit different. I mean, in terms of the energy, the LCOE, again, as I said, in most markets that we're operating, it is the cheapest. The issue with renewables is really having that dispatchable 24/7. So you need to complement it with regular power or batteries, which will require even more renewals. But I think the state is a huge play. So you can't say in every single location. But certainly in states that have high solar radiation or high wind, that's just the fact. I mean, the real issue is more having the 24/7 capability.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then the last question about the -- some flexibility on the retirement of the coal plants. I understand the reliability needs of local grids, et cetera. But this is not your renewables coming online later than expected. It's just more of the market backdrop in which the coal plants operate. Is that correct?
Andres Gluski: Exactly. No, exactly. You're taking it right. And as we've always indicated, we need regulatory approval to retire the coal plants. So what we're seeing is in some of the markets not us, but the general build-out of renewables enough transmission has been somewhat slower than planned and that these plants are likely to be needed through 2027. But I would add that this is the small minority of our total plants, okay? So we've gone from 22 gigawatts to 7. We have line of sight to about 4 of that is already planned. And of the remaining roughly 3, it would be a minority of that in terms. So I'm not talking about any walking away from our decarbonization plan. It's just a question that there -- we're seeing there's a couple of plants where it's going to be difficult to take them off-line prior to the expiry of their PPAs.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Richard Sunderland: Andres, you spoke to active conversations on the asset sale front. I'm curious if you can outline at a high level how advanced those discussions are? And if this is an effort that could yield any announcements before year-end or I guess, earlier on in that sort of '24, '25 window?
Andres Gluski: Yes. It's a good question. I would think that, again, it's over a two-year period, but I would expect some important announcements in the first half of next year. And again, we tend to announce things when they're very firm. So the negotiations, et cetera, are ongoing. It's several assets. But yes, I would expect to be able to say something in the first half of next year.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. And then looking back at, I guess, it's Slide 7, where you lay out the potential asset sales. Has any of your thinking on those buckets in terms of what's actually in those buckets changed since the May Investor Day, I guess, in particular, I'm thinking about the noncore businesses and if there are any new thoughts there relative to six months ago?
Andres Gluski: What I'd say is, yes, I really can't comment on that. I would say stay tuned, and we will make announcements in that regard. But it's mostly assets that we have designated as noncore over time. So it's more of an acceleration or perhaps a deepening of some of the sell-downs.
Richard Sunderland: That's helpful. And I'll try this from one other side if you'll indulge me here, new and expanded partnerships. New partnerships, any flavor for what that means? Just again, trying to get a sense of the scope of the opportunity. Obviously, you've laid out the magnitude with this $2 billion figure in the over $3.5 billion in total.
Andres Gluski: Well, what I'd say is see what we've done in the past. So for example, if you look at when we made a big move into renewable energy, we -- our first big acquisition was sPower and we brought in a new partner and that relationship has evolved over time. So we're in a number of fields, which are very attractive right now. So I think it's an interesting time to see what our partners want to do or if some additional partners want to come in. But we're really sitting in a privileged position, especially for a lot of the new growing fields.
Operator: The next question will be from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: First question here, I'm going to take it and play in every direction. All right, deal. $3.5 billion here. You talk about coal exits of selective assets in '27. To me, I hear that, and I'm asking well, how much does that delay some of the loss of contribution in the plan out to '28, i.e., the earlier targets that you gave through '27 contemplated full divestment of these assets. Now I get that you're raising the asset divestment target. So in theory, there's going to be fewer assets at the end. So in theory, you should be sacrificing some of the net income to the plan. But obviously, by selling some of the coal assets in '27, you're delaying or deferring some of the chunkiest lowest multiple assets potentially and the loss of the contribution into '28. I just want to like kind of hear how you think about that '27 versus '28, are you effectively pushing out a little bit of an earnings impact from '27 into '28 if you think about it or from '25 into '28?
Andres Gluski: What I'd say is you're basically right that say, operating through the end of a couple of plants, PPAs, we have that flexibility, it would be beneficial. In terms of our asset sales, I mean, we have -- our assets have different earnings profiles. So, how would I say, we feel confident that we have a plan in place that we will hit our numbers. Now when you talk about post 2027, getting into '28, there'll be a balance between bringing in partners for some of those growth projects post '28. And there are a lot of factors, I think, happening in the market. I would expect, quite frankly, in our numbers, we don't have much more efficiency improvements, and we're working on a lot of technologies, which should have that. So in the net, again, you're right about some of the big blocks, but I really think that -- I feel very confident about our numbers, what they're going to look like '28 forwards because we have a really a pull position in all these new technologies and new sectors that are opening up. So there's not going to be a cliff that were pushed off into '28. I want to make that clear. As we've made clear in the past, there's no cliff in '26. So we manage -- we have a lot of variables, a lot of levers. So we're making sure that we have a smooth transition. So our real problem is not one of demand. There's a tremendous amount of demand, tremendous opportunities, is that what we want to make sure is that we're maximizing value per share and taking advantage of it and being smart in the best combination of levers that we pull.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No. Look, I get it. It makes sense. And just to clarify, the select assets, though, those are the ones that the PPAs are expiring or the -- otherwise been regulatory issues, right? Again, I think that's a nice catch all, right? If that's the way you're framing it, one or the other?
Andres Gluski: Well, that's correct. I mean that we have some assets that may be still under contract and that -- it's going to be -- it's looking more difficult to get regulatory approval to retire those assets in '25.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Yes, indeed, right. There's a couple of them that stand out, if you will, that would seem to fit that right?
Andres Gluski: I guess.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I know you don't want to be too specific [indiscernible]. I'm sorry, I'm trying to be less specific here. Quickly, if I can pivot here real quickly. Yes, go for it.
Steve Coughlin: I was just going to say, there's a number of ways we're exiting both the retirements and sales. So looking at this, we have 7 gigawatts of coal. We've already announced and the exits of half of that. So you're talking about 3.5% roughly remaining. And we're not talking about that whole amount. Even a small portion of that are these assets that will be selectively considered.
Andres Gluski: Yes. as I said, it's a small part of the 3 that's remaining.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. Okay. Sorry, I just wanted to try to put that in a box a little bit more. And just to clarify this, the partial monetization, how do you think about Fluence here just to hit that a little bit more squarely? I know it's a sensitive subject, whatever you can offer here about how you think about that through the plan? You talk about beginning next year here on sell-downs bit large, not specific to the new technologies bucket. Whatever you can offer?
Andres Gluski: We can't call for much that we haven't said already. I mean what we've said is that we are really as an accelerator of new technologies. We create a lot of applications together. They help us. That's why we're the leader, I think, in the premium markets. But over time, we will monetize the positions. It's not just Fluence. We have other investments as well. And those new technologies have progressed very well. So we have other companies besides Fluence. But I'm not -- we really can't provide any further color on that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And you feel confident in the previous marks in the other technologies? I mean, I know it's been a little bit of time there, but that's important as well.
Andres Gluski: Sure. I mean -- there are different ones of levels of maturity. But of course, you have Uplight, which is, I think, proceeding well and incorporating more product offerings and becoming part of Schneider Electric's energy efficiency offerings. But then we have other ones that are in earlier stages. And whether they will create a lot of value outside of what they create for us. So certainly, one of the more exciting ones is the building of solar farms with robotics, I think, has a lot of promise. If you look at a longer term sort of four years out there, I would expect a lot from that. There's a lot -- we're doing a lot with AI operationally for us. I mean today, we use AI on the operations of our wind farms of next-day predictions for energy demand and weather. We're also using -- Fluence is using on its bidding engines, but there's much, much more. We have collaborated with some of the technology companies on things like grid visualization, et cetera, which I think will become part and parcel of how ISOs manage their build-outs and dispatches and reaction to natural catastrophes. And we do have a -- we would receive part of the royalties from the sales of the technology companies because we co-created them with them. So these are all things that are not in our numbers, but I think we'll we will be able increasingly to have significant cost savings and greater efficiencies from applying them. And in some cases, we'll be able to monetize these over time at the right time when market conditions are right.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely. Sorry. And just a quick clarification, more setting expectations ahead. You guys have done a lot on the new origination front. You flagged it at the outset, this 5 gigawatt number, I think. Just to set expectations, you've also done a number of acquisitions of backlog here, too. How does that mesh with your commentary about origination, a? And b, should we expect a steady cadence of announcements of further backlog acquisitions here as some of these have been the higher price points? Again, I just want to tackle that directly and give you an opportunity to kind of bifurcate and clearly set expectations.
Andres Gluski: Look, we -- I think you have to -- when you think about what we're doing is we're making -- creating the most value of the different assets we have. So we did our first sale of -- in the pipeline, if you will, with the DTA, where we actually don't build the project, but we sell a development project because we felt that, that was the greatest creation of value. So sometimes from our pipeline, we may be doing this because that's the best use of that pipeline. As I said in the past, probably the most attractive thing for us to do is to acquire late-stage development projects when -- especially when we have a premium customer who needs that energy. And why? Well, because -- well, you have a development project, it's some cost if you have to invest to create that development project. And so you don't know what is the conversion rate of your pipeline. So if you have something that's in late stage your conversion rate is basically one if you have the client. So it's a very good risk-adjusted rate of return. So we're going to be doing all those things. In the case of one of our utilities, they're buying one of the projects that have been developed by somebody else. We're selling one from the pipeline. Others are going to be repowering. So, we'll use all of the means at our disposal to create shareholder value. So I don't think it's -- the way to think about this correctly, is just pipeline, greenfield through final delivery is the best way to create value. I think it's really -- the most important really is having the right projects in the right markets and the right clients and thinking about how can you best satisfy what the clients' needs are. So I just mentioned that we can talk about it off-line. But quite frankly, what we're seeing is that all things being equal, acquiring late-stage projects, and it is a buyer's market now. It is one of the most attractive businesses for us.
Operator: The final question for today's call will be from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Michael Sullivan: I wanted to start with, can we just confirm if there's been any change to your levered returns targets in the current environment up or down? And then maybe also just you alluded to it a little bit, but just a sense of like how much LCOEs or PPA pricing on new projects have changed?
Andres Gluski: Okay. I'll take the first part of that. I'll have the second -- I'll pass that to Steve. Look, we are getting from our portfolio sort of low-teen returns. And that's at the project level. If we would include sort of core financing or mezzanine financing, we'd be high-teen returns. I don't think anybody is getting consistently higher returns than us because of the type of projects, the type of markets that we're in and the scale. We have sufficient scale to compete with anybody. And we have I think, had the best record of supply chain management. So, what I think has changed, we use a CAPM model, which is updated for risk-free U.S. treasuries, and they have moved up, obviously. So that's when we calculate our net present value that really comes into effect. So we do look at what's the net present value from these projects. So what I would say is that we've been able to pass on higher interest rates, pass on higher cost. And cost, by the way, are coming down. Battery prices are down 50%, solar prices are receding. And we do new projects for corporate clients outside of the U.S. And solar panels are near all-time lows. So all that put together, yes, we are using higher discount rates to see if the projects worthwhile pursuing in our net present value. And we have maintained our margins. And so we're seeing right now no stress on the market from that side. Now the second question you wanted to talk about was the particular projects here in the States and the returns we're seeing.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So I would say, generally in the States with our corporate clients, in particular, where we're doing structured products, we are seeing the higher end of that return range. And also, it's important, while PPA prices have been increasing, over the past one to two years, they've actually leveled off and are starting to come back down. We've seen significant reductions in solar module pricing this year. We've seen significant reductions in the commodities going into batteries and battery pricing coming down. So we're starting to see levelized costs come back down, which is also supporting the activity and the demand going forward. So I think we're in kind of past the difficulties of the supply chain past the impacts of the inflation and back to a declining curve in the key technologies we're using.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Michael, maybe something that hasn't been asked on this call is that, first, we had the first project that we know they got the energy community additional 10%, which was a Chevelon Butte wind project, the largest wind project in Arizona. But we're also -- in terms of our wind farms, we are achieving the domestic content requirements. We expect that Fluence will be having next year, starting to receive domestic -- sufficient domestic content from its batteries and from its and casings. And then we're also in discussions for solar. We were one of the first to start discussions for solar. So what we see is upside from domestic content additionality. And we also see the energy communities we have already been achieving that. So I'll remind you, at least 40% plus of our pipeline is in energy communities as is today. So that would all be upside. So we are seeing upsides from the IRA in terms of the returns of some of the projects, especially those that are already signed.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. One quick last one. Just -- can you give any thoughts on just the initial intervenor testimony in the Indiana rate case and what the path looks like from here to whether it be settlement or final order?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So just to kind of put things in context, too. This is our first rate case in over five years. And as I mentioned in my comments, we have the lowest residential rates in Indiana of any utility. So we're starting from a very good place. We had our IRP last year where we also have a lot of support for the growth that's there. So of course, any process like this, there are multiple stakeholders involved and interveners, they need to be heard. But we feel very good about what we asked for, given our position with the lowest rates and the growth plan that's been supported through the IRP. And again, it's our first rate case in five years. So in terms of timing, at this point, I would say, middle of next year for this to be all resolved and new rates to come into effect thereafter.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's Q&A session, and I will turn the call back over to Susan for final remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. We look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Financial Conference later this month. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's conference call titled the AES Corporation Second Quarter Financial Review Call. My name is Ellen, and I will be coordinating the call for today. At the end of today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask question. [Operator Instructions] It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations. Susan, please go ahead whenever you are ready.
Susan Harcourt: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2023 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team.  With that, I will turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2023 financial review call. Today, I will discuss our second quarter results as well as the excellent progress we're making towards our financial and strategic objectives. Steve Coughlin, our CFO, will give some more detail on our financial performance and outlook. For the second quarter, adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes was $607 million, and adjusted earnings per share was $0.21. Results for the quarter as well as for the first half of the year are very much in line with our expectations. Thus, we're reaffirming our 2023 guidance for all metrics and our targeted annualized growth rate through 2027. As we noted earlier this year, approximately 75% of our 2023 earnings will come in the second half of the year. Now for an update on our strategic priorities. At the core of our strategy is a focus on, first, new renewables with the target to triple our installed capacity by 2027. Second, growth at our U.S. utilities, where we expect to increase the rate base by more than 10% per year through 2027. And third, the transformation of our portfolio as we exit coal by the end of 2025 and invest in the new technologies that will define our industry for years to come. Today, I will provide an update on how we are executing across each of these focus areas, beginning with our renewables on Slide 4. We continue to see significant inbound interest from key customers wanting to do large U.S.-based renewable projects with us. We believe this reflects both our reputation for consistently delivering on time as well as our best-in-class ability to tailor projects to the specific needs of our customers. Year-to-date, we have now signed 2.2 gigawatts of new PPAs, including 2.1 gigawatts since our Investor Day in May. These numbers do not include 1 gigawatt from Belfield second phase or 1.4 gigawatts from our Green Hydrogen Project with Air Products in Texas, both of which could be signed before the year's end. I feel good about the likelihood that we will sign 5 to 6 gigawatts of new PPAs this year. We continue to be globally the number one seller of renewable energy to corporate customers. We also had a leading position in the U.S., providing renewable energy to data centers, which are seeing explosive growth in part as a result of the generative AI revolution. Turning to Slide 5. Another area of recent success is how we have been working with technology customers to complete projects initiated by other developers. Our corporate customers want us to take on these projects because they know we will deliver them on time and can also restructure the original PPAs to provide customized solutions. Two great recent examples of this are the 185-megawatt Delta Wind project in Mississippi which has a signed PPA with Amazon and the 2 gigawatt Belfield project in California, 1 gigawatt, of which has a signed PPA with a large technology company that is a repeat customers. Both of these projects demonstrate the strength of the relationships we have with our customers. For us, completing other developers' projects is especially attractive because we can get similar returns to greenfield projects while preserving our current pipeline for future projects. Our 61 gigawatt pipeline represents investments in land, interconnection and development which must be replaced once utilized, given growing constraints on new transmission in markets like California and PJM, having the flexibility to decide when to utilize these resources helps us maximize total returns from our renewables business. Moving on to Slide 6. We now have a backlog of projects with signed long-term contracts of 13.2 gigawatts, which is the largest in AES' history. I would like to reiterate once more that our definition of backlog includes only signed contracts for which we have an obligation to deliver and our customers have an obligation to take a given amount of renewable energy for a given amount of time. The average tenure of the contracts in our backlog is 19 years, and currently, 41% of our 13.2 backlog is already under construction, and 74% is slated to come online within the next 3 years. Turning to Slide 7. Since our Investor Day in May, we have completed a number of landmark projects. In June, we announced the commercial operation of the 238-megawatt Phase 1 of the Chevelon Butte Wind project in Arizona. It is one of the first projects in the country to be placed in service to qualify for the 10% additional energy community tax credit bonus under the Inflation Reduction Act. And once Phase 2 is completed, it will reach 454 megawatts and be the largest wind project in the state. In addition, we completed the Andes 2B solar-plus storage project in Chile for our copper mining customers. It's 180 megawatts of solar plus 560-megawatt hours of storage will make it the largest battery storage installation in all of Latin America. We were also able to use 5b prefabricated solar panels for a portion of the project, which advances the learning and lowers the cost of future developments. Turning to Slide 8. We are on track to complete the 3.4 gigawatts of new renewable projects we committed to earlier this year, including nearly 800 megawatts we've already brought online. In the U.S., we expect to commission roughly 2.1 watts which is roughly double the capacity we installed last year. I am very proud of the work our teams have done to ensure that we have had no supply chain or construction delays. All of the necessary equipment has been contracted for our 2023 through 2025 backlog. There remains the potential for completion of up to an additional 600 megawatts this year in the U.S. given the strong performance of our construction program. We see our record of completing projects on time as a key competitive advantage that is highly valued by our customers. We are one of the only major developers that did not abandon or meaningfully delay construction projects over the last 2 years due to supply chain issues. Furthermore, due to our emphasis on long-term planning and strong contractual agreements, we have maintained our project margins despite inflationary pressures and rising interest rates. Now moving to our second priority of utility growth on Slide 9. We remain on track to grow our U.S. pretax contribution at an annualized rate of 17% to 20% through 2027. At AES, Ohio, we expect to receive commission approval for our new electric security plan or ESP 4 by the end of August, at which point our new distribution rates would go into immediate effect. As a reminder, ESP 4 includes approval of timely recovery of $500 million in grid modernization over the next 3 years, carrying a 10% return on equity. This will allow us to accelerate investments to continue to improve the quality of service while maintaining the most competitive rates in Ohio. At AES, Indiana, we filed for a new rate case in June, the first rate case since 2018. The proposed new rates are designed to recover inflationary impacts since the last case as well as investments in reliability, resiliency improvements and system upgrades. We expect commission approval by the middle of next year. Even after this proposed increase, we still expect our residential rates to be among the lowest in the state. At AES Indiana, we continue to advance our low carbon generation growth plan. We recently filed for approval to build a 200-megawatt or 800-megawatt hour storage facility at the site of the retiring Petersburg coal plant. This project is expected to come online by the end of next year, at which point it will be the largest battery storage project in the Midwest. Now turning to Slide 10 and our third priority of transforming our portfolio by exiting coal generation by the end of 2025. Since our Investor Day in May, we have significantly advanced our decarbonization objective by assuring the retirement of an additional 900 megawatts of coal generation. In June, we retired 415 megawatts of coal as we shut down Unit 2 of the Petersburg plant at AES Indiana. We also announced the retirement of the 276-megawatt Norgener Air Plant in Chile by 2025. Additionally, we received final approval, allowing for the termination of the PPA at our 205-megawatt Warrior Run Plant in Maryland for proceeds of $357 million. Now turning to Slide 11. We have expanded our leadership in the development and application of new technologies in our sector. We see this as another important competitive advantage. A new example is the use of embedded artificial intelligence, including generative AI across our operations. This year, we already expect more than $200 million of our adjusted EBITDA to be enabled by AI through both cost reductions and revenue enhance. We have incorporated AI and data analytics across our operations from areas such as wind production forecasting to vegetation management to identification of isolated solar panel failures. As part of this program, we also continue to pioneer and advance the use of robotics to install and maintain solar panels. Through our solar robotics program, we are developing proprietary AI-based computer vision to install a wide variety of solar modules, including the largest and heaviest models. With this technology, we plan to install projects significantly faster and across a wide range of working conditions, including extreme heat. In the coming months, we will be validating this technology for the installation of tens of megawatts and expect to move to use it for full scale solar projects in 2024. Finally, we're consolidating our lead in advanced green hydrogen projects with committed offtakers. We are currently developing the largest announced green hydrogen project in the U.S. jointly with Air Products in Texas. It features 1.4 gigawatts of inside defense, hourly matched renewables, 200 metric tons of hydrogen per day and a 30-year take-or-pay contract. It is expected to come online in 2027. Our pipeline of advanced green hydrogen projects is equivalent to more than 6 gigawatts of renewables and 800 metric tons of hydrogen per day. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss our second quarter results, 2023 parent capital allocation and 2023 guidance. Turning to our financial results for the quarter, beginning on Slide 13. I'm pleased to share that the second quarter was fully in line with our expectations, keeping us well on track to achieve our full year guidance.  Adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes was $607 million versus $722 million last year, driven primarily by lower margins at AES Andes and higher costs at our renewables SBU due to an accelerated growth plan, but partially offset by new renewables coming online and higher availability at select thermal businesses. Tax attributes earned by our U.S. renewables projects were relatively flat at $38 million in the second quarter of this year, in line with our expectations. Turning to Slide 14. Adjusted EPS was $0.21 versus $0.34 last year. In addition to the drivers of adjusted EBITDA, we saw higher parent interest expense this quarter. As a reminder, our year-to-date EPS is fully in line with the breakdown that we outlined earlier this year, in which we noted that roughly 25% of our earnings would come in the first half of the year and 75% in the second half. I'll cover the performance of our strategic business units or SBUs in more detail over the next 4 slides, beginning on Slide 15. In the renewables SBU, we continue to execute on our strategic priority to triple our portfolio by 2027. For the second quarter, as expected, we saw higher adjusted EBITDA with tax attributes driven primarily by higher wind generation and new projects coming online, partially offset by higher business development and fixed costs due to our accelerated growth plan. At our utilities SBU, we saw higher adjusted PTC driven by lower maintenance expenses, but partially offset by higher interest expense from new debt. We continue to expect strong utilities earnings for the second half of the year driven by typical second half demand seasonality and the pending August decision on ESP 4 at AES, Ohio. With this pending decision and the great progress in renewables growth at AES Indiana, we are continuing to pursue our strategic priority to increase rate base by an average of 10% annually through 2027. Lower adjusted EBITDA at our energy infrastructure SBU, primarily reflects lower margins at AES Andes in line with our phase out of coal, partially offset by higher availability at select thermal units. As we execute -- our third strategic priority to exit coal and complete the transformation of our portfolio, although not every quarter, we generally expect to see annual year-over-year declines in energy infrastructure as we discussed at Investor Day in May. Finally, at our new energy technologies SBU, higher adjusted EBITDA reflects continued improved profit margins at Fluence. Fluence has shown year-over-year improvement for 3 straight quarters, and we are very pleased with the strong results they are delivering this year. Now to Slide 19. We are on track to achieve our full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA guidance range of $2.6 billion to $2.9 billion. Growth in the year to go will be primarily driven by contributions from new businesses including growth at our U.S. utilities and contributions from new renewables projects coming online. As a reminder, the 3.4 gigawatts of new renewables we expect to add this year represents an increase of over 75% compared to the 1.9 gigawatts we added to our portfolio last year. This amount also represents a doubling of new renewables in the U.S. versus 2022. This growth will be offset by approximately $200 million of LNG sales we've recorded primarily in the third quarter last year, which we do not expect to recur this year. In addition to our adjusted EBITDA, we expect to realize $500 million to $560 million of tax attributes in 2023, bringing our total adjusted EBITDA plus tax attributes to $3.1 billion to $3.5 billion for the year. Turning to Slide 20. We are also reaffirming our full year 2023 adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.65 to $1.75. As a reminder, we expect our adjusted EPS to be heavily fourth quarter weighted due to the late year seasonality of our U.S. renewable project commissioning. Now to our 2023 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 21. Sources reflect approximately $2.4 billion of total discretionary cash, including $1 billion of parent free cash flow, $400 million to $600 million of asset sales and a $900 million parent debt issuance we completed in Q2. For more information on our debt issuances at the parent company and our subsidiaries, please refer to the appendix of the presentation. On the right-hand side, you can see our planned use of capital remains largely in line with guidance, with higher parent investment reflecting our recent acquisition of the 2-gigawatt Belfield project in the U.S. At our Investor Day in May, we outlined our capital allocation plan through 2027, including asset sales, along with debt and potential future equity issuances. We appreciate all of the feedback we've received, and I want to take a moment to clarify that we will only raise and invest capital in a way that's value accretive to our shareholders. Any potential future equity issuances would have to yield accretive value to shareholders for us to pursue equity as a source of capital. We are also committed to improving our credit profile over time and further bolstering our investment grade rating. We have a number of other levers to pull to support our growth such as increased capital recycling through asset sales and sell-downs. Given our strong asset sales track record and recent success, it is possible that any future equity issuances could be materially lower than the 5-year figure we previously shared. As always, our Investor Relations team is happy to take additional feedback and to follow up on additional questions or data requests. In summary, we're continuing to make progress on transforming AES' portfolio while delivering strong growth in adjusted EBITDA, earnings and parent free cash flow. Our businesses are executing successfully and delivering on their commitments. We will continue to allocate our capital towards our high-growth renewables and utilities to maximize shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, we're reaffirming our 2023 guidance for all metrics and our targeted annualized growth rates through 2027. We continue to make substantial progress on our strategic priorities, including tripling our installed renewables capacity by 2027, increasing the rate base at our U.S. utilities by more than 10% per year through 2027 and and transforming our portfolio by exiting coal by the end of 2025, while investing in new technologies. We are delivering on all the commitments we made on our Q4 2022 earnings call and at our Investor Day presentation. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Durgesh, your line is open. Please proceed.
Durgesh Chopra: Andres, just you're now -- if I heard you correctly in your remarks are targeting 5 to 6 gigawatts of new PPAs first. Can you confirm whether that is accurate because that's higher than what kind of you might have locked down in previous years? And then what's driving that higher range?
Andres Gluski: Sure, Durgesh. Good to talk to you. Look, we signed 5.2 gigawatts of new PPAs last year. So what we're seeing this year is we already have 2.2 signed. We have visibility into just 2 projects, which would be another about 2.4, right? Which would put us 4.4. And of course, we have other projects in the pipeline. So we're not really setting out an official target, but I'm saying that we believe that we should be similar to last year. And we do have a couple of what I call these whales, the 1 gigawatt plus targets, but we feel very good because we see a lot of demand for our products. We have people coming to us with products. So it's really looking at how do we best allocate our money where we get the highest returns and best allocate our teams.
Durgesh Chopra: And then maybe when could we get clarity on the potential 600 megawatts in terms of timing. Is that really sort of a Q3 call event when we would know more. How should we think about that? I'm just thinking about the projects that pushed into 2024, yes.
Andres Gluski: Sure. Look, I would say that we feel very good about our construction program. So -- versus -- this was the big challenge of this year to grow our construction program in the U.S. by 100%. We feel very good about it. Unfortunately, a lot of these are slated to be commissioned towards the latter part of the year. So we should have a good view in -- on the Q3 call of where we stand. And whether we're going to do more of these projects this year. But in general, we're very pleased with the supply chain, with our construction teams. The team has really stepped up to the task, and I'm very proud of them.
Durgesh Chopra: And then just one last one for me. Steve, you mentioned that the equity needs could be materially reduced. It's nice to hear that in your prepared remarks. Maybe just can you give us more color when could we get an update on timing? Where are you thinking just the current equity needs, when in the plan are those scheduled to hit? And just when could we get an update?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Look, I mean, as I said in my remarks, Durgesh, this is just a function of multiple levers. And we're seeing a lot of great progress on our asset sale program and the $3 billion that we put out at Investor Day was well below the total universe of opportunities. So -- what I wanted to point out is that we're only going to issue equity in the future, and that could be far in the future to the point that it's value accretive to shareholders, and we haven't also tapped other sources that we intend to tap, which is our asset recycling program. So as you saw with where you run, as we've seen, as we've executed on the renewable sell-downs, as we exit further coal assets, we have a lot of upside in that asset sale number. So at this point, it's indefinitely into the future and our share price would need to be substantially higher than where it is today, and it would have to be value accretive to shareholders on a per share basis.
Andres Gluski: Durgesh, I guess another point I'd like to make is that we've been very effective at bringing in partners to fund our projects. So that's obviously another lever that we have. So we laid out what could be a possible path. We were very conservative on the numbers. But if we don't feel that we want to, at some point in the future, issue equity, we can always invite partners into our project. Of course, we're giving them part of the upside as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. David, your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Arcaro: I was wondering, just what's your latest thinking on just the hydrogen PTC timing in terms of treasury guidance here and what the rules around matching and additionality might be? And kind of just in coordination with that, what are your -- what's your current like project pipeline and discussions with potential partners on that side of the business as it stands currently? .
Andres Gluski: Well, of course, the final rules haven't come out. What I would like to say is that our Felix project -- our project in Texas is -- really would meet the very strictest criteria. So it is additional. It is hourly matched. It is regional. So it has the very lowest carbon footprint technically feasible in the U.S. So I'd like to put that right out there that our project is not dependent in any way about how the rules come out. Now having said that, I do believe that additionality is important. I also believe that we have to move to early matching, in part because we need green hydrogen projects to be tradable goods. So these are the rules in Europe. I also think regionality is important, so we don't add further congestion. So really, what we want is that the new rules come out help us create a market, but they also help lower our total carbon footprint. So we don't want to just be squeezing the balloon, taking off renewable energy from the grid to produce green hydrogen.  And we can get into more specifics there. So I do expect that the rules will come out, we'll incorporate some of these factors. But I want to say that our projects are very solid. We have committed off-takers, which I think is the key because this market for green hydrogen is developing. So to have early-on projects, I think the key is not only have a great project, and it -- with a very low carbon footprint. So you get all of the benefits of the IRA, but to have a committed offtaker.
David Arcaro: And then I was curious if you could speak to the transmission challenges just related to transformation interconnection in the renewable industry. You alluded to it in your commentary, but I was wondering if you could speak to what your kind of current pipeline of maybe transmission positions and also with regard to like early stage development, land positions, things like that. How soon could a transmission constraint potentially impact your business? And how are you positioned now to kind of avoid that in the foreseeable future?
Andres Gluski: Well, look, I think transmission constraints are affecting the market already. So we got out early, and we started getting a filing for interconnections on a big way 3 years ago in key markets like PJM and CAISO. So I think we're in a good position there. I think right now, we have a new industry here. And so I think we have to come to terms with the new definitions. What is pipeline? So for us, pipeline is projects that we already have, either land rights, interconnection rights, real prospects to make a project. And then, of course, there are different phases. Some projects are far more advanced shovel ready and some are more at the beginning of the Q. I think having looked at a lot of say, proposals from other developers, they count pipeline things that are -- we would call prospects. And I think we have to move towards a common definition, I mean, a little bit perhaps like the oil sector, which has possible reserves -- has probable reserves and has proven reserves, right? And I think what's very important is that the -- to get a pipeline, you have to invest and you have to have money. So some of the new changes, for example, on the interconnections will make it a little bit more costly just sort of spurious flood the zone request for interconnections. So maybe Steve can give you some comments on how that is progressing, which would be favorable to us. We don't see any sort of short-run effect of it. But in the long run, it's favorable to us because I think we've been the most, I would say, stringent about what we consider pipeline. And what we're very interested in doing is maximizing the conversion rate. But I do also want to emphasize that if somebody comes to us, a client and ask us to complete on advanced stage development project, that's the best of all worlds because we get to conserve the pipeline. We weren't investing money when it was at the highest risk stage and can bring it online more quickly and satisfy that client.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would just add to that, look, I mean, we're very pleased with the final rules coming out of the third quarter 2023. But although, as Andre said, we've -- this has been our strategy to lead renewables development for many years. So we put ourselves in an advantaged position, I think, many years ago getting into these cues. Nonetheless, it is important for the industry overall for these cues to be move along faster in the process to be more efficient. So having the higher financial thresholds to get into the cues and to stay in the cue, having to demonstrate project maturity in terms of permits, and financing behind them, having cluster studies so that this isn't just a one by one review process. And then having the penalties and the teeth behind the deadlines that have to be met to do the studies is also important. So there's a number of angles at which this issue is being approached through the order. The order is due to be published, I think, very soon and will go into effect 60 days later. I think it's a great thing for the industry. We've already felt great about our position. But of course, over the longer term to have these cues cleaned up and moving faster is very important, and I think we'll further accelerate growth throughout the rest of the decade.
Andres Gluski: And I say, look, we're also taking sort of technological a look at how we can improve transmission for our projects. So this is like using the grid stack to be able to baseload transmission lines, which were really peakers. This means dynamic line rating. This means using our prefab solar, which takes about half the space to be able to put higher loads where we have a good interconnection. And you also noticed that we're putting large battery projects where we have interconnections from our decommissioned coal plants. So we're looking at this problem rather holistically. And again, I think we're in a very good position to take advantage of what's going to be an increasingly congested grid.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Sunderland from JPMorgan. Richard, your line is open. Please proceed.
Richard Sunderland: Circling back to the data center commentary from scripts. Curious how much of a near-term change in C&I demand you're seeing from this subsector specifically? And any indications of upside just on that ramp over the next 1 to 2 years relative to what you were seeing maybe 6 months or a year ago?
Andres Gluski: I would say yes. I mean, the -- there's some definitions that they are waiting for in various markets, but about rules of where you can locate data centers. But no, we're definitely seeing increased interest and increasing demand, and we are the largest provider to U.S. data centers. And so I think we can uniquely provide data centers with the same quality of service, for example, in certain markets abroad, be it Mexico, Chile, Brazil, which is another advantage for us. So yes, we are seeing increased demand from that sector.
Richard Sunderland: And then just wanted to parse the kind of backlog pipeline conversation a little bit more finally for the hydrogen. It sounds like the 1.4 gigawatts for Texas could come in this year. Could you just speak a little bit more to your confidence level there for '23 specifically, and what you're focused on there? And then thinking about the balance of the hydrogen opportunities, when could those come in over the next few years?
Andres Gluski: Well, again, I think we're the most advanced in terms of real green hydrogen projects. So in the U.S., we have committed offtakers for that project in Texas. We have several other projects, including two of the hubs, one in Los Angeles also one in Houston. I would say that we could sign the first project this year. It will be -- we're coming online for 2027 outside our guidance range. And the subsequent wins would be somewhat further out, '27, '28. But what we're seeing is strong demand. And basically, we are seen as a preferred partner by several people. And we also have very good projects, for example, in Chile, which is to green the mining sector. They're heavy equipment. We've already green electricity use, and a possible ammonia export project in the Northeast of Brazil. So again, stay tuned, but I feel quite confident in saying we're the most advanced in projects with committed off-takers. And we think we will hit these numbers. It's really a question of as they come online because you have to have the equipment that can use it. Certainly, in the shorter term, you can substitute green hydrogen in thermal processes in a lot of petrochemicals or steel plants, other things like that. So we have to see as this market develops. But again, I think we're very well positioned. It's a very exciting opportunity for us.
Richard Sunderland: And then just one final one for me. The Belfield project, you've been very clear in a lot of the messaging around how that came together. I'm just curious in terms of considerations around Phase 2 versus Phase 1, just Phase 1 your return thresholds on a stand-alone basis. How do you think about the progress to signing Phase 2? Anything you can offer there would be helpful.
Andres Gluski: I think we're well advanced on Phase 2 is what I'm willing to say. It would be a similar project to Phase 1. So that is the largest solar plus storage project in the U.S. in California. So it's a very unique offering that we can bring together.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Angie, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: So I wanted to start with some high-profile management departures we've seen since the Analyst Day, basically from your core businesses, right, the U.S. utilities and U.S. renewables. I mean, you might be just victims of your own success in a sense, but just how you can reassure us that there's no change in the execution of your growth plans, especially in these 2 businesses and the demand that you have to fill those vacancies?
Andres Gluski: Angie, and thanks for that question. And I think you got it spot on. Look, this is, quite frankly, a symptom of strength in our case. We have the hottest management team in the market. And so of course, people are going to be being made offers. And if people are obviously -- if they want to go to private equity and bet on a longer-term IPO, that's their right. But this in no way affects our business whatsoever. And I think the best proof of that is after the departure in clean energy, we've signed more PPIs. So we're doing very well. I don't expect it to have any impact on the business. And I expect the same in U.S. utilities. I don't expect this will have any impact whatsoever. But it is a sign of that, yes, we have a strong team, we have a deep bench, and we'll continue to identify talent and prepare it and move it up. Again, let's say, where AES was in, say, in 2012 or something, our team wasn't the honest in the business, people wouldn't be trying to poach it. So it is what it is, but I feel very good about where we are, and it doesn't change our plans whatsoever. And I think the teams are very motivated on executing on the plans that we laid out.
Angie Storozynski: And then moving on, I mean, you talked a lot about your backlog of renewable power projects. So -- and then potential monetization of assets in the world of equity. So First, on the backlog, I mean, we've heard stories about some public renewable power developers basically showing in their backlog third-party projects where they don't have exclusivity for these projects. So again, this is just anecdotal evidence, but I'm just wondering if you've heard of those instances and if any of this could be true for you guys?
Andres Gluski: Well, I can say categorically, absolutely, under no uncertain terms, we have no such projects in our backlog. I want to make very clear because maybe some other people are doing that. I think that's not transparent. I would not recommend anybody to do it. In our case, whatever we have in the backlog, we are -- we have the project, we are committed to delivering it on a certain date for a certain amount of time, and our clients have an obligation to take that energy -- a certain amount of energy for a certain amount of time. So this is binding for both sides. And the fact that 43% of our backlog is currently being built, we have ordered all the equipment for our '23 through '25 backlog, and about 3 quarters of them will come online by 2025. So I want to make very clear that's a good question. I wouldn't recommend anybody to do that. And I can say, categorically, we would never do something like that.
Angie Storozynski: And then on the monetization of assets. So I understand that there is a very big difference between the assets that recently transacted and the ones that you are developing, it's only because of the duration of the PPAs, so basically the duration of the cash flows. But on the flip side, right, you have higher discount rates for the DCF value of those cash flows. So I'm just thinking if you were to monetize some of these assets, again, I guess it all depends where the stock is. But again, how would that, from your perspective, demonstrate the value of the portfolio that you currently have?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, Angie, this is Steve. So look, we have, as you know, have been selling down our renewable projects after they've come online and we package them together in portfolio. So we have seen some, I would say, relatively small uptick in return requirements there, but nothing outside the range of what we expected within our plan in terms of -- this is -- these are very low-risk assets. They're solar coupon, essentially, no fuel costs, very low maintenance. So these are very predictable, and the demand for these assets continues to be very strong. So we don't see any impact to the plan for how we sell down from sort of where rates are in the market today. Does that address your question?
Andres Gluski: I think -- I mean the other thing is that these are -- all investment-grade quality offtake or the very highest quality off-takers that you can have. So we are selling down the premium product in the market. So I think it's important to say that, look, people have talked about inflation, people have talked about writing interest rates, we're not seeing a degradation of our margins. So the margin of our money into these projects, we're not seeing any squeeze whatsoever.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And on top of that in site -- so just as Andreas pointed out, with the new project, we have the energy community adder for that project. And actually, most -- all of our wind projects going forward, we expect to qualify for the domestic adder as well, Angie, so there's some significant offsets to the cost of financing that we've been achieving too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Julien, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I know a lot has been said here already, but let me follow up on some details here, just on the year-over-year comparisons here as we go to the back half of the year, if I may. Look, I'd love to talk about -- I think you have in your slides here, $0.24 of positive net impact in the back half of the year from renewables and year-over-year comps on LNG if I rewind here, I think you said in the back half of the year that -- I mean, last year, it was like $0.30 contribution from LNG. Just as I think about that, that seems like a pretty big step-up year-over-year renewables. Can you talk about what renewables assumptions you're baking in as sort of a discrete item in -- especially in the back half of the year to sort of make up for what you need to get to your guidance? And then if I think about the start of the year, right, in terms of what you talked about renewable contributing, I think we talked about $0.27 for the full year. So -- it seems like what's implied here again, I'm curious that renewable is actually contributing more than what we thought at the start of the year and maybe what that says for future years as well. But please, by all means, respond accordingly.
Steve Coughlin: So yes, this is Steve, Julien. So the $0.30 it doesn't -- sound correct or actually more like $0.20 is the LNG year-over-year delta to be offset. And then, of course, we're more than doubling the renewable commissioning this year. So if you recall, it was just around 1 gigawatt last year, and it's 2.1 gigawatts this year, most all of which is in the second half of the year. So what we're carrying in the first half is sort of more of the cost in renewables. The EBITDA has been relatively flat through the first half. In the second half, then we're going to see that renewable number pick up substantially, and that's why we have the 75% loading on the second half of the year earnings. That's a major driver. The other is, of course, utility demand in Ohio and Indiana peaking in Q3. You've got Southland, where we have the peak cooling season in the third quarter. And then we have hydro in Latin America, typically, the volumes are much higher as we come out of the wet season in the summer and the winter and you have the snow melt into the fall. So those are really the primary drivers is the clean energy Southland, the utilities and then some of the hydro assets in Latin America having much more volume in the second half of the year. But the LNG offset is really only about $0.20 for the -- and mostly in the third quarter.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Is there a use on that -- sorry, go forward.
Andres Gluski: I was just say we're executing exactly what we laid out at the beginning of the year. So there's been no change. I want to make that clear.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Yes, this is -- I think we're right at 25% on the EPS, Julian, year-to-date. So this is -- what we're seeing, although the year-over-year in the quarter is lower, that's primarily due to coal retirements in Chile as we've done the green blended extend, some of the coal that's still there, the margins have come down, which was all expected. So we're exactly on track. And also, to your point, there is some potential upside, as Andres noted, we feel really good about being on track with the construction program and there still remains the upside on the 600 megawatts potential.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But the point is the plan for $0.27 of renewables contribution in '23 unchanged from the start of the year still.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Let us get back to you on the exact number because I don't have that math in front of me, but the renewables contribution is looking at least on track, is what I would say.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: If I can give a slight different direction here, trying to follow up on a few earlier questions. Just on the asset sale dynamics versus equity, can you comment a little bit further about what else you're seeing out there? Or what else could be monetized just as you think about deemphasizing equity. It sounds like the principal lever Andres, you were alluding to is that you would just sell down your interest in the new renewables even more so. Is that fair to say in terms of like the alternative lever here versus the corporate level equity? And also just to clarify the point you made earlier on just very precisely, at these levels today, you would definitively move away from the equity levels that you -- equity-ish levels you defined earlier. -- in lieu of these alternatives?
Andres Gluski: So on the first point, no, it's not fair. Characterization is not fair. So what -- look, all right, we have partnerships in all of our businesses. So we don't necessarily have to do it on the new projects. So we can bring in partners to -- money is fungible. So if we monetize a different business, that means we have more money available for renewables. We will -- as we have in the past, we can choose to optimize the return on invested capital. And I think that we're doing a very good job of how we exit coal. I think the Warrior Run monetization, I think is probably better than people's expectations. And so we continue to manage that. So all I'm saying is that -- we never -- as Steve said in his script, we didn't -- we put this out as a 5-year plan. And in the 5-year plan, we had a certain amount of asset sales, a conservative number, and we had a sort of range for potential equity issuance as well. So the 2 somewhat offset each other. So if we do better on the asset sales, we will need less equity and we do better in terms of bringing in partnerships. So what we're saying at these levels, we do not feel comfortable issuing equity. But I think it's been very clear from our presentation that we have tremendous demand for what we're doing. And that is a once-in-a-lifetime market opportunity. So we want to create the most value for our shareholders from that opportunity. So obviously, if we don't have -- what we feel is correctly valued equity, we'll have to use other levers. And this should be nothing new to you guys. We have financed a remarkable change in this company without issuing equity. We did it by selling down assets. We got into wind by bringing in partners. So what we're saying is nothing like a promise for the future. It's just more of the same. So we will use whatever the levers creates the most value for our shareholders, and we will continue to do so.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So your point ultimately is not committing to selling down partners per se, a variety of different sources here incrementally just not issuing the equity at current levels. And if I can also clarify this process underway. I know that it was listed in the queue here as well. Is that still status quo in a way?
Steve Coughlin: No, there's no -- there's no specific Maritza process underway, Julien, at this point. So still evaluating different pathways for Maritza.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Levine from Citi. Ryan, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: A couple of specific follow-on questions. Is your Fluence take core to your portfolio? And I guess secondly, on the financing side, are you still open to considering the convert market to help offset equity issuance?
Steve Coughlin: So this is Steve. So yes, Fluence is part of the portfolio we own roughly 1/3, 34% of Fluence. It is not consolidated, but it does come in through equity method. And we do, in our adjusted EBITDA definition include an adjustment to include Fluence EBITDA. So that does show up and it's in our new energy technologies SBU influence margin...
Ryan Levine: The question is that core, is that core?
Steve Coughlin: Is it core? Or did you say -- is it core to our business?
Ryan Levine: Core.
Steve Coughlin: So look, I mean, I would say -- so given that it's an outside business, I don't think I would parse this out as like core or noncore. It's been a really important strategy for us to be able to lead in energy storage, both in development as well as in the technology as well as sort of advancing the way that storage gets used to create the innovative solutions we've done like 24/7 carbon-free energy to make those products work. We've done a lot of co-innovation, co-development with Fluence around that. So that's, I would say, definitely core to our strategy is what we've been able to do with storage. But as Andres said many times, these are technology businesses of their own right. They're separated. We are not in them indefinitely, and we continue to grow new opportunities. And as we do we may look to monetize part of our positions down the road. No time soon, and we see a lot of value upside. We're very pleased with how the new management team has driven value already that's been recognized, but we still see a lot of upside and there's a lot of partnership that we continue to work on new solutions around. So it is core from that perspective that I laid out.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then on the convert option?
Steve Coughlin: So no, nothing that we're contemplating at this point. I mean, look, we did a $900 million debt deal just in the second quarter. Nothing -- no specific convert for us contemplated at this point.
Ryan Levine: And then last question. In terms of Puerto Rico, what's your strategy there from existing assets and future development perspective?
Andres Gluski: Well, in Puerto Rico, we're greening the island's energy grid. So we do have renewal projects we're bringing in batteries as well. And it's our plan to phase out coal by 2025. So we're assisting the island and its energy transition. And I think we've been very clear what our objectives are.
Operator: Our final question comes from Gregg Orrill from UBS. Gregg, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Probably quick. On AES Ohio, is the DPO rate case, how does that timing compare with what you were assuming in guidance or any other differences with how that's proceeding versus the '23 guidance?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Gregg, it's right on track with what we assumed in our guidance. So the decision has been put on the agenda for next week, August 9, that was just published, I believe, yesterday.  So right on track in terms of when we assume the decision to be made. And we still feel really good about where that is likely to come out. As a reminder, once the decision is made, is to put in place, then the new rates that were decided upon last year immediately go into effect. And as we've laid out, the riders would go into effect and then the frequent quarterly recovery on our distribution investments going forward, would start to be put in place. And so this is a business really pivoting to a very different phase from where we've been delevering and setting that business up for a more normalized structure. This is an important pivot point for Ohio to really pivot to growth, and there's a lot of room for growth as there's the lowest rates in the state there in all customer classes. And even with the ESP 4, the new rates, we expect it to continue to be the lowest rates in the state for the foreseeable future. And we have, as Andres noted, 10%-plus rate base growth expected going forward. So we're very excited about this and look forward to the decision next week.
Andres Gluski: Yes. And I'm also very excited about that Dayton is finally getting incoming investment. So you have a new Honda EV plant to have a battery plant coming into our service area. So you're starting to see an economic recovery. Dayton had sort of been not participating in the expansion that we had seen in Eastern Ohio. So it's a very exciting time, and we're very happy that we could invest and continue to improve the quality of service and continue to attract new investments into the Dayton area. So it's not only a rate base story, I think there's an economic recovery story happening in Dayton for the first time in decades. So it's a very exciting time to be in Dayton.
Operator: I will now hand back to Susan Harcourt for any closing remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference for everybody. Thank you very much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for attending today’s The AES Corporation First Quarter 2023 Financial Review. My name is Alicia, and I’ll be your moderator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass the conference over to your host, Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations with AES Corporation. You may now proceed.
Susan Harcourt: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2023 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC.  Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our first quarter 2023 financial review call. We are very pleased with our progress so far this year. And today, I will discuss our first quarter results and provide key business updates. Steve Coughlin, our CFO, will give some more detail on our financial performance and outlook. Beginning on Slide 3. As you may have seen in our press release, we introduced new strategic business units, which better reflect the greatly simplified company that AES is today and the pillars of our future growth. We will be giving a broader strategic review at our Investor Day on Monday, including an update on our portfolio transformation and an overview of our strong growth expectations for our renewables and utility businesses. Our first quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share was $0.22 compared with $0.21 in 2022, which is in line with our expectations. With these results and the underlying performance we are seeing across our business, we are reaffirming our 2023 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $1.65 to $1.75, and our 7% to 9% annualized growth rate target through 2025. Now turning to Slide 4. We continue to see strong demand for renewables both in the U.S. and internationally, including from U.S. corporate customers with operations in international markets. So far this year, we have signed PPAs for 309 megawatts of new renewables, including 154 megawatts of wind with a U.S. technology customer in Brazil. We’re in advanced negotiations for several large additional projects and remain on track to meet our PPA signing target of 14 to 17 gigawatts over the next 3 years. In the U.S., key elements of the inflation Reduction Act or IRA are being clarified. This past month, the Department of Treasury and the IRS release detailed guidance on how clean energy projects located in energy communities can qualify for an additional 10% bonus tax credit. We estimate that approximately 1/3 of our 51 gigawatt pipeline of projects in the U.S. would qualify, which directly translates into a combination of higher potential returns and increased competitiveness for the projects we are developing. We are currently awaiting treasury department guidance on certain provisions of the IRA, including requirements for the clean hydrogen production tax credit. As a reminder, at our green hydrogen project in Texas, the largest advanced green hydrogen project in the U.S., which we are developing jointly with Air Products. We plan to co-locate 1.4 gigawatts of new renewables with the electrolyzers. This means that the projects would have the lowest possible carbon emissions of any known project in the U.S. Additionally, the project is located adjacent to the site of a decommissioned coal plant, which will provide significant existing infrastructure. All of these attributes and the fact that the energy will include hourly matching indicate that the project should qualify for the highest possible tax credit in any scenario. Turning to Slide 5. Our backlog of projects with signed long-term contracts is now around 12 gigawatts. Of which roughly half are already under construction. We continue to maintain a robust supply chain, and we continue to hit our construction milestones without delay. We expect to bring online more than 3 gigawatts of new wind, solar and battery storage this year. As we bring projects currently in the backlog online in coming years, we will nearly double our installed renewables capacity, making us one of the fastest-growing renewable companies in the world. Turning to Slide 6. We are also happy to report a positive development at AES Ohio which puts us on track for unprecedented growth in the business. In April, AES Ohio signed a comprehensive settlement agreement for its Electric Security Plan, or ESP 4 which received broad support from residential, commercial, industrial and low-income customers. The settlement included the commission staff as a signatory, and we expect to receive final approval by the end of the third quarter. With ESP 4 in place, along with our existing investment programs, we expect to more than double our rate base by the end of 2027 which would make AES Ohio, one of the fastest-growing utility businesses in the country, while still having the lowest tariffs in the state. Turning to Slide 7. We also reached a major milestone towards exiting coal by the end of 2025. We agreed to terminate the PPA at the Warrior Run plant in Maryland, for which we will receive total payments of $357 million. We will retain control of the site and are exploring new uses that capitalize on its valuable location and existing infrastructure. We see this transaction is very beneficial for all parties involved. Moving to Slide 8. We signed agreements to extend the operations of 1.4 gigawatts of gas generation at our legacy Southland units in California for 3 more years. These plans were previously scheduled to retire at the end of this year. The extensions will lock in additional upside and will help meet the state of California’s grid liability needs while supporting its efforts to transition over time to low carbon source of electricity. The monetization of the contract that Warrior Run and the extension of the legacy Southland units are both good examples of how we are creating value from our existing infrastructure assets during the energy transition. Finally, as I mentioned earlier, we will be holding an Investor Day on Monday, where we will be sharing our strategic long-term view of the company, discussing our new business segments and providing long-term growth rates through 2027 for adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA and parent free cash flow. With that, I would like to turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss our first quarter results, 2023 guidance and 2023 parent capital allocation. Turning to Slide 10. As Andres mentioned, in the first quarter, we launched our new Strategic Business Units or SBUs. This new organizational structure reflects AES very focused and simplified portfolio. It also aligns our management teams by business line to maximize our operational synergies and to continue delivering excellent customer experiences across all our markets. Our new SBU reporting segments highlight our rapidly growing renewables and utility businesses and facilitate simplified modeling of AES, which will benefit current and new potential shareholders and analysts. Our new SBUs include renewables, which includes our solar, wind, energy storage and hydro businesses, utilities, which includes AES Indiana, AES Ohio and AES Salvador, Energy infrastructure composed of our thermal generation and LNG infrastructure businesses and new energy technologies, which includes our investments in energy technology businesses such as Fluence and Uplight as well as our green hydrogen business line and future new business innovations which support our mission. In addition to the SBUs, we also have a corporate reporting segment, which includes our corporate G&A our parent level debt and associated interest expense in our captive insurance program called AGC. Turning to Slide 11. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.22 versus $0.21 last year. Our business was favorable year-over-year, which I will discuss in more detail shortly. Our results were also impacted by higher parent interest expense and a lower adjusted tax rate. Now to Slide 12. We are fully on track to achieve our full year 2023 adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.65 to $1.75. We expect a significant contribution from new renewables of at least $0.27 this year. This is partially offset by lower contributions from LNG sales, as we have previously mentioned, higher parent interest expense from incremental debt and higher rates on our revolving credit facility and a marginally higher tax rate this year. As is typically the case, our earnings are heavily weighted toward the second half of the year. This year, we expect approximately 3/4 of our earnings to occur in the second half. Growth in the year to go will be primarily driven by contributions from new businesses including over 3 gigawatts of projects in our backlog coming online, which remains solidly on track for completion. We are also reaffirming our expected 7% to 9% average annual growth target through 2025. Turning to Slide 13. As you may have seen in our press release, while we continue to report adjusted EPS, today, we are also introducing adjusted EBITDA as a new reporting metric. As the renewables portion of our business grows at an extremely high rate, we believe adjusted EBITDA is a very informative metric in understanding our business results. First, it aligns well with the performance of our underlying business and operating cash generation. And second, adjusted EBITDA is reported before the impact of U.S. renewables tax attributes so that investors and analysts can separate renewable operating earnings from the very valuable tax incentives for U.S. renewables. Beginning this quarter, I will discuss our new SBU financial results using adjusted EBITDA, with the exception of our utilities SBU, which will be measured using adjusted pretax contribution, or PTC, to facilitate comparisons with other utilities. We will provide full year guidance by SBU during our Investor Day on Monday. Adjusted EBITDA was $628 million this quarter versus $621 million in the prior year. This was driven by higher first quarter LNG sales and growth in renewables, but was partially offset by the impact of warmer than normal weather at our U.S. utilities. I’ll cover the performance of our new SBUs in the next 4 slides. Beginning with our renewables SBU on Slide 14. Higher EBITDA was driven primarily by a higher level of generation at our facilities in Panama higher wind generation and contributions from new businesses. This was partially offset by higher spend as we continue to ramp up our renewables development and lower power prices impacting our Bulgaria wind facility. Lower PTC at our Utilities SBU was mostly driven by warmer-than-normal winter weather and higher interest expense, but partially offset by higher revenues as a result of our continued investment in the rate base. Higher EBITDA and our energy infrastructure SBU primarily reflects higher LNG sales, partially offset by lower margins from coal PPAs, the retirement of our coal plant in Hawaii last year and lower availability at Southland Energy. Finally, higher EBITDA at our New Energy Technologies SBU reflects a significant improvement in operations and gross margins at Fluence. Now to our 2023 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 18. Sources reflect approximately $2.1 billion to $2.6 billion of total discretionary cash, including $950 million to $1 billion of parent free cash flow, $400 million to $600 million of proceeds from asset sales and $700 million to $1 billion of planned parent debt issuance. On the right-hand side, you can see our planned use of capital. We will return nearly $500 million to shareholders this year. This consists of our common share dividend, including the previously announced 5% increase as well as the coupon on the equity units. We plan to invest approximately $1.7 billion toward new growth, of which the majority will go to renewables and utilities. In summary, we’ve made great progress on our financial commitments for the year. At our Investor Day on Monday, we will provide detail on the strategy and future of AES overall and for each of our new SBUs. We will also provide long-term growth rates through 2027 for adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA and parent free cash flow. I look forward to talking with many of you then. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, we are pleased with our progress to date and remain on track to hit our 2023 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $1.65 to $1.75 and our 7% to 9% annualized growth rate target through 2025. We continue to see strong demand for renewables and especially from our corporate customers. Our supply chain is robust and our construction projects are progressing as planned. We’re also encouraged by the settlement agreement at AS Ohio, which paves the way for final approval of our new electric security plan later this year and creates the framework for significant investments in the utility. Finally, we see our successful negotiations to terminate the Warrior Run contract and extend the operations of the 1.4 gigawatts of our legacy South line units as indicative of the success we are having in maximizing shareholder value from our existing assets as we transform the portfolio. We look forward to providing a broader strategic update at our Investor Day on Monday, including more details around our growth plans and guidance through 2027. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. You may now proceed.
David Arcaro: Hi, good morning thanks for taking my question. One thing I wanted to check on, would there be any risk to your renewables growth outlook if the AD/CVD tariffs were to come back into effect just after we’ve seen the House and Senate passed some legislation there. Just curious how you view that risk and also just longer term, how you mitigate that AD/CVD tariff risk.
Andres Gluski: Yes, honestly, we don’t see any risk whatsoever. First, it in the past, I believe the setting was 56 votes, and that was -- the President will be to it. And by the -- we have all the panels that we need for this year, and expect to have for next year, by June of next year when the tariff, let’s say, tariff holiday rolls off. So we’re in very good shape for 2023 and 2024. And after that, we expect to have supply coming in from the U.S. We’re having no problems from our suppliers getting through under the UFLPA. So really, I think we’re in the best shape of anybody. We have not delayed a single project due to solar panel supply issues to date. And I think that’s something -- I don’t know if anybody else can say that.
David Arcaro: Excellent. That’s helpful. And then I was just curious, any updates into the visibility for the 600 megawatts of projects that are potentially getting completed this year, but could get pushed to next year? Any increased visibility there at this point in the year?
Andres Gluski: Look, as I said in my script, we are progressing well we have the supply chain. Everything is in place. But look, we won’t know until the fourth quarter of this year, and they’re going to fall in this year and they’re going to follow in next. But I would remind everybody that’s not value issue. If they come in a couple of weeks later, it doesn’t affect the profitability of the project at all. It is an accounting issue. But as of now, we we’re doing well, but we can’t say -- give you any particular update with greater clarity and probably until the fourth quarter of this year.
David Arcaro: Yes. Understood. That makes sense. And just one other quick question. I was curious if with the Warrior run project. Is there any level of EBITDA or earnings contribution that you would point to for that as that rolls off? And then curious how you think about the use of proceeds there if there’s debt specifically on the project that would be paid down or if it gets used more broadly at the corporate level?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, hi, this is Steve. There is definitely earnings from this. And so effectively, we’re monetizing the remaining 7 roughly years of the PPA this year. And so we’ll recognize earnings this year, and we expect to have an obligation for capacity through the middle of next year. So the earnings over this termination agreement will be recognized over roughly 11, 12 months following when the commission approval comes in. So say if it comes in, in June, probably about half this year and half next year. And there’s very little debt to pay down here. So this is -- these proceeds will likely -- this is a 7-year payment stream, but we’ll likely monetize that this year. And then that’s captured in our asset sale in terms of our capital sources this year, if you saw on that slide. So that will be used to fund the growth of the business.
David Arcaro: Okay, perfect. Great, thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. You may now proceed.
Agnieszka Storozynski: Good morning. So I know we’re going to talk about it on Monday, this transition from EPS to EBITDA. And if I understand correctly, at least that’s how I see it. It’s about renewables being more levered and having a higher depreciation rate than the thermal assets, for example, however. So there’s only one issue here that as we’re looking at the first quarter results, right, the contributions from renewables seems very small, right, to the total EBITDA. So that’s one. And also, as you are aware, there are different ways how your peers show adjusted EBITDA. I mean in your case, you’re adjusting it for minority interest there’s no inclusion of the tax benefits, which, again, might understate the EBITDA versus what your peers report. So anyway -- and I know that we’re going to talk about it on Monday, but just ease us into this EBITDA transition, please?
Andres Gluski: Sure, Angie. Well, thanks for the question. Look, first, I’d say, we continue to provide adjusted earnings per share guidance. And as we said, we’ll be providing adjusted earnings per share guidance through 2027 on Monday. So I want to make that perfectly clear, but we’re adding as an additional indicator which is adjusted EBITDA that we’re going to be giving. And partly, it’s to give greater clarity into our performance of our renewables and partly that has to do with sort of the lumpiness of the projects. So that’s the real reason that we’re giving an additional one. It also helped people to do so, for example, if some of the parts of our different businesses, renewables, utilities, infrastructure. So I want to make very clear that we are providing adjusted earnings per share through 2027. Regarding the other questions that you have, I’m going to go ahead and pass that to Steve.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Thanks, Andres, and thanks, Angie. So definitely, we’ll be talking some more about this on Monday. But our goal here is to really give the clarity that we think is important to understand and model the business. So as Andre said, we’ll give the adjusted EPS, we’ll also give the EBITDA, which is more closely aligned to the underlying business performance and cash generation from the PPAs and then we’ll also give the tax attributes and then the sum of the adjusted EBITDA plus the tax attributes. So we think it’s going to be a very complete view and package that helps people truly understand how the business is earning and generating cash. From the different components of the PPAs and the tax attributes.
Agnieszka Storozynski: Okay. And then you can also help us how to allocate the corporate leverage across -- I mean, again, if we are trying to move to the sum of the part valuation from an EBITDA perspective, we need to figure out how to allocate the corporate debt, right, among these subsidiaries.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. I mean, certainly, in our reporting now, we’ll be able to separate the debt here for the business. And then as we look ahead, most all of our growth is in renewables and Utilities. About 80% of the growth is in renewables and utilities and about close to 0.75 80% in the U.S. market. So I think you’ll have a lot of good detail to help understand how to do that allocation.
Agnieszka Storozynski: Okay, okay. See you guys on Monday. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you Miss Storozynski. The next question comes from the line of Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan. You may now proceed.
Richard Sunderland: Hi, good morning and thanks for the time today. Maybe I’ll pick it up where Angie left off on the new SBUs. Turning to the new energy technologies, SBU, can you speak more to the green hydrogen side. Curious if this represents a shift in thinking of where you like to be involved in hydrogen? Or are you just specifically calling out the breakout there relative to the renewables feeding in?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Thanks for the question. Look, what I’d say is that we have a very interesting pipeline, which we’ll be discussing on Monday of green hydrogen projects. We really think we’re a leader here. We have the most advanced and lowest carbon emitting project in Texas here in the U.S. But we also have projects in Los Angeles. We have projects in Houston. We have projects in Brazil for export, and we have projects in Chile for the -- for our corporate clients or the mining sector. So we’ll be providing more color there. Now in the specific case, for example, Texas, we do co-own the electrolyzers as well as the renewables with our joint venture partner of Air Products. And the reason for that is to really maximize the value of the project because even though the project will be basically co-locating all the renewables with the electrolyzers, it is interconnected with the grid. So there could be occasions just to give you a hypothetical polar vortex in Texas where the most profitable use of our renewables is to inject them into the grid and actually not run the electrolyzers. And so we wanted to have all of our interests aligned. So there will be some projects like that where we also own the electrolyzers as well. In the case of Texas, it’s a take-or-pay with Air Products, but there are other ones in which we would be selling possibly selling green hydrogen to our corporate customers to whom we’re already selling renewables. So that’s the reason for calling it out. Also, as you know, AES next looks at what’s next in terms of technologies. So we’re also, I would say, have it there so that we can look at what new technologies help us produce green hydrogen, cheaper and better for our clients. So that’s the reason for calling it out there.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. That’s very clear. Sticking with the SBU theme, energy infrastructure, are you able to disclose how much of that is called today?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So we have roughly a little bit shy of 7 gigawatts of coal today, and that includes some of the assets that we’ve already announced sales and retirement of including, for example, Mong gang in Vietnam, some of the retirements in Chile, and Ventanas, for example, so that number is coming down rapidly, but that’s roughly what’s in the base of energy infrastructure today.
Richard Sunderland: Just this on an EBITDA contribution basis or a percentage of SBU basis?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So on a percentage, so what we’ve talked about is it’s about $0.30 of EPS is coming from coal today. Now what’s important is that is -- that’s not all necessarily going away. For example, we are converting the Petersburg 3 of 4 units in Indiana under the integrated utility in Indiana. So this will leave -- this will actually be a new investment to do the gas conversion, and so there’ll be earnings from the rate base and the increasing rate base from that asset. And then in other cases, we are looking at some additional conversion opportunities for these. And then, of course, where there is sales, we’ll have proceeds from those sales to then recycle capital into the renewable and utility growth segments.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Very helpful. And then just one more for me. in consideration of the Warrior Run termination relative to the $400 million to $600 million asset sale target, where are you currently with announced and closed transactions relative to that range?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So we -- I mean we initially announced this exit a year ago. And -- but really prior to that, we had already been significantly reducing our coal portfolio. So our coal portfolio at one point was around 22 gigawatts and we’re already down to 7%. So the reality is we’ve already executed on 2/3 of this program over the many years. And as we a year ago saw the pathway to meet our financial commitments and to fully exit coal, which we think is going to attract new investors to AES that have some bright line thresholds here. We saw that path. So I think we’ve made tremendous progress already, and we have visibility into how we’re going to exit the remaining assets, either through sales that we’ve announced, additional sales that we have not yet announced and then some of these conversions and retirement that will continue. So we feel very good about the program and very good about the earnings trajectory even post coal.
Richard Sunderland: But just on the numbers -- sorry. Sorry, Andres.
Andres Gluski: No. Just what I would add is that just like we have simplified our portfolio, getting out of different markets over time. I think we’ve done it in a way that maximizes shareholder value. I think we’re doing the same with coal. So we could have perhaps accelerated this faster. But I think where you’re run and for example, the monetization, some years ago, the BHP contract in Chile shows that we’re really able to make money from the transition and tying this in a way that we can provide renewables to meet the energy demands of our clients, in some cases, batteries or hydro to meet the capacity or dispatchable need. So I just mentioned that we feel very good about the program, and we think we’re executing very well on it.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Thank you. But just on the Warrior Run $357 million, $400 million is the low range of the 23 targets that gets you most of the way there? And then did you receive any proceeds on the quarter? Or is the rest either, I guess, Jordan or future announcements?
Steve Coughlin: We had -- so also included in that number is the asset or the renewable business recycling. So we had the closure of that operating portfolio of renewable assets that capital into recycling it to new growth in renewable. So that’s an important part of the program here is not just exits of coal, but also the way we recycle capital. Once we’ve derisked projects, we brought them online, we’ve recognized tax credits. We sell them down to relatively low-risk type capital and improve both our returns as well as then help us support a higher growth rate in the renewables business. So that’s part of the asset sale program. And then we have the Jordan sale that has not yet been closed, but it’s been announced, and then there’s some additional possible sales and sell-downs in the works this year that could come into that number. But as you point out, we’ve already made significant progress towards the target this year. So we feel very good about the target that we’ve laid out.
Richard Sunderland: Perfect. Well thank you for the time today. See you on Monday.
Steve Coughlin: See you on Monday.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Sunderland. The next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. You may now proceed.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey good morning team. Thanks for taking my questions. Andres, just -- can you comment on the new PPAs signed year-to-date. When I compare this to first quarter of last year that is 2022, it signed over a gig you’ve only signed 309 megawatts. I think in your commentary, you mentioned a couple of large contracts. So just maybe a little bit more color there? And are you confident that the 4 to 4.5 to 5.5 gigs per year signage, is that -- are you still tracking well against that?
Andres Gluski: Well, thanks for the question. It’s a great question. Look, we feel very good. And the one thing is, if you recall from last year, I believe we had a lot of signings in the last quarter. And so what we’re seeing here, these things are lumpy. So we have been ranked 2 years running as the largest developer of renewable projects for corporations. And so when you’re dealing with these corporations, these are big projects. So one project can easily be a giga. For example, the just another case, our green hydrogen project in Texas, that’s 1.4 giga. So these are lumpy. So I’m not the least bit concerned about meeting our growth targets. We’re seeing a lot of interest. We’re in advanced negotiations. But they don’t count until you sign them. So we feel good about them. No cause for concern. And that’s one of the issues we have, that they’re lumpy. But when you’re going for big contracts, as an example, the project -- the green hydrogen project in Texas, that’s 1.4 gigawatts just in one. And we have others that are in that range. So it’s going to be lumpy, but we’re not concerned because we will land enough of these to keep us on track.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. That’s very clear. And maybe is there a cost update on the -- on your joint venture, the hydrogen project with APD. I know their project, and I’m not -- I’m going to mispronounce this, but NUM. They had some increases early in the year when they reported, I believe. So any update to cost there in terms of the overall project cost or cost allocated to you for that project?
Andres Gluski: Look, we have no update for cost. It’s still going to be in the range of around $4 billion, the whole project. We think it’s, again, it’s going to be the lowest carbon project in the states. As you know, you have a $3 per kilogram subsidy, if you have below a certain threshold of carbon intensity. So we feel we’re well within that. If you have less than that, for example, if you’re taking energy from the grid, then it drops to $1. So we feel very good about that. In terms of the costs, what I’d say is what they announced on their Neon project. And again, I’m just repeating what they put on there that they were going to make some more capital investments to lower operating costs. So it’s the Neon project in Saudi Arabia which is very good for us because they are using a very similar project to this one but it’s at more advanced, so we can learn from that project jointly learned from that project. But no, we have no updates, but we have no reason to think that there’d be any additional cost overruns at this point in time.
Durgesh Chopra: That’s very helpful color. Thank you Andres. See you on Monday.
Andres Gluski: See you on Monday.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Chopra. The next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. You may now proceed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning team. Thank you guys for the time and the question here. Look, I just wanted to follow up on the ITC, PTC conversation we’ve been having of late. Just curious, are you guys still pretty committed to using ITCs. I know some of your peers have been evolving towards PTCs, you guys focused on the Eastern U.S. Can you talk about the thought process and philosophy there? And then also to follow up back on Angie’s question to the extent to which that you are using ITCs. 70-30 split is still good. I know that, for instance, here in the quarter for tax cut, it’s fairly low. So I just want to make sure that ITC heuristic of 70-30 in year 1, year 2 still applies.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Julien, it’s Steve. So definitely, we have the lion’s share of our tax attributes are from investment tax credits and will continue to be. So -- and I would say when we look at the investment tax credit with the profile of when projects are coming online, it is roughly fair to say about 2/3 of the investment tax credit gets recognized in the year of the commissioning and then about 1/3, 30% in the second year following commissioning. So that holds. The total volume of tax credits will grow annually, and we expect as the portfolio grows. So we’re targeting the commissioning of about 2.1 gigawatts this year of U.S. renewables, say that doubles next year, I would expect the volume of tax attributes to roughly follow that same growth rate. So a doubling of the tax credit from this year to next year, just as it doubled from last year to this year when we went from 1 gigawatts to 2 gigawatts. The production tax credit is a good incentive in some or a better incentive in some projects. Typically, it has been in wind. But in some cases now where we see an energy community adder now that we have some clarity on that. And we see the potential for domestic content adders with the investment tax credit. Keep in mind, those adders are actually richer on the investment tax credit than they are on the production tax credit basis the way the higher was written. So we -- there’s a bit of an offset there in that some projects where we have a very healthy pipeline, good opportunity to get these bonuses, the investment tax credit may still be the best option. But we’ll look at that project by project and look at what yields the best returns. But I see very strong growth in our tax attribute number year-over-year going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. But the point is your ITC, you’re still vastly weighted towards ITC versus PTC, right, as you have been and you don’t intend to change that necessarily, especially given your commentary here. I just want to make sure there’s been some concern otherwise.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Vastly. And the vastness of that will be clear on Monday when I show you the tax credit breakdown between ITC and PTC. And then also keep in mind that for our backlog we’ve essentially locked in already that election and who that tax equity partner is going to be. So for the next couple of years, it’s pretty well decided.
Andres Gluski: The one thing I would add on the... Julien, so we’ll be doing more wind in the states, which will be PTC. So for example, the project in Texas is 900 megawatts of wind. So yes, we’ve been more towards ITC partly is because we’ve been very heavily in solar. We’re very strong in solar. Over time, we expect more of a balance.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And then on just the backlog adds, I know you said it’s lumpy, but is domestic content is one of the reasons why customers aren’t moving because they don’t have guidance from treasury yet and so therefore, holding folks back? We’ve heard this from some folks.
Andres Gluski: Yes. I mean in our case, not really. I think I would point to that. It’s just we’re in some negotiations for some whales. And when we land them, it will come through. What did happen last year because of the OXi tariff circumvention case that did delay projects. It did delay projects and set them off into, let’s say, a longer time horizon than would otherwise. But again, since we do a lot of bilateral negotiations, and we haven’t had any problems with our supply chain. That is not what’s driving it. Where the domestic content issue does come in is in terms of the $6 billion contract we have for domestic manufacturer of solar panels here in the states. And so obviously, what’s key there before sort of sitting on the dot line is what is domestic content. And the main difference is how granular it’s defined because if it’s more similar to what has been done, for example, for wind, then it’s much easier to comply with initially. But our plan is to move up the supply chain and have more and more of the inputs made in the states, including some of the more basic minerals, et cetera, coming in. We already have with our suppliers, the wafering is moving out of China, which was the last sort of main component. We’re already buying panels that were made outside of China. And of course, all the wafering etcetera was done in Eastern China, not Western China. So we feel very good about that, and we’ve had no issue thus far.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And last question just on 23 earnings. Just when you look at some of the items in the quarter, whether it was the gain on the asset sale, or whether it was LNG, was that upside relative to the plan? Are you trending better than you would have expected? Or was that gain kind of contemplated in your 2023 guide earlier when you think about your positioning on the year here?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. I would say some of these are definitely upsides, Julien. So all else being equal, yes, there’s upside. Unfortunately, as is the case, I think, with most utilities, the warmer winter weather was somewhat of an offset to those upsides for the first quarter. So we still see the potential for upside above even the midpoint of our guidance, but that’s not -- it remains to be seen how the rest of the year goes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, excellent guys. See you Monday. Thank you very much. All the best.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Julien. The next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with UBS. You may now proceed.
Gregg Orrill: Yes hi, thanks for the question. I was wondering if you could. Congratulations. I was wondering if you could touch on the financing plan, just sort of the levers that you feel are available to you for equity or equity-like and would you need that to execute at least the plan through 2025, just to sort of reaffirm your thoughts there. Thank you.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. No, it’s Steve. So sure. So we’ll definitely talk some more about the longer-term financing plan through 2027. So I think that will give additional color. So we’ll hold for that. This year, I think as I laid out on the slide, we will raise additional parent debt capital largely to fund growth in the renewables segment. And then we have the asset sale program in addition to the close to $1 billion of parent free cash flow coming up from the existing business. So there’s no plan for equity this year. Looking ahead, we’ll talk some more about that in the plan for Monday. What I would say there is, certainly, we have we’re well positioned for growth. We’re in a leadership position, and we want to grow beyond 2025. But certainly, through 2025, we would not need equity to meet our 2025 commitments. However, we would expect to start investing in growth, including things like the green hydrogen project, which would get started before 2025 to support the second half of the decade. But we’ll share more detail on that on Monday.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Orrill. The next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. You may now proceed.
Ryan Levine: Hi. Hoping to get a better understanding of how you arrived at the new disclosure. You’re using EBITDA with additional tax disclosure. How did you decide on that versus maybe CAFD or free cash flow for FFO metrics than some other peers are utilized?
Andres Gluski: I would say, look, part of it is that, that’s what the most of our peers are using. And what we felt was most transparent is to provide EBITDA and also then the tax attributes. And so if for comparison purposes, you need to add the two, you can do so. But it was really try to make it easier on everyone by using what’s most used in the market.
Ryan Levine: And then in terms of the new developments and extending contracts in California, are you anticipating that, that get extended further beyond the initial expansion that was recently announced?
Andres Gluski: I think -- we’ve got a 3-year extension. It’s -- those assets -- those locations are extremely valuable for the grid. So we’ll see what developments there are. But right now, 3 years going forward, it’s pretty good.
Ryan Levine: Okay. Thank you.
Andres Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Levine. There are no additional questions waiting at this time. So I will pass the conference back over to Susan Harcourt, for closing remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today’s call. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day on Monday. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and a warm welcome to the AES Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2022 Financial Results Call. My name is Candice, and I will be your moderator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand you over to our host, Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations. The floor is yours. Please go ahead.
Susan Harcourt: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter and full-year 2022 financial review call. Our press release, presentation, and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full-year 2022 financial review call. Today, I will discuss our 2022 financial results and strategic accomplishments, as well as our 2023 guidance. Steve Coughlin, our CFO will discuss our financial results and outlook in more detail shortly.  Beginning with our 2002 results and accomplishments on Slide 3. I am very pleased with our performance in 2022, which was our best year ever. Adjusted EPS came in at $1.67, above our guidance range of $1.55 to $1.65. This accomplishment is primarily the result of three factors: strong performance across our portfolio, growth in renewables, particularly from solar and energy storage in the U.S., and the benefit of embedded optionality in our LNG contracts. Turning to Slide 4. I would like to highlight an area in which we are particularly proud of our performance, our success in bringing our construction projects online. In 2022, despite numerous market-wide challenges throughout the year, we added approximately 2 gigawatts of new projects to our portfolio, which was consistent with our expectations at the beginning of the year. Our success was the result of the extensive work we have done to develop the people, processes, and solid supplier relationships to rapidly expand our portfolio of renewables. We see our ability to execute as the source of competitive advantage that is highly valued in the marketplace. Not only does it support our strong global customer relationships, but it also contributes to our confidence in our long-term forecast. In addition to our execution, 2022 was a year where we focused on taking actions that will position us well for future growth. These actions included signing a record number of new PPAs for projects that we will complete in the coming years, investing in our pipeline of future projects, creating a leading position in green hydrogen, establishing strong regulatory foundations to support future utility growth, and achieving significant cold phase out milestones in Hawaii and Chile. As you can see on Slide 5, 2022 was a record year for PPA signings for AES. We signed 5.2 gigawatts of renewables under long-term contracts, increasing our backlog to 12.2 gigawatts. In fact, for the second year in a row, BNEF reported that AES signed more renewable deals with corporate customers than anyone else in the world. This included an expansion of our 24/7 structured projects. Moving to Slide 6. We also worked hard throughout the year to grow our pipeline of future projects, which increased by 25% to 64 gigawatts, including 51 gigawatts in the U.S. We see extensive and growing demand for renewables worldwide and expect that in the future a key limitation to growth will be the availability of projects. We have been preparing by investing in land, interconnections, and permitting work to advance the projects that will be used for future PPA signings. Turning to Slide 7. We also established ourselves as a leader in green hydrogen. In December, we announced a partnership with Air Products to develop, build, and own, and operate the largest green hydrogen production facility in the U.S. This project will have the capacity to produce more than 200 metric tons per day of green hydrogen and will include approximately 1.4 gigawatts of wind and solar generation. It builds upon the expertise we have developed in combining renewables to create around the clock carbon free energy. This project has the potential to serve approximately 4,000 trucks, which while significant represents less than 0.1% of the current market for long haul trucking. As such, we see a massive total addressable market for decarbonizing the transportation sector. Turning to Slide 8. Another focus of our 2022 work was to develop strong regulatory foundations for future growth at our U.S. Utilities, where we expect to grow the combined rate basis 9% annually through 2025. Specifically, at AES Ohio, we filed a new electric security plan or ESP 4 to enhance and upgrade the network and improve service reliability.  With the lowest [CND rates] [ph] in the states, across all customer categories, AES Ohio is well positioned to make the much needed customer centric investments. A ruling by the Ohio Commission on ESP 4 is expected this summer. Finally, we're pleased with the constructive outcome of AES Ohio's distribution rate case in which the Ohio Commission approved an annual revenue increase of $75.6 million. At AES Indiana, we filed our integrated resource plan for IRP with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission in December. AES Indiana's near term plan includes the conversion of the utility's last two coal units to natural gas in 2025 using an existing on-site gas pipeline. It also includes the addition of up to 1.3 gigawatts of new wind, solar, and energy storage by 2027 and should reduce AES Indiana's carbon intensity by two-thirds from 2018 to 2030. This plan is an important step to fully transition away from coal and provides the opportunity for substantial additional investments at AES Indiana. Now, turning to our outlook for 2023 on Slide 9. Today, we're initiating adjusted EPS guidance of $1.65 to $1.75, and reaffirming our long-term growth rate of 7% to 9% through 2025 for both adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow of a base year of 2020. Our focus this year will remain on execution. As you can see on Slide 10, we expect to complete approximately 3.4 gigawatts of new projects, including 2.1 gigawatts in the U.S. I will note that our 2023 guidance range does not include a potential upside from 600 megawatts of projects currently scheduled to be completed in December 2023, but which are likely to come online in 2024. Looking at our growth through 2025 on Slide 11. We expect to maintain the pace of PPA signings we have established with an estimated 14 gigawatts to 17 gigawatts expected to be signed over the next three years. We see strong demand for renewables across all of our key markets, particularly the U.S. where the benefits of the Inflation Reduction Act or IRA are becoming even clearer. Thus, given the strength of our backlog and our visibility into future PPA signings and project completions. We are confident in reaffirming our long-term guidance through 2025. Finally, today we're announcing that we will hold an Investor Day this spring, we will be sharing our strategic long-term view of the company, introducing new business segments, and extending our long-term growth rate. We will provide additional details at a later date. With that, I now would like to turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres, and good morning everyone. Today, I will cover the following key topics. Our financial performance during 2022, our parent capital allocation, and our 2023 guidance and expectations through 2025. As Andres mentioned, our results for 2022 demonstrate the strength, resiliency, and flexibility of our portfolio as we surpassed our guidance range of $1.55 to $1.65. Overall, our portfolio was well structure to perform in the current market environment and is well-positioned for growth as AES continues to lead the global energy transition. Turning to Slide 13. Full-year 2022 adjusted EPS was $1.67 versus $1.52 in 2021, driven primarily by a significant volume of LNG sales in our increased ownership of AES Andes. These positive drivers were partially offset by unplanned outages, several one-time expenses we recorded at our U.S. and utilities and South America SBUs, a higher share count as a result of the 2021 accounting adjustment for our equity units, and higher parent interest stemming from higher debt balances. The $1.67 per share also includes approximately $0.12 of losses from AES Next. Primarily from our ownership in Fluence, which served as an additional drag year-over-year. We expect Fluence's results to significantly improve beginning this year as they discussed on their recent earnings call. Turning to Slide 14. Adjusted pretax contribution or PTC was $1.6 billion for the year, an increase of 149 million and a 11% growth over 2021. I'll cover our results in more detail over the next four slides, beginning with the U.S. and utilities SBU on Slide 15. Lower PTC in the U.S. was primarily driven by the recognition of one-time expenses from previously deferred purchased fuel and energy costs at our utilities. Outages at Southland Energy and AES Indiana in the second quarter and lower contributions from Clean Energy and the retirement of our coal plant in Hawaii. Partially offset by higher contributions from our Southland legacy assets in the third quarter. Higher PTC at our South America SBU was primarily driven by our increased ownership of AES Andes and higher margins at both AES Andes and AES Brazil, but partially offset by a prior year gain related to an arbitration at Alto Maipo, outages at AES Andes and a one-time regulatory provision in Argentina. Higher PTC at our MCAC SBU reflects the benefit from a large volume of LNG sales redirected to the international market. As I'll discuss later, we do not expect an opportunity of the same scale recur this year and anticipate lower PTC from MCAC in 2023. The LNG sales were partially offset by the full-year impact from the sale of our coal plant in the Dominican Republic in 2021. Finally, in Eurasia, adjusted PTC was relatively flat year-over-year with an overall net decline driven by higher interest expense, but partially offset by higher energy prices earned at our wind plant in Bulgaria. Now, let's turn to how we allocated our capital in 2022 on Slide 19. Beginning on the left hand side, sources reflect 1.3 billion or total discretionary cash. This includes parent free cash flow of $906 million, which was near the top end of our guidance expectations. Asset sales were below our expectations for the year, but we still expect to achieve our goal of $1 billion in proceeds by 2025. Given the delay in asset sales, we accelerated the issuance of some parent debt, which is within our long-term expectations. Moving to uses on the right hand side. We invested more than 700 million in growth at our subsidiaries, of which approximately two-thirds were in the U.S. We also allocated nearly 500 million of our discretionary cash to our dividend. Turning to our guidance and expectations, beginning on Slide 20. Today, we are initiating 2023 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.65 to $1.75. This year, we expect to commission approximately 3.4 gigawatts of new renewables, which is the largest year-over-year increase in AES history. This growth further validates AES' position as a leader in renewables and highlights the outstanding efforts of our commercial and operations teams in our markets. Roughly 65% of this new renewable capacity is located in the U.S. More than half our total 2023 adjusted PTC will come from the U.S. this year as we execute on the transformation of our portfolio. As I discussed last quarter, our U.S. renewables projects benefit from both investment tax credits and production tax credits. Our 2023 guidance includes approximately 500 million of adjusted PTC from tax credits generated and recognized by new U.S. renewable projects coming online this year, which is approximately double the amount from 2022. Tax credits are an important component of our renewables business earnings and cash flow and we intend to provide updates on our 2023 tax credit expectations throughout the year. While the midpoint of our 2023 guidance range is below our long-term annual growth target, we are reaffirming the 7% to 9% growth rate through 2025. 2023 growth is lower than the long-term trend for a few reasons. First, we've taken a conservative approach to modeling renewables projects expected to come online in 2023. Our renewables construction is typically concentrated in the fourth quarter and this year will be no exception. As a result, construction delays of only a few days could cause a project to shift from 2023 to 2024 and negatively impact this year's results. This is particularly relevant for our U.S. renewables projects where we recognized significant earnings from investment tax credits in the year a project is placed into service. Of the 2.1 gigawatts we plan to complete in 2023, two-thirds are expected to come online in the fourth quarter. Our guidance assumes that an additional 600 megawatts of projects currently scheduled to come online in December slip into 2024. If some or all of these projects are completed on schedule, this will create up to $0.10 of upside to our 2023 guidance. It's also important to note that even if there are delays to next year, this is only a timing issue with no material value impact. And would support higher growth in 2024 with no impact on our long-term growth rate expectation. Second, we expect to see lower contributions from our MCAC SBU on a year-over-year basis, primarily driven by more than 200 million of adjusted PTC from LNG sales we executed in 2022. Our commercial team was able to leverage the optionality embedded in our LNG supply contracts to capitalize on high international gas prices by redirecting Henry Hub-linked LNG cargoes to the international market. Although LNG sales will continue in 2023, we do not expect the same magnitude of opportunity as the spreads between Henry Hub and international gas prices have compressed and more of our gas supply this year is linked to TTF international prices rather than Henry Hub. Third, we expect to see lower margins at our Chile business this year, particularly in the first half of the year, which is a temporary impact of our Green blend and extend strategy to transition our customers from coal power to renewables. Several coal PPAs have or will expire this year as we proceed with our intent to fully exit coal by 2025, and others have been restructured to be priced off renewables that are still under construction. We view this as a short-term cost of decarbonizing our portfolio and do not expect any impact to our 7% to 9% long-term growth rate. Looking ahead, our teams are working on commercial solutions to mitigate the dilution as the portion of our earnings from coal continues to decline. Based on the drivers discussed, we expect our 2023 earnings to be significantly second half weighted with approximately three quarters recognized in the second half of the year. While we typically have had about two-thirds of our earnings in the second half, the increase in seasonality this year is driven by the significant volume of new U.S. renewable projects coming online in the fourth quarter. Now, turning to our 2023 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 21, beginning with approximately 2.2 billion of sources on the left-hand side. Parent free cash flow for 2023 is expected to be 950 million to 1 billion, in-line with our annualized growth target. In addition to parent free cash flow, we expect to generate 400 million to 600 million in asset sale proceeds this year. This includes our previously announced sale in Jordan, as well as the pending sell-down of some of our operating renewables in the U.S. I also want to point out that we intend to relaunch the sale process for our Mong Duong coal plant in Vietnam to better align with the approval requirements that became clear during the initial sale. The remaining portion of our 2023 asset sales is expected to come from additional sell-downs and sales supporting our decarbonization goals. Now, to the uses on the right-hand side. We plan to invest approximately 1.7 billion toward new growth, of which about two-thirds will be allocated in the U.S. to renewables and to increase our utility rate base. We expect to allocate approximately 500 million to our shareholder dividend, which reflects the previously announced 5% increase. In summary, we exceeded our financial commitments for 2022 and are confident in this year's guidance and the long-term outlook for AES. The energy transition provides tremendous investment and innovation opportunities, and I believe no company is better positioned than AES to lead this transition. As we execute on our strategy, we will continue to deliver on our financial commitments to maximize per share value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, 2022 was our best year ever. Not only did we meet or exceed our targets for adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow, but we signed more PPAs and added more renewables to our portfolio than ever before. Once again, we were recognized by BNEF as the top developer worldwide, selling clean energy to corporations through PPAs. We also launched the first mega scale green hydrogen project in the U.S. and developed a regulatory foundation that will enable us to grow our U.S. utilities by 9% annually through 2025. Looking forward, we are very well positioned for the future. Our leadership in corporate PPAs and green hydrogen gives a line of sight into our continued success. We remain focused on executing on our construction program and further developing our pipeline of potential future projects, and we are on track to exit coal by the end of 2025. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] So, our first question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Good morning, guys. So first, maybe about the disclosure that you guys have in the – in your presentation, I understand that there's an Analyst Day coming, but there are a number of slides that are missing, especially the segmental earnings contributions for 2023. I mean, is there any reason for that?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, Angie, hey it's Steve. So yes, and that's because, as Andres shared in his remarks, we are intending to update you on our new business segments. And so when we issue that level of guidance, it will come in the Investor Day.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. I understand. Okay. Just moving on, just looking at the year-over-year bridge between 2022 and 2023 [EPS] [ph] there is no benefit from lower losses of AES Next. And I'm just wondering, I mean, it's not even mentioned as a driver. Can you comment about your expectations for that business?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So Next, in total, Angie, was roughly a $0.12 drag last year. We have to be careful because Fluence is a separate public company, and we can't get ahead of their disclosures. They haven't specifically guided to earnings, but on their last call, they did guide to a significant improvement in margins this year. So, Next is a positive driver this year, and I would say, to a material extent, but I can't say specifically because I can't get ahead of them on their earnings disclosures. But we are expecting it to be much better. They've made a ton of progress on all of the operational and commercial improvements that they've been outlining. And as I've said previously, the Next portfolio we expect to be neutral to earnings by 2024, and I still expect that.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. But I'm just – so again, not to be picky, but so which bucket would this be included in? I mean on that Slide 20, I mean, I understand that it's lumped with some other drivers. So, would it be based on the upside to the guidance?
Steve Coughlin: No, it would be lumped into that second column with the negative – it would be an offset in that negative $0.15, basically.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Okay. I understand. Okay. And then just one other question about 2022. So, when I'm looking at the actual results versus what you were guiding to, the corporate drag as more than 100 million higher than expected. And I'm just wondering, I understand some of it is interest expense, but any other driver?
Steve Coughlin: The corporate does include AES Next, under our current segments. And so, we'll be talking more at Investor Day about the future, but I can say, it's largely parent interest on the revolver, where we've had higher balances and of course, higher rates going into the revolver, as well as the incremental drag from AES Next.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you. And then the core question. So, based on the IRA, I mean, there's this discussion about shifting from solar ITC to solar PTC, there's obviously the bonus ITC. And I'm just wondering how are you positioned to benefit from those additional tax credits in the U.S.? And also, I mean, it's a very competitive market, as I understand. So, can you actually retain some of this benefit, i.e., boost the profitability of future solar projects in the U.S. or is it more a function of basically securing more contracts by trading away that benefit?
Steve Coughlin: Sure. So, look, first of all, we're very happy to have the optionality from the IRA on choosing ITC or PTC newly for solar, as well as having the ITC for storage. So, typically we're going to choose the tax credit structure that yields the highest return in the project. So, it's great to have that optionality. I would say, going forward, the ITC – there is a difference in the earnings profile. There's an upfront recognition of the ITC versus the PTC is spread out over 10 years, but other than that, you'd expect the lifetime earnings roughly to be the same if the credit structure yielded roughly the same returns. So, in this case, we have about – in AES’ case, about one-third of our pipeline, we believe, will qualify for the energy community adder. And so, we feel that we're going to be very competitively positioned to get at least the 40% level for about one-third of our pipeline. So, that's a good thing. I would say in terms of where the credit accrues, I think it's going to be a mix of things. Certainly, there's been higher costs that the industry has absorbed on the order of 30%. I think part of it goes to absorbing that impact of higher costs in renewables. I would say some will go to competitiveness in terms of bidding for the PPAs. And largely, as Andres has talked about before, we see there being more of a constraint on the supply side in the renewables market. So, we do see that continued strong demand, but that there's going to be constraints on the supply side of projects being ready to meet that demand and that will have some upward pressure on returns.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Angie, the way I'd put it is that the cost increases have largely been absorbed by the market. So, we're seeing constant margins. What you saw the last year, there was less commissioning of new projects in renewables than it was expected by a big factor, like 40%. So, what a lot of the clients have done has postponed some of their renewable goals, but eventually, what you're going to see is a shortage in the market. So, we feel confident about that, and that's why we're continuing to invest to build that pipeline to be able to respond to that demand. So, those are the dynamics. This is a market that, yes, while it's very competitive, the dynamics are positive. And then we are also selling a lot of our projects are differentiated projects. So, they're structured projects. They bring something to the table other just than your [indiscernible] PPA.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. This is [indiscernible] for Nick today. First, a quick question on the Analyst Day. Can we just get some color on your thoughts on the timing? I know you mentioned spring, but what are some of the specific drivers to determine the timing of the Analyst Day?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. I mean – so first of all, Andres mentioned, we will be discussing new business segments. So, we are closing out 2022 under our current segments. We will then move over to new segments very shortly. And so, part of the timing is to fully make that transition internally and then to be able to come out in the spring time frame with that look at the new segments, the new way of looking at AES going forward, as well as discussion about guidance beyond 2025.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And just maybe just on the asset sales proceeds. I know you're feeling some of the add to sales proceeds with the parent debt issuance, but as we think about the [79] [ph] CAGR currently, can you just – are you able to continue to bridge this growth rate without any additional common equity? Just want to check in on that.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Look, we feel confident in terms of what we've said in the past that to grow through 2025, we don't need additional equity for that period of time. So, we also feel confident in our ability to raise $1 billion through asset sales.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Yes. And with regard to the debt, it's really just – it's somewhat fungible. We look at both our sales program, as well as our debt capacity, always holding to our investment-grade metric, plus a cushion as a minimum, but it's really just timing. So, there's just flex between when we determine to issue the debt within our expectations and when those asset sales come in. So, it's just executing somewhat of a flexibility on the timing of the asset sales and the debt, kind of flex back and forth.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks for the color. I appreciate and I’ll back to the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi, good morning team. Thank you for taking my question. Just, kind of – I want to focus on the plan for this year 2023, that is, what's the level of confidence? I mean maybe you can share some details with us in terms of what you already have in terms of material secured, et cetera, et cetera, and getting the, sort of the 3.4 gigawatts online and getting the $0.27 earnings accretion year-over-year.
Andres Gluski: Okay. Hi, Durgesh. Listen, we feel good about the numbers that we're giving out there. We have all the equipment basically secured. And we're very – I'd say about what we have about 5.5 gigawatts under construction as we speak. Okay. Not all of them are going to come in line in 2023. But just to give you an idea, we feel very good about it. Now, the [600] [ph] megawatts that we said might slip into 2024. What are the issues? Well, for some of that, there could be equipment delivery. There could be interconnect timing, easement issues, [indiscernible] permits, the usual stuff that when you're doing construction. So, we're going to try very hard to get it done this year, but we feel it's prudent to say that these are going to slip most likely, slip into 2024. Now, what I would like to reiterate is that this really isn't a business issue. This is just an accounting issue from my perspective because we – all of those 600 megawatts, I feel very confident would get done, for example, by – certainly by March. So, there aren't any penalties involved and there isn't any significant change to the return of those projects. So, unfortunately, what you really have is given that we run on a calendar year. We have so much happening in the last quarter. But I want to really emphasize this is not a – we have – of all the renewable developers, we have not abandoned any project because of equipment delays or permit delays. We have delivered on [indiscernible]. So, we feel very good, but there is a timing issue, and we thought it prudent to say, look, these 600 megawatts, we think are most likely to fall into next year. But it's a matter of – it could be weeks. And we will nonetheless try very hard to get them done this year.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you, Andres. That's very helpful. And just in terms of milestones for us to watch, as to whether you can get them done this year or are they going to push next year? When are you going to have that clarity? Is that, sort of kind of a summer type of event or will you have more clarity by your Investor Day?
Andres Gluski: I really don't think we'd have it honestly, by our Investor Day, to be frank. I think it'd be more by the summer that we would have more indications on particularly the project. This gets quite granular. [X projects] [ph] got a permit or something that was missing, but I don't really don't see that before that.
Steve Coughlin: Yes Durgesh, our plan is – just on each call, we will give updates to the extent we have updates on the construction program, as well as the tax credit expectations throughout the year on the calls as well.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And thanks, Steve. And just one last one. I noticed the 2023 to 2025 PPA finding is, again, very healthy 14 gigawatts to 17 gigawatts, but you're not, sort of giving us an annual number this year like you did in 2022, which was 4.5 gigawatts to 5.5 gigawatts and you came in right in that range. Are you expecting that 2023 to 2025 signings to be lumpy or should we still expect right, the new PPAs in the [indiscernible] range each year?
Andres Gluski: I would expect, honestly, them to be right around that, sort of 4.5 megawatts, 5.5 megawatts every year, but we decided to [give] [ph] a multi-year range because there is some lumpiness. I mean, we do have some projects, which are like 1 gigawatt. And it's the same thing. The signing could happen in January instead of December. So, we wanted to give a – basically, think of it more as sort of a rolling number, but again, we feel good about being able to reach that range.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thanks guys. And congrats on the BNEF recognition again this year. I appreciate the time.
Andres Gluski: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Cameron Lochridge: Hi, there. Good morning. This is actually Cameron Lochridge on for Julien. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to maybe come back real quick to the idea of the renewal with backlog and how maybe that influences 7% to 9% growth CAGR that you guys have laid out. I appreciate that we reaffirm that through 2025, but given where the backlog is and where the growth is expected to come from over the next several years, is there any reason we should not be perhaps rolling that forward out beyond 2025 and continuing to underwrite to that or is there something else that may be driving that either higher or lower beyond 2025?
Andres Gluski: Yes. I mean, look, let's say, we have a 12.2 gigawatt backlog, of which about 5.5% are under construction now. And a good portion of that is going to come online between now and 2025. So, there's no reason to think of a change. If anything, the market continues to grow, and we see a shortage. I don't know if – Steve, you want to comment...
Steve Coughlin: Yes, I would say the backlog is at 12.2 and we're delivering [3.4] [ph] this year plus potentially some of that upside from the [600] [ph]. So that leaves still about [8.5] [ph] to be delivered over the next few years. So, we feel really good about the commissioning coming through 2025 to support the growth. And then as Andres has covered, the pipeline in the U.S. is 51 gigawatts and it is continuing to mature. So, we'll talk more at Investor Day about beyond 2025, but I feel really good about the growth expectations.
Andres Gluski: Yes. This is not a market that is not growing very rapidly. And we do see pent-up demand. What we do see is that because a lot of people did not deliver in 2022, we see pent-up demand. So, what we have to do is really make sure that we're getting the returns that we want and really going after the value-add on those projects, but it's not for a [indiscernible] of projects by any means.
Cameron Lochridge: Understood. Understood. Thank you both. Maybe just going back to 2023 and looking at guidance, I know you're looking at $0.27 a share from the new renewables in 2023. I kind of wanted to unpack that a little bit. In terms of how much, if you could quantify, how much of that $0.27 is, you know we'll call it a roll forward from projects that were placed in service in 4Q 2022? And is there any reason that was meaningfully different or will be meaningfully different this year thinking about the $0.10 a share that could potentially slip into 2024?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So, the primary portion of that relates to the increase in the tax credit. So, a portion of the $0.27 is related to just that base of projects from 2022 coming into 2023. So that's part of it. But I would say the largest component is the increase in the tax credit to the range of about 500 million recognized this year, which is a little more than double what we recognize that last year. So, that's the largest component of the $0.27.
Cameron Lochridge: Okay. Got it. I guess… [Multiple Speakers] No, no, go ahead. I'm sorry.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. I was also just going to say, and that's partly why we're calling out this additional 600 megawatts because it's largely – in fact, it's all investment tax credit-based projects. So, as Andres described in the most extreme, even if you just had a project that was commissioned on January 1 instead of December 31, you would move that tax recognition over a calendar year. So that's why we're calling out that as potential upside and the sensitivity to the tax credit, and it's just timing is all it is.
Andres Gluski: Yes. The other thing I'd point out is, when we sell the tax credits, we also get the cash. 
Steve Coughlin: Exactly.
Andres Gluski: So, there is lumpiness in the cash as a result of this. So, the cash and the earnings go together.
Cameron Lochridge: Got it. Okay. That would do for us. Thank you guys, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Richard Sunderland of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the time today. Just one last one on this 2023 versus 2024 [on 600 megawatts] [ph]. It sounds like if the $0.10 looks to 2024, this clearly should be additive to the prior growth outlook [meaning] [ph] attitude to the 7% to 9% CAGR. Is that the right frame of reference for whether the 600 megawatts [indiscernible] in 2023 and brings you kind of back to the original range or 2024 pushes you above?
Steve Coughlin: Exactly. So, that's exactly right. It doesn't change the 7% to 9% through 2025, but all else being equal, 2024 would go well above the 7% to 9% as a result of these projects moving into next year. That's exactly right.
Richard Sunderland: Okay. Got it. Very clear. Thank you. Turning to Ohio, you asked before, any sense on the backdrop in conversations there after all the time and engagement around the [ASI] [ph] rate case?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So at this point, as Andres said in his remarks, the ESP 4, we're expecting to be decided this summer. So that was filed last fall. The [PUC] [ph] did issue the order on the distribution rate case back in December, which was very favorable to us. And so, really those rates are just pending the approval and finalization of the ESP 4. So – and keep in mind, the ESP 4 has a couple of things that are very additive. So, one is that it will catch up the investment that's occurred between the last rate case filing in 2020, up close to the point in which the ESP 4 was filed last year. So, there's a catch up there. There's also a new framework for investment going forward, including a distribution investment rider, as well as some additional riders that will result in faster recognition of investment going forward. So, our expectation is that we'll see the new structure in place that sets Ohio in the course for new investment for the second half of this year, and then it becomes a growth driver going forward into the next several years. We see in total our net rate base increasing close to 1.5 billion across both utilities from now until 2025.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. Understood. Thank you. And then you reference changes around the Vietnam requirements for sale and relaunching that transaction. Could you just parse that a little bit more in terms of what you're expecting there now? Do you see a quicker path to divestment under a second go, anything else would be helpful here?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Well, we hope so, and then it will be [indiscernible] second time around. I mean, basically, the – what happened here is that the government wanted more of an operator then a financial investor. They're very happy with us, and they want somebody equally good. So, we feel there is a number of people interested in the asset because they actually canceled the number of new coal plants that were going to be built. So, there's an appetite, especially from Asian operators for this asset. So, hopefully, it will be faster. It was somewhat of a surprise, but our intentions remain the same. So, to be out of coal by the end of 2025.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Thank you for the time today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, thank you. Andres, maybe could you give us just some overall color on how things are proceeding on panel supplies and particularly you flip up implementation issues. And is that kind of a key variable in the timing of these projects or is it more other issues?
Andres Gluski: Let's see. Well, we feel pretty – we feel good about the panel issue. As you know, again, we got all the panels we could use in 2022. So, in 2023, we have all the orders in. Our suppliers have been getting through. So, again, we feel good about that. In terms of what would determine that last, sort of 600 megawatts, it's really a combination of issues. It's not just solar panels. It runs the gamut from wind turbines, deliveries, et cetera, pyramids easing. Also, the interconnection timing, is the client ready to take that [energy] [ph]. That was one of the biggest issues we had in 2022. We were ready, but the client wasn't ready. So, it's just a bag of different issues. I'd say an important issue going forward is, as you know, we're heading the solar panel buyers consortium. We want to have solar panels starting to be delivered late 2024, 2025 made in the U.S.A., and what we're seeing now is really one of the regulations may be issued by treasury, what constitutes domestic content to get those additional credits. So, I'd say that's an item that we're watching very closely, but generally, we feel good about. And there are certainly people interested in locating that flat here to supply that contract.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just – I know this was discussed on the last call, but just how are you making the decision between on U.S. projects, ITC versus PTC. I guess, -- so PTC, I think you had talked about still having a lot of value in the tax equity and the depreciation, but just – do you see that starting to shift at some point in the – as you execute on future projects?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, I do, Steve, now that we have the optionality for production tax credits on solar, I would see that option being exercised primarily in the sunniest places in the U.S. So, in the Southwest U.S. projects where the production-based incentive is going to yield a higher value than necessarily the CapEx based on the capital investment based incentive. So, we are modeling more production tax credit into our longer-term. For this year, it's not – I wouldn't say, it's impacted us really at all this year because for the most part, we're locked into a tax credit structure election and a tax equity partnership that we've already agreed to. But going forward, we'll start to see more production-based incentive come into the mix. And that's something, again, for Investor Day, as we talk about beyond 2025, kind of how do we look at the business, how do you look at the metrics of the business, how do you look at tax credits, distinct from earnings that don't include tax credits, things like that, that we'll be giving more guidance on to help people understand what that looks like going forward.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill of UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to, sort of confirm where the credit goals are, sort of with the guidance update and the segment – the new segments that you're thinking about? Sorry, if I'm getting ahead of my [indiscernible].
Steve Coughlin: No, no, no. No problem. Are you referring to the tax credit?
Andres Gluski: I think the credit rating, right?
Steve Coughlin: Credit rating, okay. We've been talking so much about tax credit. So, yes, the credit rating, certainly the BBB- is a constant constraint. And then we see likely improvement going forward, particularly as our business mix evolves to more long-term contracted renewables and more investment in the U.S. utilities. So, I would say, that's going to be a driver of improvement to the overall profile and view on the source of where our cash is coming from going forward. The segments, there's no – I can't say too much about that right now. As we've been operating under the current segments, we'll be moving to the new one soon and then talking about that on the call going forward, but the segments will make it very clear as to the sources of earnings and cash going forward and where the business is growing, frankly, much, much higher than 7% to 9% and where the business is shrinking, largely consistent with our decarbonization goals. So, it will peel apart where that 7% to 9% has come from [2025] [ph] as well as go beyond [2025] [ph].
Andres Gluski: Yes. So Gregg, in terms of the credit rating, we're already more than 50% of our earnings are coming from the U.S. and a higher and higher percentage is coming from renewables. So, we already have a – if we're growing 7% to 9%, that includes the dilution from getting out of coal. So, actually, our renewables are growing at a much higher rate, more like 10% to 12%. So, to put that in context, all of those things point to an improvement, as Steve was saying, in terms of the quality of the numbers beyond the metrics. So, again, we feel very confident in what we've said. This is a red line. We're not going to drop below investment grade, and we're going to continue to strengthen it.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Levine of Citi. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. Hoping to follow-up on the change – in terms of the change in segmentation, maybe just to take a step back, what's prompting the re-review of how you're looking to disclose information? And is there anything that any re-review would signal strategically for the company?
Andres Gluski: No. I mean we really think this is a culmination of what we've been doing in terms of moving into renewables. And our business is long-term contracted. And what we're seeing is a lot of this would make our business we feel more transparent and more comparable to other people's businesses. So, that's all I can say at this point, but it's something that I think you guys will welcome because it gives greater transparency. And I think it makes more and more sense as, again, we transition more to renewables.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And in your guidance, you disclosed a step down from the LNG contribution for this calendar year. What are you assuming for like TTF Henry Hub spreads or upside or contribution from that portion of your contract portfolio?
Andres Gluski: Well, I'll say the two elements. One is that we have less gas available to take advantage of that opportunity because we had a step down in our Henry Hub-based gas contracts. The second is, has to do with the spread between Henry Hub plus and TTF. So, those spreads have narrowed. It's been a very warm winter, especially in Europe. So, we'll see. So, that's an opportunity that exists there, but we're not – it would be smaller, smaller quantity. And we're not counting on it this year because right now, the spreads are not such that between all the transportation and the sharing of the upside with oil traders, et cetera, look particularly attractive, but the option is there, should the situation change.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So, it's – I mean, it's largely based on current outlook for the year on the commodities, but to the extent that spread were to increase, that would be an upside to the guidance we've given here.
Ryan Levine: Great. And then last question for me. In terms of the asset sale process, to the extent some of these deals don't happen or get delayed, what tools do you have to alter your financing plan in light of looks like a choppy M&A market.
Andres Gluski: Well, first, we have many assets that we can sell, and it's not only sell-out, sell-down. So, we have, I think, a lot of levers there. And we don't like to talk a lot about any specific asset until we have a deal done. It doesn't help us, but we always also sell-down, for example, some of our renewables because that increases our returns, sell-down a portion of it, we continue to operate them. So, if you have movements, say, in time that a specific asset sale gets delayed and you're not ready to do another one, that's where other kinds of financings come in, and we'll do the one that makes the most sense. But again, as I said before, maintaining our credit metrics and our investment grade, that's a red line in the [sand] [ph].
Ryan Levine: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question is a follow-up question from Angie Storozynski from Seaport. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. Just one thing. So, the 600 megawatts that might slip into 2024, that's the growth number, right? What would it be adjusted by ownership?
Andres Gluski: There’s two things. I mean, we normally sell-down after the commissioning. 
Steve Coughlin: Yes. I mean, so we do have [indiscernible] so this is the U.S. number. So, we have our partnership with Alberta Investment Management. And so, I would say, for the most part, it's about 75% AES is that number. And the – up to $0.10 that I mentioned, Angie, is AES' share. So, that's not the [indiscernible].
Angie Storozynski: Okay. That’s all I need. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. As there are no additional questions waiting at this time, I'd like to pass the conference back over to Susan Harcourt for closing remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Have a great day ahead. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the AES Corporation Third Quarter 2022 Financial Review Call. My name is Glenn, and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Susan, to begin. Susan, please go ahead.
Susan Harcourt: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2022 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2022 financial review call. This morning, we reported third quarter adjusted EPS of $0.63, bringing our year-to-date adjusted EPS to $1.18. With these results, we now expect our full year adjusted EPS to come in at or near the high end of our guidance range of $1.55 to $1.65. We're also reaffirming our 7% to 9% annualized growth target for adjusted EPS and parent cash flow through 2025. Steve Coughlin, our CFO, will discuss our financial results in more detail shortly. Our business model continues to demonstrate its resilience with strong contractual protections and natural hedges that have insulated us well from foreign currency movements, higher interest rates and volatile commodity prices. In addition, the vast majority of our business is with U.S. utilities or investment-grade off-takers. Turning to Slide 4. At the same time, we have built flexibility into our portfolio, which has allowed us to capture upside in the current environment. For example, in Panama, we've been able to redirect Henry Hub priced LNG to European markets to capitalize on high international gas prices. This upside is the direct result of actions we took in the past to create a diverse portfolio that would limit our downside exposure to fluctuations, both in commodity prices and hydrology. With above-average rainfall in Panama this year, we have been able to buy cheap hydro power and run our gas plant less, which has made it possible to redirect a portion of our contracted LNG creating meaningful upside in our results. Now to Slide 5. We spoke briefly about the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, on our previous call. But since then, it has become even more apparent how it is likely to greatly accelerate the demand for renewables and stand-alone storage in the U.S. We are very well positioned to capitalize on this demand and growth through our market leadership in renewables, particularly in the C&I segment due to our strong customer relationship, our ownership interest influence and our extensive and growing pipeline. Specifically, the IRA extends the production tax credit, or PTC, and the investment tax credit, or ITC, for 10 years and provides additional tax credits for energy communities such as low-income areas or places where coal mining or thermal generation previously took place. We anticipate that the benefits of the IRA will result in a meaningful step-up in demand across the U.S., but particularly from C&I customers looking to reach their decarbonization goals. The IRA also includes a 30% ITC for stand-alone energy storage. AES benefits not only from being one of the largest developers of energy storage projects, but also from our ownership stake influence, the market leader in energy storage integration. We see battery-based energy storage as an essential enabler of more renewables on the grid by reducing intermittency and providing renewables-based capacity. As you can see on Slide 6, to address this expected growth in demand, we have been working hard to grow our pipeline of renewables and energy storage projects. Today, our pipeline stands at 64 gigawatts or more than twice the size of our entire current portfolio. The majority of our pipeline, 51 gigawatts is in the U.S. and much of it is in the most attractive markets for renewables such as California and PJM. Our pipeline consists of projects that have a combination of land, interconnection access or advanced permitting. Approximately 1/3 of our pipeline is in the energy communities that I previously described and are eligible for additional tax credits. We believe our pipeline will become increasingly valuable as sites for projects become scarcer. Turning to Slide 7. At the same time, since our last earnings call in August, we have signed an additional 1.6 gigawatts of new renewable PPAs or 3.2 gigawatts year-to-date. Furthermore, we are in very advanced late-stage discussions on several large contracts that we expect will bring us within our full year range of 4.5 to 5.5 gigawatts. Today, our backlog of signed PPAs stands at 11.2 gigawatts, the majority of which is expected to come online by 2025. We remain largely on track with our construction program, which is now 5.2 gigawatts. There are some projects that have been moved from this year to next, primarily due to delays from customers. But as we've mentioned before, none of these projects are late due to a lack of solar panels. We also continue to make very good progress on our 2 very large green hydrogen projects in the U.S. and Chile, which include the integration of electrolyzers and renewables. Although we don't have any specific announcements to make today, we are confident that we will have more to share with you on this important initiative before the end of the year. Turning to Slide 8 for an update on growth initiatives at our U.S. utilities. This quarter, AES Ohio filed a new electric security plan or ESP 4, which outlines a comprehensive road map to position AES Ohio to resolve outstanding regulatory proceedings and make significant investments to modernize its network. The filing is a substantial achievement for AES Ohio as it will lay a strong regulatory foundation for growth by implementing a more traditional utility rate structure. We expect the public utilities kind of Ohio to approve ESP 4 in the next 12 months. As a reminder, AES Ohio has the lowest T&D rates in the state across all customer groups, and we see significant opportunity to invest to improve reliability and strengthen the balance sheet, while remaining cost competitive. Finally, AES Indiana is in the last phases of its integrated resource plan process and plans to file the 2022 IRP report with the state regulator by December 1. The proposal includes another milestone in AES' decarbonization plan with the conversion of the last remaining units of coal operated by AES Indiana to natural gas in 2025 and the addition of up to 1.3 gigawatts of renewables, including wind, solar and battery storage. With that, I now would like to turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss our third quarter results 2022 parent capital allocation and 2022 guidance. Turning to our financial results for the quarter beginning on Slide 10. I'm pleased to share that our third quarter results are very strong, and we now expect to be at or near the high end of our full year 2022 adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.55 to $1.65. Third quarter adjusted EPS was $0.63 versus $0.50 last year, driven primarily by our LNG business, as Andres discussed. In addition, we also benefited from an increased ownership in AES Andes as well as higher margins in Brazil. These positive contributions were partially offset by onetime charges at our U.S. utilities in Argentina businesses. Relative to last year, we also had higher losses from our AES portfolio as financial results from Fluence were not reported in our Q3 numbers last year, higher parent interest stemming from higher debt balances as we increase investment in our subsidiaries and a higher adjusted tax rate due to a nonrecurring benefit in Q3 2021. I should also note that despite considerable macroeconomic volatility, we see very little impact on our financial performance. For example, the forecasted full year impact of foreign currency movements after tax is well under $0.01 of adjusted EPS due to our highly contracted and largely dollarized business, along with our very active hedging program. In addition, nearly 80% of our debt is either fixed rate or hedged against interest rate exposure and approximately 82% of our revenue is protected by inflation index for hedging.  Turning to Slide 11. Adjusted pretax contribution, or PTC, was $569 million for the quarter, a $141 million increase year-over-year due to the drivers I just discussed. I'll cover the performance of our strategic business units or SBUs in more detail over the next 4 slides, beginning on Slide 12. In the U.S. and Utilities SBU, lower PTC was driven primarily recognition of onetime expenses at our U.S. utilities from previously deferred purchase fuel and energy costs. Including those related to an outage at our Eagle Valley plant from April 2021 to March 2022. We pursued and entered into a settlement for Eagle Valley and took a provision against a deferred fuel recovery asset at AES Ohio, which we will continue to pursue. These expenses impacted adjusted PTC by approximately $48 million in the third quarter. In addition, lower PTC was driven by lower availability in Puerto Rico. Our legacy Southland units provided significant energy margin contribution again in the third quarter this year, although this was not a material year-over-year driver. We are also very pleased that in the third quarter, the California State Regulatory Authorities formally launched the process required to further extend our Southland legacy units beyond 2023. Higher PTC at our South America SBU was mostly driven by our increased ownership of AES Andes and higher margins at both AES Andes and Brazil, but partially offset by a provision in Argentina. Higher PTC at our Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, or MCAC SBU primarily reflects our commercial team's outstanding effort to redirect our LNG supply from Panama to the international market as discussed earlier. These LNG sales were enabled by the flexibility we built into our commercial structure and gas supply agreements along with favorable market conditions, which may be present going forward, although we expect to a more limited extent. Finally, in Eurasia, adjusted PTC was relatively flat year-over-year with an overall net benefit from higher power prices at our wind plant in Bulgaria. Now to Slide 16. As a result of our overall strong performance year-to-date, along with the significant contribution from LNG sales, we now expect to come in at or near the high end of our full year 2022 adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.55 to $1.65. Growth in the year to go will be primarily driven by contributions from new businesses, including roughly 500 megawatts of projects under construction coming online as well as further accretion from our increased ownership of AES Andes. We expect to recognize additional LNG sales in the fourth quarter, but the contribution will be much smaller than the benefit in Q3. We are also reaffirming our expected 7% to 9% annualized growth target through 2025, based primarily on our expected growth in renewables, energy storage and U.S. utilities.  Turning to Slide 17. As Andres highlighted, the Inflation Reduction Act extended and expanded the tax incentives available for U.S. renewables and energy storage. Tax credits have been an important part of the economic value creation of our U.S. renewables portfolio, and the IRA provides clarity on long-term eligibility for these credits. As U.S. renewables become a larger share of our portfolio, I want to briefly touch on the way these tax incentives contribute to our earnings and cash flow. Our U.S. wind projects are typically eligible for production tax credits over the first 10 years of operations. Our solar and solar plus storage projects typically qualify for an investment tax credit generally recognized within the first 2 years, the project begins commercial operations. To ensure we take full advantage of the tax value of our U.S. renewables, we usually bring on partners that will invest in these projects to be allocated the majority of the associated tax attributes. These are called tax equity partnerships. It's important to recognize that as we monetize these tax credits, they create earnings and cash for AES. For full year 2022, we expect our projects to generate approximately $280 million to $310 million in new tax credits. After monetizing these credits through our tax equity partnerships, the earnings recognized by AES this year from new project commissioning’s will be approximately $200 million to $230 million, with the remaining earnings from tax credits to be largely recognized next year. Due to the late year seasonality of new project commissioning’s, approximately two-thirds of these earnings will occur in the fourth quarter. This year, we expect to commission more projects in the fourth quarter than in 2021 which will benefit our earnings in the year-to-go period, improving the year-over-year comparison of adjusted PTC in our U.S. and Utilities SBU by the end of the year. Now to our 2022 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 18. Sources reflect approximately $1.6 billion of total discretionary cash, including $900 million of parent free cash flow, $500 million of asset sales and $200 million of new parent debt. On the right-hand side, you can see our planned use of capital. We will return nearly $500 million to shareholders this year. This consists of our common share dividend, including the 5% increase announced last December and the coupon on the equity units. We plan to invest approximately $1.1 billion in our subsidiaries as we capitalize on attractive opportunities for growth. About half of these investments are in renewables, which represent the largest portion of our growth. Nearly a quarter of these investments are in our U.S. utilities to fund rate base growth with a continued focus on grid and fleet modernization. In summary, nearly 3/4 of our investments this year are going to grow AES' renewables businesses in our U.S. utilities, reflecting our commitment to continue executing on our portfolio transformation. In addition, approximately 70% of our planned future investments are targeted for our U.S. subsidiaries, which will contribute to our goal of more than 50% of our earnings coming from the U.S. in 2023. I look forward to AES continuing our strong performance this year and sharing updates with you on our fourth quarter call. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, we now expect our 2022 adjusted EPS to come in at or near the high end of our guidance range of $1.55 to $1.65, and we are reaffirming our 7% to 9% annualized growth target for adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow through 2025. Our strong financial results continue to demonstrate the resilience of our portfolio to macroeconomic volatility. We signed additional agreements that will redirect excess LNG from our business in Panama to international customers. We expect the Inflation Reduction Act to greatly accelerate the demand for renewables, stand-alone storage and green hydrogen. To address this growth in demand, we have increased our pipeline to 64 gigawatts, including 51 gigawatts in the U.S. and year-to-date, we have signed 3.2 gigawatts of renewables and energy storage under long-term contracts, and we are in late-stage discussions on several more that we expect will bring us within our full year range of 4.5 to 5.5 gigawatts. With that, I would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our first question comes from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Insoo, your line is open.
Insoo Kim: First question on the revised outlooks that you gave on U.S. pipeline and also just the backlog that you've updated. Given the IRA has passed, especially while we await the 4Q earnings for more guidance, do you -- at this point, do you have a pretty good sense of how upside to that backlog you see, whether it's through '25, '26 and whether that still gives you a good confidence that there is potential to achieve the upper end of that 7% to 9% EPS growth range?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Insoo, what I'd say is that we're seeing very strong demand, especially in the U.S. market, especially among C&I customers. So really, I don't think it's an issue of demand. It's really an issue of having permitted projects that can meet our clients' demand in the different markets. So regarding the -- our growth rates, we feel very confident about achieving our 7% to 9%. The IRA is obviously a positive to this number. But we expect some adjustments in the market. So it's not only a question of growth. It's really a question of the profitability of those projects. So what we expect over the next, I'd say, months or year is there to be somewhat more, let's say, scarcity of projects as demand increases. So I think that's where people who have gotten ahead of this and really have a mature pipeline are going to be in a substantial benefit. Obviously, the IRA also has a $3 a kilogram incentive for green hydrogen, and this is also going to be a plus for the growth of renewables and the growth of AES. So all these things I see is positive. But right now, we're saying 7% to 9%. But we're seeing -- as the market becomes more favorable, it's not just a matter of how much you can grow, it's really making sure that you grow profitably.
Insoo Kim: And we'll await more guidance there. Second question for me on LNG. It seems like a pretty sizable benefit at the MCAC segment. I think on an EPS basis, $0.25 or so of benefit year-over-year, which from our perspective, was much greater than expected. Could you just give more details on, if you can, on how much of that -- how much volume was driving that? And while acknowledging the hydro conditions will dominate whether you could see any level of benefit going forward next year and beyond. Assuming normal hydro next year and the current prices and global gas, could that still provide some level of tailwind as we think about '23?
Andres Gluski: Yes. I mean, as we laid out, we have structured our contracts such that, for example, if it's a dry year, we have all of the LNG that we need to be able to fulfill our thermal contracts. However, if you have a wet year, then you are able to buy cheaper hydro and redirect those shipments. And I think what's very important is not only having the LNG, but having the capacity to ship that mostly to Europe and really get into the port because as you know, there are really bottlenecks in the port. So I think this really talks about the flexibility that we built in, the strategic relationships we have with LNG suppliers that allow us to take advantage of their position in these markets to move those shipments. So going forward, I mean, basically, when there's a La Nina in Panama hydrology, there's more water available. So we've -- so -- there's also a factor that where -- what's the level of the reservoirs. So it's -- right now, I'd say that we expect the conditions to continue. We -- it's really a matter of the spread between Henry Hub plus the shipping and what international prices are. So as Steve mentioned, we expect -- we have some additional contracts coming in, in the fourth quarter. And regarding next year, it's really are the conditions there? Is there water in the reservoirs? Is the hydrology positive? Is there the spread between Henry Hub, again, plus shipping and international prices? So those are the conditions given. So this is mostly an upside, let's say, going forward. We're not counting on it. And regarding the tonnage, we would expect somewhat less next year than we have shipped this year in terms of the actual volume. We can get back to you on the actual volume that was shipped.
Operator: We have our next question. This comes from Richard Sunderland from JPMorgan. Richard, your line is open.
Richard Sunderland: I mean one of these broader play in inflation, thinking about the outlook through 2025 and the broader inflation backdrop, how do you see the cost savings opportunity through 2025 currently standing versus your Analyst Day plan?
Andres Gluski: If I understood the question, right, you're basically saying that in the inflationary environment that we're in, how do we see cost savings developing? What I would say is that we -- given our international exposure, we're very accustomed to dealing with inflation and having to control costs in an inflationary environment. So what we've seen so far, as we've mentioned on prior calls is that the cost of building renewables has gone up over the past year. There's no question there were panel prices have gone up in the U.S., EPC costs have gone up. However, we're seeing in this strong market, we're -- this is basically able to pass through, we're able to maintain our margins on new projects. Going forward, I mean, we've had cost saving programs in place for the past 12 years. On a run rate basis, we've got about $500 million of cost. So again, we have the infrastructure in place. It's part of our culture, continual improvement. So we're not particularly concerned on that side. On the pricing side, about 80% of our contracts and businesses have some form of inflation indexation. So we're very well protected on that side as well. So we have the experience. We have the methodology. It's part of our mindset. So we don't see that as a particular concern.
Steve Coughlin: This is Steve. I would just add also, if you look at the escalation of fuel prices on the thermal side, they've gone tripled in some cases. So renewables, although the costs have increased are relatively more competitive than they were before this current inflationary cycle. And then in addition, we have the benefit with renewables, we're largely firming up prices right around the time that we're also signing up our PPA. So you have a good sense of what your levelized cost is over the life of the project and very little variable costs, of course. So we are able to build in this into the market. And then, of course, the IRA bill in the U.S., certainly with the expansion and extension and re-upping of credits, does serve to offset some of these additional inflationary increases in the renewables capital cost. So that's as an opposing effect, helping bring prices somewhat back down off of what they otherwise would have been.
Richard Sunderland: No, that certainly makes sense. And I appreciate the color there. And maybe Steve, picking up that last point around the IRA. Curious on transferability could impact your tax credit outlook? Is this an opportunity to invest more on a net to AES basis or any other impacts you foresee?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Certainly, transferability. I mean what we like about the IRA is it brings a lot of optionality, a lot of flexibility. It brings the production tax credit as an option for solar. And certainly, that could be a opportunity for high installation is in the southwest of the U.S., for example, may be the best option. So with transferability, it certainly adds more liquidity to, I would say, a more liquid market to monetizing the tax attributes. There are still some significant benefits to having tax equity partnerships, though, where you have the tax depreciation benefit in addition to the credit that you're monetizing as well as just in the way these projects get structured, there's a step-up in the value of the assets when they're contributed to a partnership and there's a benefit to the value of the tax attributes when that occurs as well. So it does add some optionality, flexibility. And so for us, it's good to have in our toolkit. And then down the road, we'll look to see as AES moves forward in time, we may be able to utilize some of these tax credits for our own account, but I wouldn't expect that until several years down the road.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Seaport. Angie, your line is open.
Angie Storozynski: So first, just one clarification. So Stephen, you talked about the ITC contributions from the new build this year and the carryforward for 2023. Is there some change here versus how you have been accounting for these? I mean, I'm just trying to make sure that it's not somehow related to the IRA and some different recognition of the tax attributes.
Steve Coughlin: No. No, Angie. No change. But what we wanted to do was, a, as the IRA has been put in place and now we see the tax credits having a much longer life cycle extension well into the next decade. We wanted people to understand this is part of the economics of renewables of the whole in the U.S. We wanted people to understand what it means for AES and that this is a long runway and is an important component of how these assets get monetized and the return gets earned. The -- certainly, they will -- this will escalate over time. So we should expect that as we grow the business as anyone would grow the business, they'll have more share of credits. The other thing we wanted to point out is just if we look at the U.S. and utilities business unit, the fourth quarter, the skew towards the fourth quarter is, in large part, driven by the fact that we are commissioning more projects typically in the fourth quarter, more renewables projects and the tax credit recognition for the investment tax credit is tied to the commissioning. And so we will see a lift in the U.S. fourth quarter results as we did last year, as we will again this year in the fourth quarter as a result. So it was really those 2 reasons I wanted to point out the IRA and then the seasonality of the tax credit recognition in the U.S. and utilities SBU.
Angie Storozynski: And secondly and probably most importantly, so I remember a couple of quarters back, you guys had the seemingly lost growth targets. 4.5 to 5.5 gigs of PPAs per year. It seems like you're tracking well against that. I'm just wondering if there's any upside to that number. And even more importantly, it seems like you guys have more than 5 gigs of capacity under construction. And so I'm just hoping to get some reassurance how you're coping with that level of activity? And if you -- if there is a possibility to increase it and how, again, like logistically, can you handle that many projects?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Thank you, Angie. That's a great question. Yes, we have a significant step-up in our construction between this year and next. And you correctly point out, we have more than 5 gigawatts currently under construction. I think we've handled it very well. We have doubled the amount of people that we have working on construction in renewables in the U.S. We have been working with strategic EPC contractors, meaning that we can give them not sort of just project by project, but really a line of sight, how much work they're going to get over the next 2 years, so they're able to staff up. So we've done very well there. I think we've done a very good job of managing the solar panel supply, which has been very turbulent. We've had no delays this year due to solar panels. We have already most of the solar panels that we need for 2023. So we're working very closely with that also the inverter. So I feel very good about that. We have done a lot of outside the renewables area, a lot of big projects. So I think we have experience there. So I feel very comfortable. We will have a roughly doubling of what we commissioned this year to next year. And again, we've been worried about the supply chain. We started more than 2 years ago. So we, I think, are in as good shape as anybody in handling it. And I think the results speak for themselves. We haven't had to delay any projects because of a lack of supplies or a lack of construction workers or anything of the sort. Regarding sort of the upside, as I said, the IRA does provide upside. It has good incentives for renewables. They will be, I think, increasing demand certainly from corporations. And I think what's very important is we're not just looking at increasing our growth rate but making sure that we're growing profitably and growing well.
Angie Storozynski: And my last question about the financing of that incremental growth, especially in this higher interest rate environment. So I mean, are you revisiting the past idea of more of like a systematic recycling of capital from your existing assets? Is there again, especially ahead of the announcement for green hydrogen projects. I mean I'm assuming that, that comes with a pretty aggressive capital outlays. So how do you finance it?
Andres Gluski: What I'd say, we're going to continue to churn capital. As our projects mature, it's a way of increasing our return on invested capital. As you know, once we finish renewable projects, we sell down to people who want a fully contracted U.S. dollar renewable. So our plan through 2025 that we've laid out is fully financed. If we were going to know I would say, going forward, if there are additional very profitable opportunities, we'll have to look at that, but we have a lot of options. We have a lot of options. We're investment grade. And as we have done in the past, we can turn more quickly some of our assets in terms of our sell-downs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Campanella from Credit Suisse. Nick, your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: This [Fae] is for Nick today. I just want to quickly touch on Ohio rate case. We saw some peers going through this process, having some challenges there. Could you just update us on how you're managing your regulatory strategy in Ohio and the rate outcome there? If there's any changes from the last update. But again, recognizing Ohio is pretty -- has a pretty minimal impact to the consolidated EPS. Just any color would be appreciated.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. No, happy to. This is Steve. We are being very strategic. And I'm sure you saw that we did file for an electric security plan for, so our ESP 4 very recently. So we are still awaiting the decision from the utility commission on the rate case that's outstanding. We are expecting that decision still before the end of the year. . But look, the issue at hand is whether rates need to be frozen while we currently have this rate stability charge that's been in place for about 20 years. We think there is broad support for the new rates that are -- have been asked for in the plan and the staff came out and supported those. So what we decided to do was go ahead and chart a path to moving on to a new ESP regardless of what this outcome is in this case. And therefore, that clock has already started ticking. As Andres said, we'd expect that to be resolved by middle to second half of next year on the ESP 4. And our focus is really on growing the utility. As Andres said, this is a utility where we have the lowest rates by far across all customer classes. We want to get to a place. There's a significant opportunity for upgrades and investments, and we want to have a healthy structure from which to continue investing in a healthy balance sheet for the utility. So the ESP 4 was filed to give that path there. We still believe in the case that we filed and that the stability charge can still be in place. But in the case that the commission decides they want to hold rates until that stability charge is retired, then we'll have this ESP 4 path -- it's already out there. It's already being in the process, and we'll have that then by the middle of next year as opposed to waiting for this to be decided and then going ahead and creating what's the next security plan. So that was our goal and our thinking here. And as I said, we still expect a decision this year on the case.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Julien, your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Congratulations on the continued success here. If I can, just to pivot back to where we started with some of this conversation. I want to try to get back at some of the tax credit dynamics and how that plays itself out over the next few years. So clearly, you all have outperformed on continued backlog generation and bring into construction. Can we talk about some of the cadence of in-service here and how that translates back to credit? I appreciate the detail on '22 about what that means on an income basis. But can you talk a little bit relative to the earlier guidance, what was embedded as far as earnings expectations? And then try to transpose that against where we are against the current cadence of when is that construction progress going to reach in-service? When is that backlog effectively fully in service, right, i.e., over the next 2 or 3 years? I just try to reconcile prior versus today on the updated backlog as well as considering the pivot to a solar PTC from an ITC, which also may meet be something of an offset to the positives described here?
Andres Gluski: Okay. Julien, good to talk to you, there are a lot of questions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry, I know a lot take it as you will.
Andres Gluski: So let me -- let me try to frame it we'll answer between Steve and myself. So I guess the first question is, I think regarding the new IRA, it does give us flexibility to choose in terms of ITC, PTC on some projects. This will start in 2023, which is somewhat of a -- I'd say it's a slight upside there. Regarding sort of the cadence, these do tend to be somewhat backloaded in the end of the year. So that Steve had mentioned, this is just because of the financing structure. So it tends to be Q3, Q4. And I think that will continue to be so going forward. In terms of our backlog, yes, I mean we have -- as we mentioned, it's 11.2 gigawatts, and the vast majority of that is going to be commissioned before end of 2025. So there are a few projects that go beyond that. So as projects get commissioned, new ones come into the backlog. I think what's important, again, if you think of this in terms of our installed capacity, it's -- the backlog is one-thirds of our current installed capacity. So we feel good about our growth rates. We feel good about the -- who we're contracting with. So our growth in the U.S., of course, is investment-grade off-takers, utilities and -- but mostly corporate clients and internationally as well. What we're signing overseas is mainly in Chile with people like Codelco, big copper exporter, others that -- it's -- we feel it's just as good a risk as if they were in the U.S. So I think I'll pass it off to Steve to get a little bit more in the weeds of the tax itself, some of your other questions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And if I can, just to clarify, if you don't mind, just to jump in, the cadence by year rather not by intra-quarter kind of thing, but by year breaking down that 11 gig, if we can. Just -- again, I'm just trying to reconcile the older expectations versus newer and try to understand how many gigs per year you can kind of credibly expect?
Andres Gluski: What I would say is, look, we're going from about, I think, less than 2 gig this year, somewhere around 4 gigs next year. And then at some point, if you are always signing 5 gigs of new renewable contracts, you will be commissioning or bringing online 5 gig. The 2 sort of come together. So the catch-up is -- the biggest catch-up will be next year. And then you have the 2 lines going in parallel. Now again, if our signings increase, well, then there will be a lag of about a -- let's say, between 18 months and 24 months between the greater number for signing PPAs and the commissionings are bringing online.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And Julien, so I would say, also taking the number -- Andres said 4 gigawatts next year, that will continue to grow. This is our main growth business for us. It's 5 gigawatts, 6 gigawatts. We'll give more color on that next year as we update our guidance. And then I would look at that and say that roughly, on average, say, two-thirds of that is in the U.S. And then a larger share of that is solar and solar plus storage of that that's in the U.S. So say, roughly 75% today is solar, solar plus storage of the U.S. backlog. And so that's ITC qualified. We can't elect PTC now, as I said, we're looking at that where it makes sense for the returns, and that's typically where you have higher capacity factors, where the installation is high as, say, the Southwest of the U.S. The credits will continue to increase significantly. I think next year is on is going to be a big jump year-over-year because the level of commissioning is going way up next year. And it is heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter of the year. But as we continue to grow this business, the timing will become less of an issue as we get to more of a consistent state of additions year-over-year. But the credits are an important part of how it's monetized and wanted to show that given the IRA and also given how the U.S. Utilities SBU seasonality is becoming more shaped by the renewables, the clean energy business in the U.S. but it's important for everyone to understand what that looks like for modeling purposes.
Operator: We have our next question comes from Ryan Levine from Citi. Ryan, your line is open.
Ryan Levine: I wanted to follow up on some of the ITC clarifications. So as you're looking for the U.S. portion, what adders are you assuming that you'll be able to realize as you move forward with these projects? And specifically, are you seeing any low mineral income adders anticipated for your solar projects and both in your current portfolio? And then on a go-forward basis, are you looking to evolve what types of projects you're pursuing in light of the details of the IRA?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So you're talking about like the adders for the energy communities and domestic content, things like that. Is that right? 
Ryan Levine: Correct.
Steve Coughlin: So yes, I think roughly one-third of our U.S. pipeline today is in these energy communities that qualify for the 10% adder. I think as we move forward, then we look at domestic content, we are a leader. We've launched our U.S. solar buyer consortium. We expect first supplies from that in 2024. So I would expect us to be having a share. I don't have a specific percentage right now, but a material share of our projects meeting the domestic content production in 2024. And then we are fully ready to be qualified for the wage and apprenticeship requirements and training already. So that's a nonissue. We're already have that 30% level with our project. And then I would expect at least one-third to be in that 40% level and some perhaps even higher up to 50% with the domestic content as that starts to become part of our panel supply in '24 and beyond.
Ryan Levine: And then in terms of the transferability comments, as you're looking to make decisions around whether or not to use tax equity partners or utilize the transferability feature. Has that fully been determined at this point? Or is there still some negotiation or analysis that needs to do to determine how you'll structure for future deals?
Steve Coughlin: I mean, I would say, look, I think the -- for us, as a leader in the market, we have a lot of long-term deep relationships on the tax equity side. So for us, and we have a lot of capabilities of very -- the top talent in the industry on structuring these projects on the commercial side, on the tax side so that we're optimizing returns. So for us, as I said before, transferability is an option, I'm not convinced, in fact, that it actually optimizes returns because there is the tax depreciation component, which is also an important component of value of the accelerated depreciation. So -- and they're structuring to step up the value of these projects as once they're built, the value of them is typically higher than what the capital cost was. So there's an important -- it's important that we pay attention to returns. And for us, transferability, although it brings more liquidity to the market. AES as a leader already has I would say, the liquidity we need to monetize the tax attributes. So we'll look at it, but there's nothing -- I wouldn't say for us, it's a significant game changer, given our scale existing capabilities.
Operator: We have our last question comes from Gregg Orrill from UBS. Gregg, your line is open.
Gregg Orrill: Congratulations. Regarding the LNG success year-to-date and your thoughts on next year, just in terms of the repeatability there. What gives you the confidence there? If there's anything you could share about what you might have sold forward or thoughts on what sort of conditions need to repeat for you to deliver that again?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Gregg, I would say, look, -- what we said is that there are -- there is a continuation of this into the fourth quarter, a bit smaller. There's a possibility for next year. And that will depend on the spread between, again, Henry Hub plus prices that we get on our contracts and prices in Europe. So that's really the importance. I think in terms of the hydrology, we need continued good hydrology in Panama, and reservoirs are quite high. So we're going in, in a favorable condition. So it really is what will be the spreads that justify this making that shipment. And I would say also, we would expect less volume in any case next year than this year. So it would be an upside. We're not counting on a very large amount of LNG. So conditions, it looks like it's a possibility, but we're not counting on it. And those are the drivers. And so I think you can see how those drivers are moving and see there's a possibility for this.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would say just to add, for the fourth quarter of this year, we've already -- for whatever we would do with LNG has done for this year. So we've already -- we have a much smaller upside in the fourth quarter already built into our commentary on meeting the -- at or near the top end of our guidance range. So that any additional volumes would be -- we'd be talking about next year and whether the market conditions, as Andres said, are conducive to that, we think it's very possible, and it would be more upside. But for this year, we've already contracted what we could contract.
Gregg Orrill: Does where you end up this year? Obviously, you've said at or near the top of earnings guidance. Does that have an impact at all on how you think about giving '23 guidance? Does it serve as a base or some kind of reference point? Or are you still sort of pointing back to a different base?
Andres Gluski: We'd be pointing back to the different base. I mean we've said 7 to 9 growth and through 2025, and that's what we're committed to achieving. So it's not changing our base year for our growth rate.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And that was my -- yes. It's a very good year. I think there's more upside, as Andres said. But I wouldn't say it's such a new baseline because this isn't necessarily a recurring at this level thing.
Operator: We have no more further questions on the line. I will now hand back to Susan for closing remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. We will look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Financial Conference later this month. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the AES Corporation Second Quarter 2022 Financial Review Call. My name is Irene, and I will be coordinating this event. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the conference over to our host Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations. Susan, please go ahead. 
Susan Harcourt: Thank you operator. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2022 financial review call. Our press release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our second quarter 2022 financial review call. As you have seen from our earnings release, we reported second quarter adjusted EPS of $0.34, which was in line with our expectations and consistent with our historical quarterly earnings profile. Our CFO, Steve Coughlin will discuss our financial results in more detail. Based on our year-to-date results and outlook for the second half of the year, we are reaffirming our 2022 guidance and our expectation for annualized growth in adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow of 7% to 9% through 2025. I would also note that our guidance and expectations do not include any benefit from proposed US climate legislation, which we see as a meaningful source of potential upside as it would drive additional demand for renewables and energy storage and accelerate the development of green hydrogen projects in the US. This morning I will discuss our strategy in the context of two broad themes. First, our resilience to macroeconomic volatility including high inflation, high commodity prices, fluctuations in foreign currency and ongoing supply chain constraints; and second, continued strong demand for renewables, particularly from corporate and industrial customers. With this backdrop in mind, I will discuss the robustness of our business and also review our disciplined approach to growth, both of which provide us with full confidence in our ability to hit our financial and strategic goals this year and beyond. Beginning with our resilience on slide 4. As a result of the transformation of our portfolio over the last 10 years, our financial results this quarter were insulated from the impacts of rising inflation, depreciating US dollar and volatile commodity prices. We do not expect any of these factors to have any impact on our full year results. As I have discussed on previous calls, 85% of our adjusted pretax contribution is derived from long-term contracts for generation and our regulated utilities. For the 15% of our earnings that is not derived from long-term contracts or utilities, such as our legacy Southland business in California or the 10% that is not denominated in US dollars, we have largely hedged both exposures. In some cases our strong contractual arrangements have allowed for additional upside. Throughout 2022, we have signed agreements to redirect excess LNG from Panama to international customers. The benefits of these agreements will accrue through the remainder of the year and we have the potential to sign similar agreements next year depending on market conditions. Turning to construction and supply chains on Slide 5. Our strategic sourcing and ability to execute on our commitments our key competitive advantages and we expect to complete all of the projects in our 10.5 gigawatt backlog with no cancellations or significant changes. We take a proactive approach to working with our suppliers and as a result, we had all of the solar panels required for our 2022 projects in country earlier this year. More recently, we worked to quickly resume imports following the Biden Administration's June executive order and none of our suppliers' panels have been stopped by customs this year. We also took decisive steps to further decrease solar panel supply risk by creating a more robust US supply chain. In June, we launched the US Solar Buyer Consortium along with three other solar developers to significantly drive the expansion of domestic solar manufacturing. Collectively, we committed to purchasing more than $6 billion of solar panels for manufacturers that can supply up to seven gigawatts of solar modules per year made in the USA starting from 2024. Therefore, despite industry-wide supply chain challenges, we do not anticipate any major delays to our US renewables backlog of 5.9 gigawatts. I would note that only two projects have been shifted from 2022 to 2023 and these were moved as a result of changes requested by customers with no impact on our guidance and expectations for this year or next. In addition, we recently broke ground on the largest utility scale solar plus storage project in the state of Hawaii. Across the states, we have more renewable projects under development and/or under construction than anyone else. As you can see on Slide 6, we anticipate completing 1.8 gigawatts of new renewables globally this year, 4.6 gigawatts next year for a total of 6.4 gigawatts by the end of 2023. Turning to Slide 7. Looking to our future growth. We continue to see strong demand for renewables from our key customer groups. Despite increases in the cost of renewables resulting from inflation and supply chain constraints, a far greater increase in the cost of fossil fuels has made renewable energy even more price competitive. As a result, demand from corporate customers has never been higher. So far this year, we have signed or been awarded 1.6 gigawatts of long-term renewable PPAs, the majority of which have been negotiated on a bilateral basis. For full year 2022, we continue to expect to reach a total of 4.5 gigawatts to 5.5 gigawatts. As shown on Slide 8, we now have a backlog of 10.5 gigawatts all of which is expected to come online through 2025. Turning to Slide 9. I'd like to note that we currently have 13.7 gigawatts of renewables and operations. So this backlog of projects in construction or with signed PPAs represent more than 75% growth in our installed renewable capacity over the next four years. Including additional PPAs, we expect to sign by 2025, our portfolio will grow to almost 50 gigawatts of which 77% will be renewables. We also expect to have completely exited coal at that time. As we scale up in renewables, we continue to complement our portfolio with innovative businesses and solutions which require the best talent in order to deliver on our commitments. Earlier this week, Fast Company recognized AES in their top 10 rankings of best workplaces for Innovators and as the winner in the category of best workplaces for Early Career Innovator. We are very proud of receiving this recognition and our innovative teams and their many accomplishments. Additionally, although we don't have any specific announcements to make today, we continue to make good progress on our two large green hydrogen projects in the US and Chile. These projects include the integration of electrolyzers and renewable and have the potential to provide significant new sources of growth. I will provide additional updates in the coming months. In the meantime, we launched a 2.5-megawatt pilot project in Chile. This project will be a hydrogen fueling station and will produce up to one metric ton of green hydrogen per day.  Finally turning to Slide 10. Growth opportunities at our US utilities represent one of the key drivers of our overall 7% to 9% annual growth in earnings and cash flow. This growth also advances our objective of increasing the proportion of our earnings from the US to 50%.  As a reminder in both Indiana and Ohio, we have the lowest residential rates in each state, providing a great runway for growth and investment, while keeping rates affordable for our customers. Through 2025, we expect to invest a total of $4 billion in new renewables, generation, transmission, modernization and smart grid at our US utilities. These investments will improve our customers' experience and translate to average annual rate base growth of 9% which is at the high-end of growth projection for US utility.  We expect the earnings from these core businesses to grow inline with the rate base. At AES Ohio, we are currently awaiting the commission's decision on our distribution rate case. As a reminder, we see significant opportunity to invest to improve reliability and strengthen AES Ohio's balance sheet, while remaining cost competitive.  With that I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin. 
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andrés and good morning, everyone. Today I will discuss our second quarter results 2022 parent capital allocation and 2022 guidance. Turning to our financial results for the quarter beginning on Slide 12. I'm pleased to share that we had a good second quarter in line with our expectations which keeps us well on track for our full year guidance.  Adjusted EPS was $0.34 versus $0.31 last year, driven by growth in our core business segments higher margins primarily at AES Andes and a lower adjusted tax rate. These positive contributions were partially offset by the higher share count as a result of the accounting adjustment we made for our equity units, higher parent interest expense related to growth funding and onetime outages at select thermal businesses. These outages were primarily driven by turbine manufacturer component defects and the plants impacted are now all back online. There are two additional points I would like to highlight from the second quarter. First, we successfully closed several nonrecourse subsidiary financing, extending tenures at very attractive rates and expanding facilities that support our renewables growth. And second, our collections and days sales outstanding in all of our businesses remain strong reflecting our predominantly investment-grade rated customer base. Turning to side 13. Adjusted pre-tax contribution or PTC was $304 million for the quarter, which was relatively flat year-over-year consistent with the drivers I just discussed. I'll cover the performance of our strategic business units or SBUs in more detail over the next four slides beginning on slide 14. In the US in Utilities SBU, lower PTC was driven primarily by outages at Southland and AES Indiana as well as lower contributions from AES Clean Energy due to increased investment in renewables development. Contributions from new clean energy project commissionings will be more skewed to the second half of the year. Higher PTC at our South America SBU was mostly driven by higher contributions from AES Andes resulting from our increased ownership as well as higher margins, but partially offset by the outages I previously mentioned. Higher PTC at our Mexico Central America and Caribbean or MCAC SBU, primarily reflects favorable market conditions caused by better hydrology in Panama. As Andrés discussed the reduced need for thermal generation in Panama has allowed us to sell our excess LNG on the international market at higher prices, which will serve as a positive driver in the remainder of the year. Finally in Eurasia, while our business performance has been very strong the lower PTC reflects higher interest expense coming from additional non-recourse debt at one of our Eurasia Holdco. Now to slide 18. We are on track to achieve our full year 2022 adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.55 to $1.65. Our typical quarterly earnings profile is more heavily weighted toward Q3 and Q4 with about two-thirds of our earnings occurring in the second half of the year. We continue to expect a similar profile this year as we grow more in the US where earnings are higher in the second half based on solar generation profiles, utility demand seasonality, the commissioning of more new projects in the third and fourth quarters and higher demand at Southland and the peak cooling months in Southern California. Growth in the year to go will be primarily driven by contributions from new businesses including 1.4 gigawatts of projects in our backlog coming online over the next six months as well as further accretion from our increased ownership of AES Andes, higher LNG revenues and growth at our US utilities. We are also reaffirming our expected 7% to 9% average annual growth target through 2025 based on our expected growth in renewables energy storage and US utilities. Our guidance also assumes the recycling of capital from many of our thermal businesses into those three growth areas across our portfolio. Now to our 2022 parent capital allocation plan on slide 19. Sources reflect approximately $1.6 billion of total discretionary cash including $900 million of parent free cash flow. Due to timing uncertainty around our planned asset sales, we are now expecting to achieve the lower end of our $500 million to $700 million asset sales target within the year with the remaining sales expected to close in 2023. To fund our strong growth expectations until the asset sales are completed, we plan to issue approximately $200 million of new parent debt which was already included in the long-term capital allocation plan we laid out earlier this year. On the right-hand side, you can see our planned use of capital. We will return nearly $500 million to shareholders this year. This consists of our common share dividend including the 5% increase we announced last December and a coupon on the equity units. We plan to invest approximately $1.1 billion in our subsidiaries as we capitalize on attractive opportunities for growth. About half of these investments are in renewables reflecting our success in securing new long-term contracts during 2021 and our expectations for 2022. Nearly one-quarter of these investments are in our US utilities to fund rate base growth with a continued focus on grid and fleet modernization. In summary, nearly three-quarters of our investments this year are going to grow AES' renewables businesses in our US utilities, reflecting our commitment to continue executing on AES' portfolio transformation. We have made great progress on our growth investments so far this year and remain on track with our annual investment targets. We will continue to allocate our capital in line with our strategy to lead in renewables, grow our utilities by 9% annually and to recycle capital out of thermal assets to decarbonize our portfolio. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you Steve. In summary, our actions and strategy have put us in a strong position to achieve this year's guidance and a 7% to 9% annualized growth through 2025. Once again, our portfolio of businesses is proving its resilience to any macroeconomic volatility in the US or internationally. We have signed or been awarded 1.6 gigawatts of new renewable PPAs year-to-date and we're targeting 4.5 gigawatts to 5.5 gigawatts this year. Our backlog has reached 10.5 gigawatts and our construction schedule has not been affected by supply chain issues. To further derisk our supply chain, we have led a consortium to buy up to seven gigawatts of US made solar panels annually starting in 2024. Finally, we see significant upside to our growth including green hydrogen in the US, should the proposed Inflation Reduction Act be approved. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Insoo, your line is open.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. First question starting off with the IRA bill. Thank you for the comments on potential upside and all that stuff. I guess, are you inferring that if this bill does pass as proposed that you could potentially see upside to your 7% to 9% EPS growth over the next few years on a CAGR basis?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Good morning Insoo. Look what we're saying is that there is a number of very good opportunities, which would be certainly made more likely by the IRA bill. And one of them for example is green hydrogen in the US. We'd also expect greater demand from utilities and corporate customers as well. So it's generally. So rather than say we're going to exceed that it certainly would push us towards the higher end if these come true. So that's how I would think about it.
Insoo Kim: Okay. And you think at that higher end there's enough visibility of that if the component of the bill has passed?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. I mean, I think there will be discrete projects potentially in green hydrogen. And also you would see it in the number of renewables that we signed in the US.
Insoo Kim: Got it. My second question on that consortium for domestic panel manufacturing on solar. How should we think about what that does for the projects that get those panels domestically from a cost perspective, and just any changes to the return profile for those projects that we should be considering?
Andrés Gluski: Well, this starts in 2024. I would say that the major component is the security of supply. As we've seen this just this week, having a domestic manufacturing is very beneficial. You'll also see that Fluence came out with an announcement that they're going to manufacture their modules in Utah, here in the States. So, I'd say, look, it's large enough that it should be cost competitive and so this would be incorporated and we have to see what is the market clearing prices here in the US for solar projects. Now as we talked about in the past, most of our projects in the US are bilateral, negotiated with corporate clients. We're not just adding a generic clean kilowatt hours, we're you're also adding other features and more value for our customers. So, I think this will help us be more cost competitive. I think that -- but, the most important factor is that it will insulate us from any sort of trade restrictions in the future on the imports of solar panels from Asia. So that is the -- I think the main benefit.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you so much.
Andrés Gluski:
Operator: Thank you, Insoo. Our next question comes from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley. David, you may ask your question.
David Arcaro: Hi. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. I was wondering on the pace of PPA signings here. What's the pace we should expect through the rest of the year? We've seen, I guess, a bit of a slowdown in the second quarter with the uncertainty around the tariff. But what's your confidence level right now in still achieving that 4.5 gigawatt to 5.5 gigawatt level by the end of the year?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Good morning, David. Great questions. As I had said on the prior call that we expected this to be more weighted towards the second half of the year, because of uncertainties that we continue to negotiate it with key clients, but there was a certain amount of price uncertainty that we had to have cleared and that has occurred. So, just as we speak right now, we expect to sign a another 500 megawatts roughly today and that would bring us up to 2.1 gigawatts. So, as of -- again, we expect sort of breaking news. We expect them to be signing as we speak. And if that occurs then we would be at 2.1 gigawatts, which is close to the half of the bottom range, but we do expect activity to pick up in the second half. So, we feel confident that we'll be in the range of 4.5 gigawatts to 5.5 gigawatts. These are lumpy. So, you noticed that this -- it's not like we're signing them in 50-megawatt increments. It had this occurred on day earlier, the information on the press release and our disclosure would have been different. So, we expect to sign this morning. And with that, we'd be at 2.1 gigawatts.
David Arcaro: Got it. Okay. No, that's great to hear. It sounds like active dialogue going on obviously. And then, I just -- I wanted to touch on foreign exchange. We've seen some sizable moves in the foreign exchange rates. But are you seeing -- or any way you could quantify the potential kind of drag there is some impact on future years? And if efforts are kind of underway to look for offsets and to manage that any downside exposure there?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, hey, this is Steve. So we are -- I think you're asking for the longer term, but we are very well hedged through 2023, even a little bit beyond. So actually -- we actually see some net upside frankly this year based on our hedge positions. The other thing to keep in mind is that, we're -- about 90% of our business is US dollar denominated. So where we're exposed is a limited set of businesses, its Argentina, its Brazil and Colombia. So it's basically a fairly small exposure. I think, in fact, in Brazil we've seen the real appreciate this year, so we've had some favorability there. So I would say, really, it's just we have to keep our eye on Argentina. We have ways to mitigate that. We have expenses in the country; have local debt in the country. So it's manageable within the guidance is how I would look at it.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. I would add also that, part of that is Bulgaria.
Steve Coughlin: Yes.
Andrés Gluski: Which is euros.
Steve Coughlin: Yes.
Andrés Gluski: So if you look at between dollars and euros, you're probably getting to about 95%. So we're very much in strong currency. This is, again, a decade of work and with the great job that the finance team has done in shaping our portfolio, but also making sure that the new contracts we sign are primarily in dollars.
David Arcaro: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks so much.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, David. Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore. Durgesh, your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, Steve and Andrés. Breaking news in the 500 megawatts. Can you -- is that what, with one customer? Congrats, by the way. Is that with one customer or is that multiple customers?
Andrés Gluski: That is one transaction. That is one transaction. 
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Congrats on that. Okay. So I wanted to kind of dig in a little bit on the alternative minimum tax and how do you think that impacts you and your business. I mean, I think, the last time we talked about it, the headwind was offset by credits. Maybe just talk to that. And then, Andrés, I'd love to get your views on this transferability concept that is introduced in the bill. How do you think that works?
Steve Coughlin: Okay. So I'll take on the tax side, I guess. So, look, it is still somewhat early. The situation is still fluid and moving around. But based on what we know at this point, we don't see any material impact from the 15% global min tax in the near term. So we'll continue to look into the details and monitor it and we'll make a final assessment once the bill is finalized. If anything, it would be several years into the future and I would expect that we would have offsets and planning activities by that time. So basically, this is like a -- it's a parallel methodology. We already are subject to the GILTI tax regime. This is just another way of calculating to ensure you reach a minimum. Again, I don't expect and our taxing doesn't expect it to impact us over the next few years.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Regarding your question on transferability, this is being able to sell tax credits to third parties. We don't see like a major impact, but we see it as an additional tool in our cash management practices. So that's favorable.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. I mean, it could impact the way tax equity partnerships are structured, could make it simpler perhaps. So we've got to see what all the rules are around the transferability first. But if anything it looks that it may make the financing structure simpler to manage and account for.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it, okay. I appreciate it certainly. So thank you for the discussion. Maybe just a really quick follow-up, Steve when you say several years out on the alternative minimum tax is that because of your U.S. businesses are not of that $1 billion threshold. Is that why it is, or when you say several years out, what does that mean?
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. So there is a $1 billion test as you referred to. So I don't expect that we would meet that. And there's like a three-year I think averaging of that. I don't expect we would meet that for several years to come.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thanks for the time guys.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Sunderland from JPMorgan. Richard, your line is open.
Richard Sunderland: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the time today. Starting with the 2H walk, I see $0.08 from new renewables. I'm curious is that pretty locked in given your commentary around only two projects shifting into 2023? I guess, similarly on that front, the $0.08 of LNG utilities and other, can you break that down to the component uses and relative line of sight to the U.S. utilities portion you've given Ohio remains outstanding?
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. So the $0.08 of renewables, yeah, I feel very good about both of these buckets frankly. So the renewables is both the growth in new projects as well as we do have some higher generation out of our hydro portfolio. As you recall last year was a poor hydro year. So that's in that bucket as well. And then, on the utilities and LNG side, as Andrés mentioned, we've had -- we've been really on the right side of things with the commodities this year. So LNG international prices are quite high. We have LNG position of course in our MCAC unit, specifically in Panama where we've had quite a wet year we've been able to not use that gas in Panama and redirect those cargoes and sell them on the international market. So there -- while that's not in the year-to-date, it is a year to go favorability. So that's a little over half I would say of that $0.08. We've got some additional utility growth baked in for the second half of the year. Those are the two primary components of that $0.08. And frankly, I see potential for even more upside. So that's -- and then, I think you asked about Ohio as well. So with Ohio where, -- as Andrés said in his comments, we don't yet have a decision. It's not something that we had a material contribution assumed from the new rates this year. So certainly we look forward to a decision continue to expect a constructive outcome. But it's not going to be a driver one way or the other for this year.
Richard Sunderland: Understood, I appreciate the color there. And they're thinking broadly about the U.S. green hydrogen opportunity. How do you think this, ties in with the existing renewables platform? How could it expand I guess both the demand for new renewables and timing with some of the more complex structured products opportunities you capitalized on in the past two years? 
Steve Coughlin: Well, as we said in the past we are looking at partnerships with producers of hydrogen to actually get more integrated in the whole production chain. So, what's very interesting is that the problem of producing cheap green hydrogen is very much like supplying 24/7 100% green energy or carbon-free energy to data centers. So, we think we have a leg up here. So, we're working on this. If the legislation passes then it's very likely to move forward. So, that's what we've been waiting for. In the meantime in Chile we have a different project which obviously does not depend on this. And that would be much more to supply the local market. And we have done a very good job of decarbonizing the Chilean system and the mining sector in particular. So, we feel good about both of these and these would be significant projects. So, they would accelerate the growth of renewables because of the additional demand.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. Very helpful. Just one final cleanup for me. The Southland outage what led to that and any inflation impact there? 
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So it was actually Southland and also it was the same root cause at Indiana. So, there are veins on the turbine compressor unit I understand. So, don't go to go into too much detail but they -- there's a failure of component related to manufacturing defect. And so those units both have replacements in Eagle Valley in Indiana and our Southland the New Southland combined cycles in the gas turbine. So, those have been replaced. They are both back online at this point. 
Richard Sunderland: Understood. Thank you for the time today.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Seaport. Angie, your line is open.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So, I wanted to go back to the Ohio rate case. I understand that it has no impact on the timing of the those decision on 2022, but it will have on 2023. I mean by all accounts it sounds like you will have to file an ESP. So, it might take time right to the final of the resolution? So, there should be an impact in 2023. And so in that context I mean can you -- I mean you mentioned that there is additional optionality around the LNG cargoes that could impact 2023. So, is it fair to assume that any impact by the shifting of the LNG cargoes also in 2023?
Steve Coughlin: I mean it certainly could be. We're not necessarily attributing one as an offset to the other Angie. So, the issue -- the staff had already come out and supported a rate increase. The issue at hand was whether because we've historically had this rate stability charge in place. It's been in place for about 20 years now whether the rate any new rates could be implemented while that charge is still in place. And so that's I think the fundamental issue on being evaluated by the commissioners. If in fact the rates are frozen, we'll move quickly to file a new ESP, and that will have new riders associated with it. And so it would be more of a delay than anything. So at that point, the current rate stability charge would stay in place, we would file a new ESP and we would then – and that the new rates would be implemented once that ESP has been approved. So that would take into the middle of next year to some delay. We're still optimistic based on our belief of the – our legal position here that the rate freeze is not necessary or not – should not be required that the outcome will be in our favor on that. But regardless, we see a path to what we included in our guidance just could be a delay, if we have to go down the path of the rate freeze, as I described to get that ESP filed.
Andrés Gluski: And Angie, maybe to describe a little bit the opportunity in Panama. We have hydro, but we also have the LNG re-gasification terminal being at Henry Hub prices. Of course, Henry Hub prices plus transportation liquefaction re-gasification. But nonetheless, it's kind of a one-sided bet, because we have enough cash to fulfill our contracts, but we had the opportunity, if there is a lot of water a lot of water in the reservoirs to not burn, and therefore ship those cargoes to international customers at obviously the international rates. So there's a very interesting arbitrage opportunity there. So it's a one-sided bet. If it stops raining, or if the reservoir levels fall then we'll just consume the gas and fulfill our contracts.
Angie Storozynski: And how sort of, are you going to know that? So in a sense, I mean, it's hard to predict hydro conditions, but I mean, is it a bit like a rainy season by some months?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. So look, it's been raining a lot. So the rainy season has started. The reservoirs are full and that's why we're able to make these sell gas to international customers and get that arbitrage. What I'm referring to more really would be 2023 do these conditions persist, or does say 2023 start off being a very dry year. So for 2022, we're locked in. It's really a question of will this opportunity repeat in 2023.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Okay. So moving on to the other inflation bill, so I understand, the comments you made about green hydrogen and energy storage. But when you actually listen to smaller developers they are also talking about maybe installing – adding solar PV to existing sites of conventional power assets, retrofitting existing assets with storage facilities. I mean, some changes in repowering of wind farms. I mean, there are some I would say secondary benefits from that bill, which could also benefit your portfolio. I guess it depends on the age of your contracts, and how heavy they are in the money. But could you talk about again benefits or additional benefits that this bill could add to your existing portfolio?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. Well, of course, I think it helps repowering and add-ons. What we have to see is that, we already have contracts in these places. And so the question is, do we negotiate an additional contract from that location based on – we've done repowering already we're starting to – we've been repowering units in California at Mountain View, and also we plan to do some in Maryland at Laurel Mountain. So this helps those to happen, and you're right. It does -- one does have to look at what you have existing and what additional opportunities there, but since we are on the renewable side pretty much fully contracted then the question would be that additional energy do you -- is there an adder that you could add to the same client to keep it simple, or what are the opportunities there? But you're right, this is an upside that's smaller so we haven't talked that much about it.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And lastly, I mean, we saw these media reports about Vietnam and offshore wind. I mean, I don't think that I've ever imagined yet and offshore winds in the same sentence. So could you talk about that opportunity?
Andrés Gluski: Sure. You noticed it was in our press release. First, so I'd say, look this is a -- we're in Vietnam. We're helping the Vietnamese come up with a plan to decarbonize their grid. So we do have the LNG terminal project there. And we are -- have been talking about bringing in energy storage and other renewables. So, to eliminate the need for additional coal plants. So at this point, I'd say, this was more sort of an exploratory issue. We will be very disciplined and committed to all the goals that we've given 50% US, 50% renewables. Now whenever we get into a new technology, we'd obviously have to partner with somebody. So we haven't done any offshore wind, because it didn't make sense economically. The markets we're in like the US, there's still plenty of land and it just really wasn't cost competitive. But we have nothing, let's say, against the technology itself. But of course, we would have to partner with somebody who has a long experience. And so we're not going to get into a new technology in a large scale on our own at this time. And so this was -- again, this is not an announcement from us and what we guarantee is we're going to stick to the exact goals that we have given you. 
Angie Storozynski : Great. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Angie. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Julien, your line is open.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Good morning. It's Paul Zimbardo sitting in this busy morning. Thanks a lot.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning.
Paul Zimbardo: I wanted to check in. I believe the last long-term guidance you gave for AES Next was breakeven net income by the end of the plan in 2025. That's still a good assumption? And how could that evolve under the Inflation Reduction Act?
Steve Coughlin : Yes. Actually, it was 2024, Paul, that I said that. So look Fluence is the largest component of Next. So I can't go into detail, they'll have their call soon and we'll talk about their performance. But they've been executing on a number of things lately. As Andrés talked about, they are launching their Utah manufacturing facility. They're diversifying their battery supply base. So, we fully expect based on what they've guided to which is that they'll be bottom line neutral by 2024. That's very consistent with what we've included in our guidance as well. And so I would say, they'll talk about their progress, but we feel good about both. But Fluence is doing as well as the levers that AES has regardless of what happens with Fluence that that portfolio will be neutral and then growing from there.
Andrés Gluski: And maybe speak a little bit about the other components like Uplight. As you know, they did the deal with Schneider Electric. So they now have a much, let's say wider product offering and very strong strategic partner in Schneider. And then you have 5B, which is the producer of Maverick the prefab solar. We're seeing a lot of interest in Maverick, where you have the first large-scale projects being completed in Chile. We have big projects in Puerto Rico. And we've already done a small project in Panama. So what's very important about this project is – this product is that it's hurricane wind resistant. So we're seeing a lot of interest in all sort of hurricane built of the Caribbean for this product. And there's also been a change of government in Australia. This is an Australian company. So they have very large projects in Australia, which were looking very favorably and that's the sort of hometown [indiscernible]. So we feel good about that as well. So overall we feel that AES Next is fulfilling its mission of really giving us the leading-edge technologies and giving us the opportunity to be the first to roll them out.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just separately could you please elaborate a little bit on the recent California legislation, how that would impact either extending, increasing or both the cash flows from the gas assets you have there?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. No we feel very optimistic. So we have – as I talked about previously, we've only included Southland legacy businesses, you've got Alamitos Huntington Beach and Redondo through 2023. So it may not be all three plants, but I would say probably at least two that we would expect to be extended possibly for several years. So the formal process I would expect in terms of permitting the ones through cooling permits that are needed, et cetera will likely kick off here in the next one to two months. And then that will run into the first say half of next year through the first half of next year. As we've done in the past, when we've been facing a potential extension, we've looked to do where we've executed contingent capacity contracts, continued upon the permitting and all that coming forward – going forward. So we'll start looking at commercial opportunities for the extensions, once the formal process gets underway in the state. And so we'll have more certainty next year but I would say, we're all very optimistic here that given the fundamentals of the California system and the droughts in the Southwest of the US but that additional peak capacity is going to be needed for several years to come. And so we feel we're in a good position to provide that and that will provide some upside to our plan.
Paul Zimbardo: Great. Thank you, Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Paul
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Peters from Wolfe Research. David, your line is open.
David Peters: Yes. Hey, good morning, everyone. Andrés, I was just wondering if you could comment, specifically with respect to the US, LPA. We've heard from some companies here recently that they're seeing issues with panels being stopped recently at the border. Just wondering if you all are seeing this at all and if not kind of what you're doing differently I guess. 
Andrés Gluski: Yes. The Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, we have not seen any of our panel imports stopped by -- excuse me. As you know we've been on top of this matter for a long time, the polysilicon -- first the panels that we import to the US, come from Southeast Asia ASEAN countries. And we have asked the manufacturers to make sure that there's nothing that comes from Western China, that could be allegedly using forced labor. Polysilicon, the plan is that we're starting to use polysilicon coming from Korea. And that China would be the more likely place, where you -- there could be allegations of forced labor. But as you know the making of the wafers themselves, 95% of that today is still occurring in China. So we have to move that supply chain out of China, but it's going to take some time. But the short answer is no, we haven't seen anything and we believe our suppliers are the best place not to have any issues and documentations and we've been working with them, for a long time now. So this is nothing new, but we have to just see how this develops. So we don't expect any major issues. 
David Peters: Great. And then just one other one on the asset sale target being at the low end, and I guess you're expecting a little less dilution this year, as a result too. Can you just give a little bit more of an update on the processes in Vietnam and Jordan? And just when are those expected to close I guess? 
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Look, what's basically have, at least have to do with government approval. So we've agreed with our counterpart. It's not a question of price. It's just a question that the government -- well in the case of Vietnam, it's been the government's approval, of the new operator of the plant. And so that's taken some time for them to get comfortable with it. That's why it's dragged on. But we do expect resolution, by the end of this year. And the other case, I think you mentioned is Jordan, and that really has to do with some of the lenders including the US government signing off the loans, to the new buyers. So these have been really just bureaucratic issues, but the sale price, the buyer, the conditions have all been agreed to and it has taken longer than we expected. 
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Yes. And that's the majority of the $500 million. So we feel good, as Andrés said, we'll get there on those by the end of this year. And then, we have been working on additional sales and sell-downs of primarily thermal businesses. So as we work towards those and the timing around those, some variability, it looks like some of that may happen in say the first half of 2023, which is why we said, let's focus on $500 million this year, the remaining of the $500 million to $700 million will come in through next year. And then we have the full $1 billion target, we feel well on track for. So, it's just a matter of some timing expectations around, what we're doing in the next say 12 months or so. 
David Peters: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions. Therefore, I would like to hand back to Susan Harcourt, for any closing remarks. Susan, please go ahead. 
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions, you may have. Thank you and have a nice day. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this is today's conference call. Thank you for being with us today. Have a lovely day ahead. You may disconnect your lines now.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for attending today's AES First Quarter 2022 Financial Review Call. My name is Amber, and I will be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I now have the pleasure of handing the conference over to our host, Susan Harcourt, Vice President of Investor Relations with AES. Susan, please go ahead.
Susan Harcourt: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2022 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2022 financial review call. I am very happy to report that we have attained an investment-grade rating for Moody's. We are now investment-grade rated by all 3 major agencies, which is an important milestone for our company, and reflects a decade worth of work to transform our business. We're also reaffirming our 2022 guidance and annualized growth of 7% to 9% through 2025. Our business model continues to demonstrate its resilience and predictability even in the face of market volatility. Steve will cover our expectations for the remainder of the year in more detail, including the seasonality of our earnings profile. Today, I will discuss our 2022 construction program and the Department of Commerce's investigation into solar panel imports, the diverse drivers of our growth, including signed renewable energy PPAs and our U.S. utility, AES Next influence, and our strategic outlook for the sector. Beginning with our 2022 construction program on Slide 4. We are laser-focused on ensuring timely completion of projects. As we see our ability to execute on our commitments as a key source of competitive advantage. This year, we expect to complete more than 2 gigawatts of new renewables, including over 800 megawatts of solar in the U.S. In late March, the U.S. Department of Commerce launched an investigation into solar imports from 4 Southeast Asian countries, which collectively supply approximately 80% of solar panels for the U.S. market. The Department of Commerce is expected to make a preliminary determination on this case by no later than August. The resulting uncertainty around tariff levels has led to a drop in imports and project delays across the industry. However, due to our supply chain strategy, all of the panels for our 830 megawatts of projects to be completed in 2022 in the U.S. are already in country, and we do not anticipate any delays to those projects. I'd also note that 1/3 of our 2022 renewable projects are international and the remaining 683 megawatts in the U.S. are wind and energy storage. Moving to the diverse drivers of future growth, beginning on Slide 5. Our strategy is to provide differentiated products that allow us to work with our customers on a bilateral basis. As a result, last year, we signed a total of 5 gigawatts of PPAs for renewable energy, including more contracts with C&I customers than anyone else in the world. For full year 2022, we continue to expect to sign 4.5 to 5.5 gigawatts of renewables under long-term contracts with a roughly 50-50 split between the U.S. and international markets. We do expect PPA signings in the U.S. to be more weighted towards the second half of the year. So far this year, we have signed or been awarded 1.1 gigawatts, bringing our backlog to 10.3 gigawatts. Despite current headwinds for the sector, such as delays in U.S. climate legislation, and the supply chain issues we just discussed, we continue to see very strong demand for low-carbon energy and especially for structured products, such as our 24/7 renewable offering. In fact, as you may have seen earlier this week, we announced 2 key agreements for our structured products. First, the expansion of our partnership with Microsoft into California, the third market where we will supply renewable energy to match the load at their data centers; and second, our agreement with Amazon, under which we will provide 675 megawatts of renewable energy to their operations in California, including AWS' data centers. With these agreements, we are helping both companies achieve their ambitious sustainability goals. As you can see on Slide 6, we believe our development pipeline of 59 gigawatts is the second largest among U.S. renewables developers. This robust pipeline provides us with the projects we need to deliver on our backlog and continue to build on our competitive position in the market. Now turning to our regulated U.S. utility platforms, beginning on Slide 7. These businesses represent one of the key contributors to our overall 7% to 9% annual growth in earnings and cash flow as well as advancing our objective of increasing the proportion of earnings from the U.S. to 50%. In both markets, we have the lowest residential rates in the entire state which provides a runway for growth and investment while keeping affordable rates for our customers. Moving to Slide 8. In Indiana, we're benefiting from incentives to modernize the transmission and distribution network and transitioning to greener generation. Through 2025, we will be investing $2.7 billion, which we will recover through already approved rate mechanisms. Additionally, we expect to finalize our next integrated resource plan by this fall, allowing us to further transform AES Indiana's generation fuel mix. In Ohio, we're capitalizing on formula rate-based investments in the transmission network. At the same time, we are implementing our Smart Grid investment program, which is recovered through an existing rate mechanism. We also have a distribution rate case pending before the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Later this month, we will be presenting oral arguments directly to the commission and a favorable outcome, in this case, will bolster our ability to make the new investments needed to further strengthen AES Ohio's network. Turning to Slide 9. Through 2025, we expect to invest $4 billion to modernize our U.S. utilities. These investments translate to average annual rate base growth of 9% through 2025, which is at the high end of growth projections for U.S. utilities. We expect the earnings from these core businesses to grow in line with the rate base. Turning to Slide 10 for an update on AES Next. We are developing and incubating new products and business platforms through AES Next. Our investments in AES next help our businesses to be more innovative and competitive and drive value for our customers and shareholders. We are proud that earlier this year, Fast Company named AES is one of the 10 most innovative energy companies in the world and the only large publicly-traded company to be included on that list. Turning to Slide 11. The most mature initiative under AES Next today is Fluence, which as of December 31, had 4.2 gigawatts of energy storage products deployed and contracted and a signed backlog of $1.9 billion. Additionally, Fluence's digital platform, Fluence IQ, recently acquired Nispera, and now has a combined 15 gigawatts contracted or under management, of which more than 80% is with third-party customers. Over the past several months, Fluence has been dealing with short-term challenges mostly stemming from COVID-19 related supply chain issues. Their management team has taken proactive steps to address these challenges, including diversifying battery suppliers signing new shipping agreements, building out their in-house supply chain team and regionalizing their manufacturing. Overall, demand for energy storage remains very robust, and Fluence is well capitalized and positioned to grow as a market leader. We see a pathway for them to improve their margins and grow as the global energy transition continues to progress. Finally, turning to our strategic outlook for the sector, beginning on Slide 12. Our goal is to be the leader in providing low carbon energy solutions while delivering annualized earnings and cash flow growth of 7% to 9% through 2025. Today, there is an unprecedented transformation of our sector underway with governments, utilities and companies working to shift to low carbon sources of power. For example, just looking at the public commitment of the RE100, a group of over 350 large corporations who have committed to 100% renewable energy. We expect our annual demand to more than double to almost 400 terawatt hours of renewable energy by 2030. Facing this immense opportunity, we’re taking steps to ensure our continued competitive advantage in this once in a generation information of our sector. As you can see on Slide 13, this transformation is reflected in our own portfolio as we expect renewables to represent more than 3 quarters of our installed capacity by the end of 2025. During that same time period, we expect our renewables business to nearly triple from 13 gigawatts to approximately 38 gigawatts and our capacity from coal to go from 7 gigawatts to zero. With that, I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Stephen Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin : Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss our first quarter results 2022 parent capital allocation and 2022 guidance. Beginning on Slide 15, as Andres highlighted, I'm very pleased to share that Moody's recently completed a thorough review of our consolidated debt and cash flow across our businesses and upgraded AES to investment grade. This conclusion further validates our year's long effort to reduce risk and strengthen our balance sheet and will yield further benefits as we grow our business and attract new investors to AES. As an investment-grade rated company, we will continue to lead the renewable sector while growing our U.S. utility asset base and our long-term contracted generation portfolio. Turning to Slide 16 and the resiliency of our business model. Today, 85% of our adjusted PTC is from long-term contracted generation and utilities. We are largely insulated from the current macroeconomic volatility affecting commodity prices, inflation, interest rates and foreign currencies, with the vast majority of our portfolio benefiting from contractual indexation, fuel pass-through or hedging programs that limit our exposure. Combined, these macroeconomic factors had an impact of less than $2 million on our adjusted PTC in the first quarter. For the full year, we currently expect a net positive contribution from these macroeconomic factors as a result of higher natural gas prices and higher power prices in some of our markets. Now turning to our financial results for the quarter, beginning on Slide 17. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.21 versus $0.28 last year. Our core business segments grew by $0.04 over the first quarter of 2021. These positive contributions were offset by several negative drivers we had already anticipated in our 2022 guidance. First, higher losses at AES Next, primarily resulting from COVID-related supply chain issues at Fluence in the fourth quarter of 2021. As a reminder, we report Fluence's results on a 1 quarter lag. So the Fluence results relate to their December quarter end, which was disclosed in February and included in AES' full year guidance on our last call. Second, the higher share count as a result of the accounting adjustment we made for our equity units. Third, a higher quarterly effective tax rate than our overall expectation for the full year due to timing. And finally, nonrecurring gains on interest rate hedges recorded last year, which skewed the quarter over prior year quarter comparison. Turning to Slide 18. Adjusted pretax contribution, or PTC, was $207 million for the quarter, which was $40 million lower than 2021, consistent with the drivers I just discussed. I'll cover the performance of our strategic business units or SBUs in more detail over the next 4 slides. In the U.S. and utility strategic business unit, or SBU, higher PTC was driven primarily by earnings from new renewables coming online and higher contributions from Southland, partially offset by higher spend at AES Clean Energy due to an accelerated growth plan. Higher PTC at our South America SBU was mostly driven by our increased ownership of AES Andy's and higher contracted revenue in Colombia. Lower PTC at our Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, or MCAC SBU primarily reflects the sale of Tablo in the Dominican Republic in 2021 and lower availability at our generation facilities in Mexico. Finally, in Eurasia, higher PTC reflects higher revenue at our Mandan facility in Vietnam and higher power prices at our wind plant in Bulgaria, driven by commodity price increases. Now to Slide 23. We are on track to achieve our full year 2022 adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.55 to $1.65. Our typical quarterly earnings profile is more heavily weighted towards Q3 and Q4, with about 2/3 of our earnings occurring in the second half of the year. We continue to expect a similar profile this year as we grow more in the U.S. where earnings are higher in the second half of the year based on solar generation profiles, utility demand seasonality and the commissioning of more new projects in the third and fourth quarters. Growth in the year to go will be primarily driven by contributions from new businesses, including over 2 gigawatts of projects in our backlog coming online over the next 9 months, as well as further accretion from our increased ownership of ASMs. We are also reaffirming our expected 7% to 9% average annual growth target through 2025, based on our expected growth in renewables and U.S. utilities as well as the recycling of our capital into additional investment opportunities we see across our global portfolio. Now to our 2022 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 24. Sources reflect approximately $1.4 billion to $1.7 billion of total discretionary cash, including $900 million of parent free cash flow and $500 million to $700 million of proceeds from asset sales. On the right-hand side, you can see our planned use of capital. We will return nearly $500 million to shareholders this year. This consists of our common share dividend, including the 5% increase we announced in December and the coupon on the equity units. We plan to invest approximately $900 million to $1.1 billion in our subsidiaries as we capitalize on attractive opportunities for growth. Nearly half of these investments are in renewables, reflecting our success in securing long-term contracts during 2021 and our expectations for 2022. About 25% of these investments are in our U.S. utilities, to fund rate base growth with a continued focus on grid and fleet modernization. In summary, close to 3/4 of our investments this year are going to renewables growth in our U.S. utilities businesses helping us to achieve our goal of increasing the proportion of earnings from the U.S. to more than half by 2023. In fact, we have made great progress on our growth investments so far this year with approximately $650 million already invested primarily in renewables and to increase our ownership in AES Andres. We will continue to allocate our capital in line with our strategy to lead the renewable sector, further anchor AES in the U.S. market and to decarbonize our portfolio. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, our core business continues to perform well. We have attained investment-grade ratings from all 3 major agencies. We are reaffirming our 2022 guidance and annualized growth through 2025. We continue to deliver on our commitments, including our 2022 construction projects, which we expect to commission on time even with the ongoing Department of Commerce investigation into solar panel imports. We are energized by the immense opportunity for growth in our business and remain committed to maintaining our competitive advantage. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: First question on the solar -- the U.S. solar investigation. Good to see that the '22 projects are on time and on schedule. Just for 2023 exposure, could you give a little bit more clarity on the amount of capacity that maybe has been contracted and need to be delivered? And what type of timing delays, if any, that we could expect for next year? And then just related to that, if there are delays to that, that were embedded in your growth for '23, how much flexibility do you have to move around other items to still hit your growth.
Andres Gluski: Let me start with a little background on the commerce case. So this case is an investigation by commerce into allegations of 1 U.S. manufacturer that panels and sells imported from 4 countries in Southeast Asia are circumventing existing antidumping and countervailing duties on solar panels and cells coming from China. So we think there are strong legal grounds for commerce to make a preliminary determination before August that will signal to the market that the allegations are unfounded and will be conclusively dismissed without new tariffs. One of the legal requirements for determining that circumvention occurred is that the activity in Southeast Asian countries must be considered minor or insignificant. However, the solar panel and cell suppliers operating in these countries have invested billions of dollars in technologically sophisticated manufacturing, assembly and processing facilities so that their activities do not appear to be minor or insignificant. Additionally, the critical step of creating solar cells occurs in these countries and not in China and involves the conversion of the wafer into a cell. Commerce itself as previously ruled that this step determines the country of origin for solar imports. For these reasons, we think that there are strong grounds for commerce to make an expedited determination. It's also important to note that there's broad industry opposition to this investigation, including from many U.S. manufacturers because they rely on solar cells from Southeast Asia in order to manufacture solar modules here in the U.S. Currently, the U.S. manufacturing industry can only need about 20% of U.S. demand and their capacity to increase supply is negatively impacted by this investigation. This further supports the decision by commerce to dismiss the circumvention plane underground that a finding of circumvention would not be appropriate due to harmful impacts. So we'll continue to advocate a rapid resolution of this case. Now getting specifically to your question, I think what we were able to do this year shows to our supply chain management strategy. And many of you will recall that for 3 years, I've been arguing that this huge wave of renewable demand was coming and that there were going to be shortages of everything, from developers, to land, to interconnections. And now, we've had, I'd say, an additional issue with this commerce -- before commerce for solar pounds. So we've been not ahead of this. Now what will determine what will happen in '23 to us. And again, I think we're in the best shape of anybody in the industry, will be if there's an early resolution or if there is a determination they take the worst case. There's comes out and they say that there is a convention and there's going to be a tariff of X. Okay. Well, then people can put cash deposits at that point. Now I think this would have a very deleterious effect for the whole solar industry in the U.S. I think we would be in better shape because we're primarily selling to corporates who have more flexibility than people say utilities with RFPs who are much more regulated. So given that, I'd say, look, right now, we don't know. I mean worst case, and we continue to negotiate with our clients, with advances. We're not signing them yet because we're waiting for this final determination. But this is not going to stop us. And in terms of the construction, it depends how the case comes and the sort of shipping backlogs and the rest. It could potentially affect the second half of '23 but we'll have to see. So we're doing everything possible to minimize this. And I think the proof of the pudding is in the eating. I think we're one of the few solar U.S. developers who did not have to postpone or cancel any projects this year.
Insoo Kim: That's good color. And maybe just the second part of my question was just if maybe the -- not the worst case, but a nonconstructive case comes down and the delays are more significant for the whole industry. Just your portfolio of global projects, whether it's wind or storage or whatnot, ARPU diverse, how much flexibility do you have to pull different levers to still achieve that growth?
Andres Gluski: Well, that's a great point. If you think of our backlog of 10.3 gigawatts, only about 1/3 is U.S. solar. So the rest is either international or wind or other technology. So again, I think that what will happen, well, it -- we are at a diverse portfolio. And so we will try to make it up elsewhere. But again, we think that they're very strong ground to this miss case, honestly, it doesn't make a lot of legal sense, honestly. A prior similar case was dismissed because they didn't have let's say, nobody was standing up in front of it. Now you have 1 small U.S. manufacturer. And I think the grounds of this being insignificant or not material, the value-add added in Southeast Asian countries is almost laughable quite frankly. So it is just rent seeking, I think, from a few small U.S. players. What is dramatic is it's had such an effect on the industry. Now again, fortunately, we've been very concerned about shortages for 3 years. And you'll also recall that even with COVID that first appeared in February of 2020, we talked about a potential effects on supply chain. So again, stay tuned. I don't think there's anybody in better shape than us. And as you point out, we are diverse in terms of technologies and also in terms of geographies.
Insoo Kim: Okay. That makes sense. My second question quickly. The Slide 43, the sensitivity slide to different moving commodities or currencies or whatnot, it’s always helpful. Us. Just the update there. I think with stuff like Henry Hub gas prices being almost $8 to $9 right now, just looking at your sensitivity of the year-to-go assumptions. If these commodity prices do remain elevated and with no other changes, it seems like there could be a more meaningful EPS impact for 2022, but that assumes no other changes, whether it’s power prices or whatnot. Can you just walk through at this point with the various commodity price or power price environment? How do you see that net for the balance of the year as it stands today?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, it’s Steve. So just as a reminder, that page, those sensitivities are in isolation. So when you see the gas price sensitivity, it’s not – doesn’t include any corresponding power price increase, which we would actually expect to happen in most cases. So on balance, the environment, we’re really on the net positive side as I said in my comments. In particular, in Bulgaria, we have our wind portfolio there, which has done very well, and I expect we’ll do very well for the rest of this year. It does have some market exposure and with power prices in excess of 200, it’s done very well. And then the other thing I would point to is our LNG business in MCAC. So we have long-term contracted gas that’s been contracted for some time. So in fact, there are some upsides that we’re working – have worked through and we’ll continue to work through to take advantage of some of the high gas price opportunities to benefit our LNG business. So I think there’s upside there as well. Southland has been another upside we see the Q3 hedging program, another success. We expect more success this year was $0.05 of energy margin upside last year. So on balance, we’re actually in quite good shape. Most of our contracts are inflation indexed around the world. I think it’s like 83%. Those that are not are really U.S. renewable contracts where we’ve locked in our cost upfront, and that was baked into the overall cost of the – our pricing in PPA. So really, AES has transformed a lot. And actually, we’re in quite good shape in this environment.
Andres Gluski: I would say, too, we’re on the right side of history on this one. I mean, because where we have fuel, it’s mostly a pass-through. And we’re mostly competing with fossil fuels with either hydro, with renewables. So – and I would say the biggest winner of what’s happened is really Bulgaria because in Bulgaria, we’ve just signed an MOU with the government of Bulgaria where they recognize the validity of the PPA. And they also – we’re working together on decarbonizing the Maritza project, whether it be – we’re looking at different alternatives, whether it carbon capture and sequestration, biofuels or conversion to gas and at the same time, stepping up investments in energy. Again, I really can’t think of any case where this is impacting us negatively.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland: And maybe just wanted to touch on the 2023 solar outlook a little bit more. Could you speak to a little bit more around the risks there beyond just the earnings delays? Is it really just so much as the timing of the earnings come in? Are there any contractual obligations around energy procurement or elsewhere that you need to fulfill with those contracts?
Andres Gluski: Yes. No, I'm not aware of any, quite frankly. I think that I don't think it would be demand destruction. It would be a delay in some cases of commissioning them. But no, we would obviously have -- our contracts would not hold us to having to supply energy if there is a major disruption in the solar panel market. But again, we think that's the -- not the most likely scenario, but if it were to occur, we wouldn't be suffering LDs because of not fulfilling contracts.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Very helpful. And then thinking about the announcements around these recent structured deals, could you speak to a little bit of the capacity, overall appetite there? And then I guess just to be clear on the Amazon front, are those new projects or reflected in the 2021 signings?
Andres Gluski: Yes. First, most of these are reflected in 2021 projects. But what I would say is we're seeing a tremendous demand for our structured project. And we have been talking about this year, we weren't able to release some of the names prior to that until the client was ready. But we can do more projects. I think the real issue is to have the projects in the right market ready. So it's -- stay tuned. More is coming. But I think what we like very much is it shows like a repeat buying. So with microcells, for example, we've done projects in PJM. We did a project in Chile, and now we big clients. So if you think of the large data center clients, we have big contracts with 3 of them. And we're very big. The demand is there. It's a question of how fast we can bring the projects online.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would just add, this customer, Richard, we have the flexibility to pivot to some other markets. We've done Microsoft, we've done Google in Chile. And so the Amazon announcement is what we've been able to announce. This is something I wanted to talk about for some time, but there's more to come. And we've built the pipeline significantly. We're up pipeline, and that's in large part because we're playing forward the demand coming from our commercial industrial customers in aggregating the pipeline where we know that they're going to need us to supply their load.
Andres Gluski: Yes. I think an important point -- a good part of this pipeline is in California, and it's quite ready. And that we started acquiring land and interconnection rights about 3 years ago. We really got a little bit ahead of this wave that we see now. So the demand is there. It's a question of bringing all the projects online. Now realize that these are versions of 24/7 or round the clock renewables. So it's not only a question of having the availability to build new megawatts, it's all guaranteed netted on an hourly basis, renewable energy.
Richard Sunderland: That's very helpful color. And I just wanted to follow up real quick on the sort of contracting backdrop. You talked a little bit about more risk weighted into the U.S. signings, obviously, the DSC overshadowing all of these. So can you give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing in terms of discussions to get it active, but you just point to then start finalizing. Any more information would be helpful there.
Andres Gluski: Yes, right. You can characterize this, right. We are in discussions, and there are more contracts with clients and that I'd say a factor is having some clarity in August, what it would be because you have to make cash deposits and have greater flexibility and speed than, say, regulated clients. So let's see what happens. But again, I think it's just going to be more cars, this would slow us down. And it would basically make renewables in the U.S. more expensive. So if you want onshore manufacturing, what do you need? You need cheap and clean energy. It's a vital factor. And again, we are in the best shape, I think, of anybody in the sector. So its effects will be much greater outside of AES.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would just add, the last year, 80% of the contracts were done in bilateral commercial industrial PPAs, so bilateral negotiations. So the customers that we're working with are very much aware of this issue. We're moving forward with all the details that we can move forward on, and this piece is open, and it's very frustrating, and it's not a good thing. But these are customers that have made very strong and vocal commitments to their decarbonization, and we suspect they're going to want to continue to find the path to get there. And since we're in a bilateral relationship, I think we're going to work through that.
Andres Gluski: And I would add look, we're all in favor of onshoring. But what you need is certainty and you need a time line. So you need to know what tariffs will be applied in what way. And -- but you also have to say how far down the supply chain they're going to go. And the further down the supply chain, you're going to go, the more time you need to move the supply chain. And so for example, right now, most of -- most of the solar panels we're buying from Southeast Asia. Actually, the polysilicon is going to be coming from Germany. So it's not even coming from China. So this is basically rent-seeking by a small number of -- or actually 1 firm in this case. And in significant firm I may add. I don't think it's delivering 1% of the supply in the U.S. So it really is quite agree to the whole situation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore.
Durgesh Chopra: Steve, maybe this one is in sort of your house. I was just going to ask you, as it relates to the 2022 EPS guidance, Steve, can you remind us what are you modeling for Fluence in that -- embedded in that guidance? And then obviously, Fluence had some challenges with COVID-19 as Andrés articulated in his prepared remarks. If that continues throughout the year, what kind of flexibility do you have to kind of make that up in other areas of the business?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So thanks for the question. Look, to Fluence had a difficult their first quarter, which, as I had in my remarks, for their fiscal '22, our fiscal year runs October to September, and we report them on a 1 quarter lag. So what they reported in December is just hitting this quarter that we're now reporting. So we already had anticipated an updated forecast for Fluence when we gave our guidance, and that's largely -- that's about what I can say on it. Unfortunately, Fluence. I can't say much more. My hands are tied here. They're a public company, they'll be releasing earnings next week. But what I can say is I feel very comfortable given that I have the latest expectations for Fluence in our numbers. We've already absorbed their first quarter, and we reported that here.  So look, they've had a lot of issues that they've talked about. I think they're working through those. Some of them are quite temporary in nature, and they've already worked through both shiny new shipping contracts, diversifying their battery supply, they're regionalizing their manufacturing around the world. So I think it's going to take some time as they've said to work through some of these challenges. But we're very confident. The long term is strong. They're -- the entire market has continued to be very strong. The demand is still there. I think they had kind of the perfect storm of some issues coming together here with supply chain batteries, shipping, et cetera. But in our guidance, we have the latest forecast, and it's not it's knocking us off our guidance range.
Andres Gluski: What I would add is that the company is well capitalized and see strong demand. And what you're seeing is increase in battery supply outside of China. So you just saw the announcement by the U.S. government that they would have incentives for battery manufacturer in the U.S. Point has an agreement with North Volt for production of batteries in Poland. So I think what you're going to see is the main constraint, which has been access to batteries will start to be addressed. Now it's not going to be immediate, but by next year, you start seeing more capacity come online.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's very comprehensive. In terms of just going back to the backlog of additions, right? I mean you started the year strong, roughly over 1 gig versus the 4.5 to 5.5 gig target. Sounds like you're confident that you're going to hit that in 2022, but as we think about '23 in light of the solar investigation, in light of the commentary around potential delays. Do you go back? Like, I mean what's -- so the current plan, I think the long term, the 7% to 9% EPS growth is predicated on, correct me if I'm wrong, 3 to 4 gigawatts a year. Is that sort of -- do you expect to sort of hit that in 2023, maybe the low end? Or what's the thinking there as we think about 2023 this year?
Andres Gluski: So you're talking about signing new PPAs? Are you talking about commissioning of projects?
Durgesh Chopra: The new PPAs, Andrés, the target.
Andres Gluski: The PPAs. Okay. Look, in the first quarter, we did 1.1 gigawatts. So we are on target for our 4.5 to 5.5 gigawatts for the year. As I mentioned, due to this Commerce case, some of the signing of PPAs in solar in the U.S. will be more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year because people will wait until this resolution and come to a conclusion. Do I think that this will knock us off our growth trajectory? No? The answer is no. And because -- if anything, it might move things around from 1 quarter to the next. But we're seeing very strong demand for our products. And this will -- the RE100, for example, they're not going to render their sustainability goals. So they're going to go forward with this. So I think that -- I feel confident of it. Kind of cause some delays in signing of PPAs. Yes, we're saying that. But I think that we'll have a catch-up. So it might make things a little bit lumpier than they would be otherwise, which is not ideal. But that's the hand we've been built.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. It sounds like the long-term trajectory intact; you may have some lumpiness in the near term. But you feel confident long term in hitting all of our targets?
Andres Gluski: Exactly, exactly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So I want to sort of quantify things a little bit more if we can. Obviously, we talked about these commodity sensitivities a little bit earlier. Can we talk about the longer-dated commodity sensitivities and trying to quantify it based on what's implied in your slides? And it looks as if -- again, these commodities are flying around, but it could be north of $0.10 positive versus what you guys -- your last guidance. I mean, is that directionally, correct? I mean can you try to quantify that a little bit in the affirm it? And then related to the extent to which that is true directionally, what does that mean in terms of your appetite to potentially expedite the exit from Bulgaria, for instance. I just want to try to get at that a little bit more and/or absorb some of these other impacts, be it solar or affluent and still be within your range or higher within your range.
Steve Coughlin: Sure. Julien. So you're right. I mean, and you're looking through the page on the commodities and seeing that there's actually upside here, as I described. So Bulgaria, where the power prices are high, we're really seeing significant upside there, both in the near term as well as in the value of the Maritza plant, which is under contract, but that PPA is well in the money for the government of the people in Bulgaria, plus we have the upside in the wind plant. In our LNG business, in our gas businesses in Central America and the Caribbean, we have long-term gas contracts that have been set well before this commodities environment. So we have some flexibility in how we manage our cargoes, we have customers or plants that have dual fuel capability. And so we're able to perhaps work in swapping to liquid fuels and redirecting cargoes into Europe, for example, with our partners. So this is a really important part of our portfolio, one that we don't tend to talk a lot about, but it is in this environment, important diversification of our portfolio. So we see both with power prices as well as the upside in our position in natural gas, given our long-term contracts. But yes, directionally, you are correct. I wouldn't venture to say whether it's $0.10 or exactly at this point. But some of that relies on discrete transactions that we will do and have done and will do to take advantage of that upside in LNG.
Andres Gluski: Yes. And talking about Bulgaria, what I would say is, look, -- in the past, the PPA had been questioned before the sort of anticompetitive -- say, legal state really was the case before the European Commission. So what we're seeing is that -- to some extent, we're getting past that. This is a confirmation of the PPA. So it's a very attractive asset. Maritza is a very attractive asset through the end of its contract period and beyond, it's actually doing what -- the reason it was built was to make Bulgaria independent of Russian gas. That's why it was built and it uses local coal. So it's not affected by international prices. So it's very much in the money for our clients. So the asset is much more valuable today than it was, say, 6 months ago. And we've also agreed to help the Bulgarian government look at energy storage and other alternatives to wean, say, Maritza away from just running on coal. So stay tuned to that. But I'd say this has been the big winner from this horrible situation in Europe.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Fair enough. And then I just want to try to quantify versus some of the qualitative comments earlier around the AD CVD risk on '23. I just -- again, it sounds as if specifically, you're reaffirming the origination ranges going into next year, your confidence is there. Is there any -- I mean, when you try to quantify any of these risks, any way to do so around solar here? Just any quantum of origination risk? Any quantum of impact and higher costs, et cetera. I just want to make sure we're crystal clear on this all.
Andres Gluski: Yes. Look, what I would say is the following. Look, we are continuing to negotiate with our clients. This has pushed off the final signing of a number of additional PPAs because there's uncertainty about the tariff. So that's sort of the remaining item to complete these PPAs. Now its effect will depend on -- will August provide enough clarity and it should. You should have an indication of how much the tariff would be, how much you would have to put in sort of cash deposits, even though it might be finalized later. But typically, those move up and down that drastically. So we think we could work with that. However, I mean, the issue -- to me, the biggest issue is whether the suppliers continue to run these factories in Southeast Asia. Do you have a decrease in global supply of solar panels. So that's a little bit more of the issue. So there are a lot of things there. But rest assured that we're doing everything possible and using our sort of global footprint to try to be able to give certainty to some of the suppliers that they will be able to continue to be running. So stay tuned, but we hope that by August or actually sooner because the case is so weak, it should be dismissed, and it's amazing that it's gotten this far. But if there's there should be some clarity or has to be some clarity by August, and then we'll let you know, and we'll continue to work with all the suppliers to ensure that we get those panels to the states on time to complete 2023 projects.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Fair enough. And then just the last one [indiscernible]. Fluence, obviously, it's a trailing impact, et cetera, the lockup expired of late. It seems it's still strategic to you from an origination perspective and your sales efforts, right, regardless of the results?
Andres Gluski: Yes, I'm optimistic about Fluence in the long run or it will say medium term because these -- it's very difficult to launch a new product when you get hit by COVID shutdowns in China. There were -- some of the battery suppliers had issues, let's face it. And that caused a shortage in the market as well. So there were tremendous shipping issues that they had to face. But look, it's a well-capitalized firm. The product is good. Digital is expanding well. They'll talk about these things. And for us, it has helped us really create a market for energy storage, solar plus energy storage. Our 24/7 relies on energy storage. If a version of the climate plus bill gets passed, and there's clarity around green hydrogen that will require a lot of energy story. So yes, it is a strategic relationship. And we hope to grow together for years to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from Agnieszka Storozynski with Seaport.
Agnieszka Storozynski: So my first question is about the time line of your coal plant retirements. We seem to be in this new gas price environment, basically everywhere in the world. We haven't yet heard many companies change the time line, but there is money to be made on continued operations of some of these assets. So that's one. And then the second question, a little bit more longer dated, I guess, is that so far, when you see the reasons why C&I customers signed renewable power PPAs, they mentioned decarbonization as the main driver. We haven't yet heard much about economic renewables, and it's probably the inflation and equipment prices doesn't help. But are you expecting the second wave of demand from C&I customers as we are in this higher power price environment probably for years to come?
Andres Gluski: Yes, those are great questions. Look, first on the first one, we have to reach our goal by 2025. So it's a question of trying to sell these assets or shut them down at times that are most appropriate. So the shutdowns, it's talking a lot with the local system operator or the Ministry of Energy. So those I don't see being affected by what's happening now. On top of the sales, you're right, many of these plants are more valuable in certain locations, again, Maritza being the prime example. And some of these shutdowns may be somewhat delayed because they must run in terms of availability of natural gas. But it doesn't change our goal of getting rid of all coal plants by 2025. The second question is I'm really glad you asked it because the companies are committed to their decarbonization goals. They're not just going to abandon them because of the case before commerce or because of slightly higher prices of let's say, everything from wind turbines or solar panels to batteries due to what's happening on the mineral side, commodity side. But what people aren't talking about is that the increase in cost of renewables is much, much less than the increase in the price of fossil fuels, all of them, whether it be coal, gas or diesel. So actually, renewables are more competitive today than ever. And in almost all cases, I can say that the energy from renewables is the cheapest energy. It's just a matter of degree, how much cheaper is it even with the increase in the cost of construction. So I'd say that the main issue is not energy, it's capacity. How to keep the lights on 24/7. And you really have 2 choices. One is to continue to run your legacy assets, whether they be gas or coal and combine it with renewables. That's what we did in Chile, the sort of Green integra or Green blend and extend or energy start. And as people go, let's say, further on this journey of decarbonization, that's why there's going to be such strong demand for energy storage, lithium ion-based energy storage. So really, to me, it's a question of supply. Can you get enough batteries to meet this? And the more batteries that become available, then you'll be able to retire fossil plants sooner. So that's, I'd say, the main thing. So you're right. But on the cost equation, renewables are more competitive than ever than before this crisis.
Agnieszka Storozynski: Yes, because it is pretty amazing to see that large commercial industrial customers are comfortable locking in, for example, in PJM power prices as far as high as $50 in 2026, 2027 when they could purchase renewables for like 45%, 46%. I mean that is just one thing that I don't fully grasp and I'm hopeful that, that just means that there is no growth to come for you guys.
Andres Gluski: There is going to be more growth. I mean, maybe in some of these cases, it's just that -- do they have confidence the projects are there because it's -- can you deliver those projects. And in this sector, there have been a lot of projects delayed or canceled, not by us due to different kinds of supply shortages. So that might be it. It might be that they're going for certainty. So what we feel differentiates us, and we're very conscious of is that we have been delivering on our projects.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS.
Gregg Orrill: I was wondering if you could comment on what got Moody's to investment grade. Anything you wanted to highlight there?
Andres Gluski: Look, this has been -- I'll pass this over to Steve because he did most of the work. But what I would just add, this has been a decade. So if you look at any of our statistics in terms of our exposure to commodities, if you look at the fact that we're almost, what, 88%, I think, in dollars, 85% contracted I guess, almost 90% hedged. I mean, all the indicators are very strong. So our cash flow has been really strong for a long time, but I'll pass it off to Steve.
Steve Coughlin: Thanks, Andrés, and thanks for the question, Gregg. I was hoping someone would bring you up. We're very proud of the Moody's achievement. So look, this is the third of of 3. And so it really fully solidifies our investment-grade status as AES, something that the team set out to do a long time ago. I can't -- I've only been in my job for 6 months, so I can't really claim too much credit for it. So it really goes to that John and the team. And so look, Moody's takes a different approach where they're looking at our consolidated debt, including all the nonrecourse debt and all the cash flow from our businesses, our subs. So they really did a very deep review and they looked at also the overall risk profile of our businesses. So our commercial structure, our long-term contracts, dollar-denominated, our growth in our utilities -- and so it's been a combination of the strengthening of the balance sheet, the increases in our cash flow and that business mix, so -- and we've actually been in Moody's territory for 4 quarters straight -- well into Moody's territory. So this was becoming really, really obvious that it was something that AES deserved, and we're very proud of it and look at -- we felt really good about our transformation. And I think this is just another validation point of that transformation. As I said, they did a really thorough review.
Andres Gluski: Yes. And I would highlight what Steve said that Moody's methodology is different. So it takes into account not only the nonrecourse debt, but the recourse debt. So in our case, it's about I guess, $3.5 billion of recourse?
Steve Coughlin: Yes, yes.
Andres Gluski: $14.3 million of nonrecourse.
Steve Coughlin: Yes, exactly. Yes. I mean I think I said on request the recourse debt that's different here. They really look deeply into the whole organization.
Andres Gluski: So this tells you that all our subs that they have confidence in the cash flow coming from ourselves and most of our subs are investment-grade rating. So it's a great confirmation. It was a decade in the making, but the team did a fantastic job in the last year to get this across the finish line.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And the other thing I would just point out is I think it's a bright line for some investors. So having this third one, having 3 all locked in. I think we'll likely see some new investors be attracted to the company now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: Given your favorable view of the DOC outcome and balance sheet strength, are you looking to be more acquisitive and new in development, third-party solar projects in solar?
Andres Gluski: Look, what we are seeing is that clients are coming to us and asking us, can we do projects that other people have walked away from, quite frankly. So that -- now what we're mostly interested in the states, these 24/7. So really, it has to do -- does it fit into where we're trying to combine assets to be able to deliver 24/7. But it does open up some opportunities. So I think, again, on the Department of Commerce case, we just feel that the legal case of the length of here is very, very weak. And we think that -- furthermore, if you look at the objectives of decarbonization of onshoring, this actually moves us in the wrong direction. So yes, what I would put it is that we continue to see opportunities to acquire some projects if they help us meet our clients' demands.
Ryan Levine: I appreciate the color. And then I guess one follow-up from earlier. Are you going to break out the Bulgarian win contribution for the quarter?
Steve Coughlin: We did not break that out for the quarter, probably best as we talk about the full year. But it -- we expect it will be a few cents for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Peters with Wolfe Research.
David Peters: Just curious, Andrés, I think in your prepared remarks, you said you expect backlog addition this year to be roughly 50-50 U.S. and international. Is that the mix you guys expected heading into this year? Or are you leveraging your geographic diversity, some given the uncertainty here in the U.S. in the near term? And should we maybe think of that as a lever you can sort of pull in '23 to the extent there are delays with U.S. projects?
Andres Gluski: Well, I mean, for '23, these will be projects that are already signed in terms of commissioning. Now in terms of signings, yes, obviously, we can -- we have a diverse portfolio, and we can adjust correspondingly. So I don't think it would affect 2023 per se. Now the sort of 50-50 mix, again, that's sort of legacy. And Again, what we hope, again, with the resolution.
Steve Coughlin: Of this case is that the proportion of U.S. would increase. Yes. And I would just add, it's also coming from our utility rate base growth, so 9% rate base growth in utilities is helping achieve that. And then a lot of what we're doing -- well, really, almost everything we're doing even internationally is in a similar strategy with commercial industrial customers, some of them the same customers in the U.S. powering data centers in our core markets overseas. So we'd expect to have a similar if it's a different flag, but it would still be a long-term contract, and in many cases, U.S. dollar-denominated contracts.
Andres Gluski: That's a very important point. I mean what we're really emphasizing abroad is long-term renewable contracts in dollars. So if you're supplying, say, Microsoft in Chile, it really isn't a different risk from Microsoft in California. So again, our business is already over 80% in dollars, and that will only grow.
David Peters: And then just last one. In California, just in light of solar delays this year and next and maybe storage that's attached that, too. Potentially have an extension of the Ablecon being discussed. I'm just curious your guys' most recent thoughts on the likelihood of your OTC units itself and is getting extended at the end of '23.
Steve Coughlin: Without jinxing ourselves very, we think it's very likely. So these -- the environment there is not such that they want to do long-term extensions all at once, but we've extended through 2023. And we have -- it's an upside to our guidance, but we do think there's a very good chance that those plants will get extended into several years following. So it may be year by year, maybe 2 years at a time. But we think that portfolio is very important, some of the disruption. This is a bit of an offset to some of the current disruption in the solar supply chain. And that comes both from a capacity revenue perspective as well as the opportunity for the Q3 peak demand energy hedging that we've done. So it's quite -- it can be quite material.
Operator: That concludes today's Q&A portion of the call. I will now pass the conference back over to Susan Harcourt for any closing remarks.
Susan Harcourt: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: That concludes today's AES first quarter 2022 financial review conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to today's AES Corporation Q4 2021 Financial Review. My name is Bailey, and I will be the moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Global Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Ahmed, please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres. Andres?
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial review call. Today, I will cover our full year results and discuss our strategy and areas of focus for this year. Before discussing our 2021 results and future plans, I want to state that we do not see any significant impact on our portfolio from the outbreak of hostility in the Ukraine. Nonetheless, our thoughts and prayers go out to the Ukrainian people and government, and we hope for a speedy return to peace. Now turning our focus back to our business. Today marks an important and exciting milestone for AES with the announcement of our intention to fully exit coal by year-end 2025. This accelerated goal is a result of our success in growing our renewables portfolio. And our backlog gives us the confidence to take this step. As a leader in the global energy transition, we are committed to the goals of the Paris Agreement in achieving a net-zero economy. We will work with our stakeholders to ensure a smooth transition while meeting our regulatory obligations. Our exit from coal will be modestly dilutive, but we feel comfortable with our growth trajectory. And accordingly, we are reaffirming our annualized growth target of 7% to 9% in earnings and cash flow through 2025. Now moving on to our 2021 results and accomplishments. First, I am pleased to report our financial results, including adjusted earnings per share of $1.52, which was in line with our expectations. Our 2021 parent free cash flow of $839 million exceeded our expected range of $775 million to $825 million. Second, we signed contracts for 5 gigawatts of new renewable projects, significantly above our target of 3 to 4 gigawatts that we set last year. In fact, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance, AES signed more renewable deals with corporate customers in 2021 than anyone else in the world. Included in these deals were two groundbreaking arrangements to provide renewable energy on an hour-by-hour basis, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week signed with Google and Microsoft. Third, Fluence successfully completed their IPO in November and have no foreseeable need for external funding to achieve their strategic and financial objectives. Furthermore, Fluence has made progress towards mitigating the supply chain challenges they have faced, which I shall discuss shortly. Finally, safety is our most important value. I am very proud to report that our safety performance in 2021 was the best in our 40-year history, with no major incidents recorded among roughly 25,000 AES people, contractors and construction workers. Today, I will be discussing two things: first, executing today; and second, investing for the future. Beginning with executing today on Slide 4. Even as we are transitioning to a carbon-free future, we are laser-focused on delivering on our commitments. Our business model has proven itself to be resilient and enables us to deliver predictable results. For example, 85% of our adjusted PTC is from long-term contracted generation and utilities and 88% is in U.S. dollars, with the remaining 12% split between euros and various Latin American currencies. Similarly, we're largely insulated from macroeconomic headwinds, such as rising inflation and interest rates. As shown on Slide 5, 83% of our revenue is from businesses that have indexation clauses or are hedged to limit the impact from inflation. At the same time, almost 90% of our interest rate exposure is fixed or hedged, protecting us from the impact of rising interest rates. Next, turning to Slide 6. In January, we completed a tender to acquire the publicly-traded shares of AES Andes, bringing our ownership from 67% to 99% today. This was motivated by our conviction in the underlying strength of the business, which is highly contracted, predominantly in U.S. dollars and transitioning to low-carbon generation. This transaction is immediately earnings and cash flow accretive. Moving to Slide 7. We now have a backlog of 9.2 gigawatts, including the 5 gigawatts we signed in 2021. About 3/4 of the 5 gigawatts is in the U.S., with the vast majority signed with C&I customers and to grow the rate base at our AES Indiana utility. We have secured supply arrangements for the bulk of our current backlog. In 2021, we successfully added 2.1 gigawatts to our portfolio without any material delays or cost overrun. This execution demonstrates the robust nature of our supply chain and the strength of our relationships with our suppliers. For example, we secured Samsung battery for many of our new energy storage facilities to alleviate some of the supply chain challenges faced by Fluence. Being able to switch to different battery suppliers shows the inherent flexibility of their Gen 6 product. As we look towards our 2.3 gigawatts of new projects coming online in 2022, two-third of which is in the U.S., we do not expect any significant delays or supply chain disruptions. We remain confident in our ability to complete our projects under construction on time and on budget. Moving to our second theme, investing for the future on Slide 8. Our actions today ensure that we will be able to take full advantage of the unprecedented transformation of our sector. One clear example is the 5 gigawatts of new PPAs that we signed last year, an increase of 65% from 2020. For full year '22, we expect to sign 4.5 to 5.5 gigawatts of new renewables under long-term contracts. We are seeing strong demand for renewables. And so far this year, we have already signed more than 600 megawatts of new contracts. We expect our portfolio of operating renewable assets to more than double from approximately 13 gigawatts to 26 gigawatts by 2026. Despite any current headwinds for our sector, such as delays in legislation and supply chain issues, we see very strong demand for low-carbon energy, especially for tailored products, such as our 24/7 renewable offering. That is why we have been investing in growing our pipeline of future projects to ensure that we're able to meet our customers' growing demand for AES services. As you can see on Slide 9, we now have a development pipeline of 59 gigawatts, which we believe is the second largest among U.S. renewable developers. Our pipeline includes almost 10 gigawatts in the U.S. that are ready to bid. This robust pipeline provides us with the projects we need to deliver on our backlog and to continue to build on our competitive position in the U.S. As a result, we're accelerating our goal of increasing the proportion of earnings coming from our U.S. businesses to 50% by two years from 2025 to 2023. We are also investing for the future by growing the rate base at our U.S. utilities by 9% annually, while delivering safe, reliable and affordable services to our customers. As you can see on Slide 10, AES Indiana is executing on the approved plan to retire two coal units, which we will replace with nearly 500 megawatts of new renewable generation. We have already started our next integrated resource plan process, which could include additional retirement or fuel conversions for the remaining 1 gigawatt of coal generation. At AES Ohio, we're executing on our smart grid and transmission investment programs approved in 2021. AES Ohio is also in the midst of a distribution rate case and recently completed the hearing. AES Ohio's base distribution rates have been the lowest in the state for the past five years. In fact, as of the end of 2021, AES Ohio's rates were 16% lower than the next lowest utility in the state and even with the requested rate increase, would remain the lowest. Turning to Slide 11. Another way we're investing for the future is by developing and incubating new products and businesses' platforms through AES Next. Our investment in AES Next help our core businesses be more innovative and competitive and drive value for our customers and shareholders. Turning to Slide 12. The most mature initiative under AES Next today is Fluence, the leading energy storage technology company. In 2021, Fluence completed their IPO with $1 billion in capital raised to invest in developing their products and supply chain as well as their digital platform. As of December 31, Fluence had 4.2 gigawatts of energy storage products deployed and contracted and a signed backlog of $1.9 billion. Additionally, Fluence's digital platform, Fluence IQ, now has 6 gigawatts contracted, of which more than 80% is with third-party customers. Over the past several months, Fluence has been dealing with short-term challenges stemming from COVID-19-related supply chain issues. Their management team has taken proactive actions to address these challenges, including diversifying battery suppliers, signing and shipping agreements and building out their in-house supply chain team. Overall, demand for energy storage remains robust, and Fluence is well positioned as a market leader. We see significant opportunity for them to continue to grow and remain confident that they will execute on their long-term plan, which will deliver value to their shareholders. AES Next is also working to develop and incubate other technologies that help accelerate the deployment of renewables, as shown on Slide 13. One example is our investment in 5B, which has a prefabricated solar solution called MAVERICK, that is hurricane wind-resistant and allows projects to be built in 1/3 of the time and on 1/2 as much land. This innovative product is currently being rolled out in Australia, Chile, the Dominican Republic, India, Panama and the U.S. Turning to Slide 14. We're one of a small number of company in our sector with targets that are fully aligned with the Paris Agreement according to the Transition Pathway Initiative. We already have a goal to have net-zero emissions from electricity by 2040. And as I mentioned earlier, we're excited to announce our intent to exit coal completely by the end of 2025, subject to receiving necessary approvals. We expect to achieve this objective through a combination of retirement, fuel conversions and asset sales. In summary, we have consolidated our position as a leader of innovation in the industry and accelerated the decarbonization of our portfolio, while delivering attractive returns to our shareholders. With that, I now turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will cover the following key topics: our financial performance during 2021, our parent capital allocation and our 2022 guidance and expectations through 2025. As Andres mentioned, our results for 2021 show our continued progress in leading the energy transition, while achieving our financial goals. We delivered strong financial results even while absorbing the previously discussed impact from the share count adjustment related to the equity units issued last year. Overall, the strong growth of our core energy business, which includes generation and utilities, gives us confidence that we will continue to achieve our earnings and cash flow target. Turning to Slide 16. Full year 2021 adjusted EPS was $1.52, $0.08 higher than 2020. 2020 adjusted EPS of $1.44 included $0.03 of dilution from AES Next, implying that our core business generated adjusted EPS of $1.47. In 2021, our core business grew by $0.21 to $1.68, primarily as a result of higher contributions from new renewables businesses, improved operations at both U.S. generation and MCAC and lower parent interest. Our 2021 results of $1.52 include the $0.07 impact due to a higher share count as a result of the accounting adjustment for the equity unit and the dilution from AES Next where we are investing in expanding our high-growth technology businesses. The impact from ASX Next was $0.03 higher than our prior expectation due to the nonrecurring COVID-related supply chain issues at Fluence. Going forward, we plan to manage the AES Next portfolio such that these businesses will yield a neutral to positive contribution to AES' earnings by 2024. Turning to Slide 17. Adjusted pretax contribution or PTC was $1.4 billion for the year, an increase of $171 million and 14% growth over 2020. I'll cover our results in more detail over the next 4 slides, beginning with the U.S. and Utilities SBU on Slide 18. Our increased investments in the U.S. show PTC growth of $155 million, a 31% increase over 2020. As of year-end 2021, the U.S. represented 41% of our adjusted PTC, up from 34% in 2020. About half of this growth was driven by new businesses at AES Clean Energy that came online in 2021. And the rest of the increase was from our legacy Southland units, which remained a key contributor to the stability of the California grid during the peak summer season and delivered solid growth from increased dispatch and attractive market prices. We continue to see the potential for some of our legacy Southland units to support the energy transition in California for several years to come. Lower PTC at our South America SBU was primarily driven by regulatory adjustments and recovery of expenses from customers that were recorded in 2020. Hydrology was not a major driver as we benefited from the increased diversity of our generation portfolio and favorable hydrological conditions in Colombia offset drier conditions in Brazil. Higher PTC at our MCAC SBU reflects higher LNG sales in both Panama and the Dominican Republic as we benefited from higher contract levels at our LNG terminals. We now have roughly 80% of our LNG capacity contracted, leaving approximately $20 million to $30 million of potential annual upside to our longer-term expectations. Finally, in Eurasia, higher PTC was primarily driven by higher contributions from Bulgaria due to improved operating performance at Maritza and increased revenue at our wind farm, which benefited from favorable market prices. Now let's turn to review of how we allocated our capital in 2021 on Slide 22. Beginning on the left-hand side, sources reflect $2.3 billion of total discretionary cash. And I'm pleased to report that this includes parent free cash flow of $839 million, which exceeded the top end of our guidance expectations. The remaining sources are largely in line with our prior disclosures except the $295 million in temporary drawings under our revolver, which we utilized to fund our accelerating growth in clean energy. Moving to the uses on the right-hand side. We allocated $450 million of our discretionary cash to our dividend. We invested nearly $1.8 billion in our subsidiaries, of which approximately two-third was in the U.S. As Andres mentioned, we expect the relative share of our allocation for the U.S. to continue to grow. And I'm glad to report that we now expect to reach our goal of 50% of our earnings coming from the U.S. in 2023, two years earlier than our previous target in 2025. Now turning to our credit profile on Slide 23. As a result of the successful execution of our strategy over the last few years, our balance sheet continues to be in a much stronger position. We significantly reduced debt while growing our parent free cash flow. At the end of 2021, our parent free cash flow to net debt ratio was approximately 23%, which is well above the 20% threshold required for an investment-grade rating. We expect this ratio to continue to improve over time putting us in BBB territory by 2025. We are in active discussions with Moody's and remain optimistic that we will be upgraded this year. Turning to our guidance and expectations beginning on Slide 24. We are reaffirming our annualized growth target of 7% to 9% in both adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow through 2025 off a base year of 2020. Today, we are initiating guidance for 2022 adjusted EPS of $1.55 to $1.65. Key drivers of our expected growth include the approximate $0.09 benefit from our higher ownership of AES Andes, which we increased to 99%, as Andres mentioned earlier. This transaction is immediately significantly accretive on both an earnings and cash flow basis. And with a simplified shareholder base, AES Andes will be able to more efficiently execute on its substantial renewables pipeline. Our adjusted - our 2022 adjusted EPS will also benefit from continued growth in renewables and higher contributions from existing operations, adding $0.10. This growth is expected to be partially offset by $0.11 of impacts from the higher adjusted tax rate, a full year of a higher share count due to the accounting adjustment for the equity units issued in 2021 and assumed dilution from planned asset sales. Our target for this year has increased to reflect our efforts to further decarbonize and fully exit coal by the end of 2025. I would also note that we previously expected the pending distribution rate case at DPL to be resolved earlier in the year. However, we now expect resolution later this year and, therefore, have assumed only a small contribution in 2022. Turning to Slide 25. Parent free cash flow for 2022 is expected to be $860 million to $910 million, in line with our annualized growth target of 7% to 9%. Now turning to our 2022 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 26. Beginning with approximately $1.5 billion of sources on the left-hand side, in addition to parent free cash flow, we expect to generate $500 million to $700 million in asset sale proceeds. Roughly half of this is from already announced sales in Vietnam and Jordan, and the remaining portion is expected to come from additional asset sales that have not yet been announced. Recycling of capital is an integral part of our capital allocation framework. And as we have done in the past, we will deploy asset sale proceeds to achieve our strategic objectives and maximize shareholder value. Now to the uses on the right-hand side. We expect to allocate $494 million to our shareholder dividend, which reflects our announced 5% increase. We are also projecting investments of roughly $1 billion in our subsidiaries for growth, of which about 3/4 will be allocated to the U.S. to renewables and utilities. Finally, turning to our 4-year capital allocation plan through 2025 beginning on Slide 27. Our financial strategy is centered around maintaining a strong investment-grade rated balance sheet, while investing in our growth to achieve our strategic and financial objectives. Our total growth investments for 2022 through 2025 have increased to $3.8 billion. We expect to continue to increase our dividend 4% to 6% annually, in line with our prior guidance. As you can see on Slide 28, we plan to fund this $6 billion with 60% parent free cash flow and the remaining 40% will be from asset sale proceeds and future parent debt issuances. Relative to our prior plan, you may notice that we have increased asset sale proceeds by $500 million and future parent debt by $300 million, which will be utilized to fund our future growth and repay drawings on our revolver that funded the higher growth from 2021. In summary, we accelerated AES growth in 2021 and executed on our financial and strategic commitments. Going forward, we will continue to deliver on our strategy, including executing on asset sales to decarbonize and exit coal, maintaining the strength of our balance sheet and allocating capital to maximize per share value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. As you can see, we're not only delivering on our commitments, but accelerating our transformation. Our near-term actions will enable us to achieve our three goals for creating additional shareholder value: first, attaining an investment-grade rating from Moody's in 2022; second, increasing the proportion of earnings from the U.S. to 50% by 2023; and third, exiting coal generation by the end of 2025. With that, I'd like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] So our first question today comes from Angie Storozynski from Seaport. Angie, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Angie Storozynski: So my first question, and I see your disclosures on sensitivities, but I'm just wondering if you could describe the impact of the higher power price environment that we're seeing pretty much everywhere in the world on your both existing assets and growth prospects. I mean any sort of increased economic dispatch and how - and the appeal of renewables and how those are embedded in your '22 guidance and long-term growth.
Andres Gluski: Angie, thank you. Basically, as you know, we're highly contracted. But what we're seeing in terms of higher prices for oil-based generation in many of our markets that favors us because we're much more hydro renewables and even coal. In places like where we have a big plant in Europe and Bulgaria, our plant is now very much cheaper than the other generations in the country. So we're seeing improved prospects for a lot of our generation because we are not a big generator using international price gas. Most of our gas units are running on Henry Hub or almost all. So we're basically competing against those very high prices. So even though we're highly contracted, there's always some margin, so that's positive. It's also positive on the renewable front and on the innovative front because I think people are seeing that renewables in an environment where gas prices can be more volatile is favorable. So in the net-net, overall, it's positive for us in the short run and certainly even more so in the long run because, as I said, we're highly contracted.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Just one follow-up. How about the LNG business? Is there any near-term or longer-term impact?
Andres Gluski: Well, we're contracted now in Panama and the Dominican Republic. Basically, it had Henry Hub, Henry Hub plus, of course. So it's favorable to us in that prospect. Now when those contracts burn off in a couple of years, then we have to see when the recontracting levels will be. And hopefully, there will be more supply of gas at that point in time.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And just one other question. So you show the impact - the drag on earnings from asset sales. If you could comment a little bit, does that include any of those accelerated coal plant shutdowns or sales? Again, I'm just trying to reconcile the earnings impact with the transactions already announced.
Andres Gluski: Go, Steve.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Angie, this is Steve. So yes, I mean, we are - consistent with the announcement to exit coal, we are increasing our total asset sale plan to $1 billion and then have increased the sales target this year to $500 million to $700 million. So yes, it does reflect in part the announcement that we made today. We had prior announcements in the past about Vietnam and Jordan. So that's a portion of it. But the additional portion reflects the updated strategy to accelerate our exit.
Andres Gluski: Just to be clear, it's fully reflected. So some of it has been included in the past. It reflects 100% of the additional.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And my last question on Ohio, a delay in resolution of your rate case. Is there - I mean, is there something that we should be concerned about? Or is this just that the process takes longer?
Ahmed Pasha: Sure. Angie, this is Ahmed. I think no, I don't think there's - it's a process because previously, we were hoping to settle. And now we are going through - because we could not reach this settlement, although the staff had recommended a reasonable increase in response to our request. And one of the intervenors OCC subsequently argued that the rate freeze should remain intact. And now we are going through the litigation process. But we think our request is fair. And is driven by the costs which are out of our control. And frankly, primarily to deliver the more reliable and economic power to our customers. So we think we will get through this by mid this year with the approval from the commission. So net-net, our rates are the lowest in the state and will remain lowest with this requested increase. So we feel pretty good that commission will approve our request by mid- to late '22.
Andres Gluski: So in summary, it's just a timing issue.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. It's the timing. And in fact, the PUCO staff did support an increase as part of the process already.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes, they did recommend.
Operator: The next question today comes from Rich Sunderland from JPMorgan. Rich, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
RichSunderland: Maybe starting on 2022 guidance. Could you walk from the outlook a year ago at the Investor Day to now in terms of AES Next, the rate case and other factors separate from the equity units issue you called out in terms of changes from the 7% to 9% growth rate versus the growth embedded in the current guidance?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Sure. This is Steve. So really, the two primary drivers - well, a couple. So our growth is faster. So we've accelerated our renewables growth. Now that's been offset by the additional share count, of course, which we talked about last year. Now again, we took advantage of the value opportunity with Andes. So we've largely offset the share price - share count dilution with our acquisition of the additional shares in Andes. So really, what's been changed on a net basis is more on the asset sale program, which we just talked about and how we are accelerating our decarbonization and our exit of coal. And then the other real driver is the - is what we also just talked about, which is the DPL rates, which we previously assumed would be in effect early this year and now are assuming late this year. So those are really the two primary drivers. And then there is an uptick in the tax rate from the past. At this point, we're guiding to 26% to 28% on the tax rate. So that's a piece of the story as well.
RichSunderland: Understood. So then just kind of walking forward in terms of regaining the 7% to 9% trajectory in the second half of the plan, I guess you called out the rate cases and timing factor. Could you just speak a little bit more to how you see the growth coming to kind of regain the 7% to 9% earnings trajectory?
Andres Gluski: Sure. This is Andres. I'll give a sort of high level. Look, we have a backlog of 9.2 gigawatts of projects. This year, we'll be commissioning 2.3 gigawatts. So obviously, in a steady state, these two have to be about equal. And so what you're going to have is a real pickup in commissionings '23, '24 going forward. So we feel very confident about that because those are already signed projects. We already have the sites, and it's a question of executing on building them. The other one is that we expect AES Next, as Steve mentioned, is going to be neutral to positive by 2024. So that's a driver as well. So the drivers are our growth, which is part of our backlog, what we're talking about. And then we're also talking about the other things you mentioned, DPL rate case in IPL. Again, when we build all the wind and rate base that as well, you have the smart grid and DPL. So our growth projections are based on things that we have in the bag.
RichSunderland: Understood. And just one more for me. The unannounced asset sales, the incremental portion versus the prior plan, is that solely related to the coal exit? Or is there anything else you're looking at maybe LNG or elsewhere?
Andres Gluski: Look, we tend not to talk about exact assets that we're going to sell. As you know, we've been always turning capital. We've made a major transformation of our portfolio. I can think back, we peaked at probably 22,000 megawatts of coal. We're down to 7. We have basically sales for three of those, so we're down to 4. So yes, part of it is selling those coal assets, but also the continual churn that we have. So it might include other assets. We don't like to comment on them. But we will be hitting our 50% U.S., 50% renewables on an accelerated basis. And those sales help us achieve those goals.
Operator: The next question today comes from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Insoo, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Insoo Kim: My first question, going back to that 9.2 gigawatts of backlog, it seems unchanged from the amount you've set out in the third quarter earnings. Just wondering if there's any read-through in the current inflationary environment, at least just for this year with any resistance or unwillingness for additional contracts to be signed for now.
Andres Gluski: That's a good question. No, we're not seeing that at all. We're seeing strong demand. I mean, of course, if the backlog remains constant. Yes, we commissioned quite a lot of projects between the third quarter and now. So already this year, we have 600 megawatts of new PPAs signed in the - under AES Clean Energy. We're seeing strong demand, especially for our tailored projects. So no, I don't think there's - what we're seeing in the market is, again, especially for differentiated products, there's a lot of demand. It's a matter of being able to have all the projects, let's say, in pipeline to be able to meet that demand, meet the structured product that they want. I would say that, yes, PPA prices are going up to reflect the increase in prices. But as you know, we've handled the supply constraints. First, I would say the importing of solar panels from China, PV panels from China, that we were able to first move out of China. And then second, we're diversifying the source of our polysilicon away from China as well. And so we're not seeing that as a constraint. As we said, we have an inventory, everything that we need to fulfill certainly this year's construction and also already assigned a lot of the backlog. So we feel we're in a good position.
Steve Coughlin: I would just also add on the number specifically. So as you've said, as Andres alluded to, there are subtractions coming from that backlog. So as we're completing construction, completing acquisitions, so it's about 1.5 gigawatts that we actually pulled out of the backlog because of completion. So net, there's significant additions going into.
Insoo Kim: Okay. That's both good color there. And maybe, Andres, just a broader question for you. I think three key points that you guys made on this call, the accelerated collection plan, the U.S. earnings being 50% earlier and then the IG plan. Those are all definitely good strategies. But I guess when we think about the investor base and how over the past few years the structure of growing EPS and having consistent dividend, all of that to mirror kind of a utility-like structure, I think it served you well as you've consistently executed at least over the past few years. Just wondering that when you think about strategy and the cost benefit of the actions you're taking on the asset sales and whatnot, maybe having a near-term dilutive impact, I just wonder - just wondering your strategy on that going forward and whether that's worth taking the hit now versus kind of trying to make a more consistent or a predictable growth profile.
Andres Gluski: Well, that's a great question. Look, we are laser-focused on delivering on our commitments. So we haven't changed our growth profile. Maybe to some extent, a little bit back-end loaded because of the dilution that we're putting in for earlier sales. However, I think this strategy has served us well. We've gone from a 2,200 megawatts of coal to completely exit by the end of 2025. And we think that's what a lot of new investors will like. So we think we'll have the triple investment-grade. We have a growing dividend. We are continually derisking as we get out. We are more concentrated in the U.S. and more concentrated on renewables. So we think this will be a company that will attract new additional shareholders and continue to serve our existing shareholders as well.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Julien, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Perfect. So just a couple of follow-up items here, if I can. So when you talk about asset sales, but more specifically driving to a neutral to positive outcome for AES Next, I mean, how does one do that? Are further divestments and sell-downs of your stakes part of how you manage those earnings? Or is this really about managing it organically to make sure that whether it's Fluence or other pieces of the business, they ultimately all cohesively drive an inflection in earnings contribution here in that '24 time frame? I just want to clarify that.
Andres Gluski: Yes. No, that is organic. We expect the business to turn around. A lot of what have occurred this year is onetime related to COVID, both on the supply chain. And that, of course, includes shipping as well. So we expect the business to turn around. As they said on their call, they expect to be at a gross margin run rate by the fourth quarter. And so we will hold them accountable for that and - through the board, and we continue to innovate together. So both the big companies are Fluence and Uplight, and we expect them both to execute on their plans, and that is inorganic. Again, what we're mentioning is that we always have many levers to pull. So what we're saying is by 2024, this will be positive or - neutral at worst and hopefully positive.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I would just add, Julien, if you think about the state of these businesses, they're investing in their product development and in their market expansion, the Digital IQ for Fluence, for example. So you'd expect them to be bottom line losses at this point of their life cycle. And as Andres said, they have a plan to get back to the gross margin targets by the fourth quarter. And then with the added volume, as that grows and the top line has been very successful, as the volume and the margin grows, then the bottom line of that business will overcome its R&D and G&A costs and get to a positive place.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And if I can come back to one of the underlying points. Obviously, you have a long-term earnings trajectory and growth in '22 is a little bit slower than that trajectory would otherwise indicate. So If you will, there's got to be a pickup at some point here. You've talked about some of the timing-related issues specifically in '22. How do you think about that sort of inflection in that catch-up period? Is there a bigger step-up in, say, '23 or '24? Just curious about the sort of the profile against that average CAGR number you threw out there?
Andres Gluski: Of course, we can't guide to '23, '24 specifically. But obviously, if you look at the number of PPAs we have signed, which will come online in '23, '24, that's the big driver behind that. If you also look at the rate cases we have in the utilities in the U.S., that's a big driver of that as well. So that's a pickup. I mean, realize that for '22, we're also making up for the change in how it is accounting, the accounting issue that we had for the share count. So actually, we are more than delivering on what we had set out, say, two years ago. So we're making up a $0.09 hit for this year based solely on how you account for the number of shares.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. And I think in addition to that, the opportunity to take advantage of the value in AES Andes and increasing the shares, that was significantly earnings and cash accretive immediately and will continue to be. So that's a big help to us, too.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: In fact, if I may, and again, I know you don't want to provide longer-term guidance, but given what you just said a moment ago and you offset some of the '22 impacts that are somewhat technical here. I mean to what extent could we expect an extension or acceleration, if you will, implicitly, given what your success is on renewables, the ability to drive that cash up against your 7% to 9% in the later years? And what that means for sort of an exit rate trajectory subsequent to - in '25 and beyond? Do you get what I'm saying? If the plan is that sort of way what does that mean about the longer term?
Andres Gluski: Well, again, we're very optimistic about the longer term. We feel we're in the right place in the market. We have differentiated products. We have - are growing very fast in renewables. We're in the right markets. And we have upside potential from projects like in green hydrogen. We have a number of projects that we're progressing there. I think something that will give us additional juice is the pass of the climate plus plan, which will clarify what are the various subsidies or, if you want, tax percentages, tax - ITC, PTC, et cetera. So once that's clarified, that could give us upside. And then also, as Steve mentioned in his speech, a greater use of our facilities in Southern California, longer - and extension of it, which looks technically possible. So there certainly are upsides from that. What we're doing is saying, based on the situation that we're in today, this is our plan.
Ahmed Pasha: The only thing I would - Julien, I would add, this is Ahmed, is that back in March last year at our Investor Day, we had already assumed significant dilution because we said our goal is to go below 10% coal by '25. So our growth rate already had embedded at that time decent dilution. We showed that roughly $0.30 at that time. So I think now we are saying we are down to 0. So I think we - and the factors that we've discussed today, the positive things that go in our favor, like increased share in AES Andes, accelerated growth in renewables, things like that will help us offset that. So we don't expect any hockey stick, if you wish, type profile if that's - that was your question.
Steve Coughlin: And the share count change was baked in, Julien, to '24 and '25. So that's relative to the near-term guidance that's having a disproportionate effect on '22 and '23. But as of '24, those shares were assumed to be converted anyway, so they're already baked in.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Clearly. But again, you give me no reason to be less confident here.
Operator: The next question today comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Durgesh, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Durgesh Chopra: I want to go back to the renewal backlog. And I think Steve, you said, I mean, the projects that were completed and taken out and then a few new adds. But there's a fair bit of gas in that 9.2 gigawatt number. Can you elaborate what - those are gas-fired plants? Or those are LNG projects? What does that comprise of?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So we do have - so we have the project that we acquired in Panama in those numbers, the Gatun project is included. Otherwise, it's renewables.
Andres Gluski: And just to state, we own 25% of the gas project in Panama. So actually, we own higher percentages of the renewables.
Steve Coughlin: Yes. Yes, the whole amount is reflected here. But yes, from an economic standpoint, we have more of the renewables.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. And maybe I could just follow up with Ahmed on that. Okay. And then just can you talk about sort of how should we think about the financial impacts if any of the community energy acquisition, I mean, in terms of financing costs and things like that on 2022 guidance and future earnings projections?
Andres Gluski: Yes. The community - look, we've grown our AES Clean Energy very quickly. We've merged our sPower with Distributed Energy. And then we've also acquired Community Energy. Now Community Energy comes with a pipeline of 10 gigawatts and 70 seasoned professionals. So it was very important at this time of rapid growth to have, first, the people, and second, the pipeline. So that's going to help our growth. Now in terms of their projects, when those will be offered to our customers and come online, they didn't - no backlog is coming from Community Energy. But certainly, we think that we can get better financing terms and better costs for equipment and improve execution. So that's upside from that. So I don't know if that answers your question. But basically, they're now part of that unit. And what they've done is help us accelerate that growth.
Operator: The next question today comes from Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Stephen, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to first just talk about Chile and just wondered if you could expand a bit on the dialogue you've had with the Chilean government in terms of helping the nation to decarbonize and pursuing green ammonia and just a little bit more color on the nature of that dialogue.
Andres Gluski: Sure. Well, let's see, we know the new President, Boric, through the Council of Americas. We know about him. I would say that it's very much aligned with our plans because he wants to continue to decarbonize the mining sector. That would fit in well with our project to supply the mining sector with hydrogen fuel for their large machinery. Also, it fits in very well with our planned shutdowns of our coal plants and the replacement for - with our pipeline of renewables. So I think we're very much aligned with that plan. And I think he wants to increase and accelerate the carbon tax. So we don't see - our contracts have pass-throughs for the higher carbon tax in most cases. And our renewables would benefit from it. So we felt there was a tremendous opportunity at AES Andes. And we're rolling a lot of new technology out in Chile in terms of batteries, in terms of the MAVERICK product for 5B. We have, we believe, the most efficient solar farm in the world. It's close to 38% in Chile. So we have a lot of good things happening in Chile, which weren't reflected in the market price. And in terms of the government, our plans are very much aligned with what they want to achieve.
Stephen Byrd: Very good. And then just another topic I've been getting some questions on is just El Salvador and the state of the economy. I guess I've been seeing that there's been fairly good economic growth in El Salvador. It's an important country for you. There is some concern though about the linkage with Bitcoin and just sort of the overall sort of growth and stability potential there. Wonder if you could just expand a little bit on what you're seeing in El Salvador and sort of the outlook there for your business there.
Andres Gluski: Look, our business in El Salvador has been very stable. The dollar is the currency of the country. So Bitcoin is not going to replace it. And certainly, with the volatility that Bitcoin has, it's not feasible. They did do one financing in Bitcoin that I'm aware of. So I don't see a change there. The biggest export of El Salvador is people, especially if you live in the D.C. area. So it's remittances that drive the economy. So a big factor there is that the U.S. economy is doing well. So I'd say the thing to watch in El Salvador is we always have to be on top of collections. And those are doing very well. So I know there's some noise, there's some political noise, and there have been some announcements like Bitcoin. But we don't see anything that would substantially affect our business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question today comes from Gregg Orrill from UBS. Gregg, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Gregg Orrill: I'm sorry if you covered this, but what was the last 10% on - that relates to the exit of coal by '25? What steps would get you there?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. So that was our previously stated goal. So we're just above 20%, around 20% this year. And so our previously stated goal was to get below 10% by 2025. And that is through a combination of asset sales, retirements, fuel conversion. So what we've talked about today is really just a full exit by the end of 2025. So that's really the difference there.
Gregg Orrill: Can you be any more specific plant-wise?
Andres Gluski: Gregg, what I'd put it this way is, again, in the big - if you look over time, I mean, we've gone from 22 to 7. We've already signed about - of that 7, about half of it is already basically sold. And we have to just close the sales. So you're left with a number of plants. And there's a combination of replacements, let's say, for renewables. There's fuel conversions where we can start running those plants on gas. And those few cases where we - that does not work, then there's obviously the possibility of asset sales. So just like we've been doing, we're just accelerating that and saying, look, rather than have 10% linger on for a couple of years, let's just go ahead and bite the bullet and say we're out of coal by end of '25.
Operator: There are no additional questions registered at this time. So I'll hand the call back to Ahmed Pasha for closing remarks. Ahmed, please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 09:50:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to AES Corporation third quarter 2021, final review. My name is Juan, and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over to your host, Ahmed Pasha, Global Treasurer, Vice President of Investor Relations to begin with. Ahmed, please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, operator. Good morning and welcome to our Third Quarter 2021 Financial Review Call. Our press release, presentation, and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website, along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Coughlin, our Chief Financial Officer, and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres. Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our third quarter financial review call. Before discussing our progress since our last call, I want to introduce our new Chief Financial Officer, Steve Coughlin. Steve has been with AES for 14 years and has served in a variety of roles, including as CEO of Fluence, and most recently, as head of both Strategy and Financial Planning. I am happy to report that we're making excellent progress on our strategic and financial goals. And remain on track to deliver on our 7% to 9% annualized growth in adjusted EPS and parent-free cash flow through 2025. We had a strong third quarter with adjusted EPS of $0.5 and 19% increase versus the same quarter last year. We expect to deliver on our full-year guidance, even with a $0.07 non-cash impact from an updated accounting interpretation related to the equity units of a convert we issued earlier this year. Steve will provide more details shortly. Today I will discuss both the growth in our core business, as well as the strategy and evolution of our innovation business, called AES Next. We see ourselves as the leading integrator of new technologies. The two parts of our portfolio are mutually beneficial to one another and enabled us to deliver greater total returns to our shareholders. More specifically, and as we have proven, our core business platforms provide the optimal environment for exponentially growing technology startups. At the same time, our AES Next businesses provide us with unique capabilities that enable us to offer customers the differentiated products they seek to achieve their sustainability goals. Turning to slide 4, I will provide you with an update on our core business, including our growth in renewable, and an update on the overall macroeconomic environment. Beginning with renewables: we continue to see great momentum in demand overall. As we speak, we have senior members of our team attending a COP26 Climate Conference in Glasgow, meeting with governments, organizations, and potential customers. Since our last call in August, we have signed an additional 1.1 gigawatts of renewable PPAs, bringing our year-to-date total to 4 gigawatts. Additionally, we are in very advanced discussions for another 850 megawatts of wind, solar, and energy storage. Based on our current progress, we now expect to sign at least 5 gigawatts this year, versus our prior expectations of 4 gigawatts. This represents the largest addition in our history, and 66% more than in 2020. With our pipeline of 38 gigawatts of potential projects, including ten gigawatts that are ready to bid in the U.S. we are well-positioned to capitalize on this substantial opportunity. Our success is a result of our strategy of working with our clients on long-term contracts that provide customized solutions for their specific energy and sustainability goals. As such, almost 90% of our new business has been from bilateral negotiating contracts with corporate customers. This allowed us to compete on what we do best. Providing differentiated, innovative solutions. One example of our work with major technology companies to provide competitively priced renewable energy netted on an hour-by-hour basis. As we announced earlier this week, we signed a 15-year agreement to provide around the clock renewable energy to power Microsoft's data centers in Virginia. Year-to-date, we have signed almost two gigawatts of similarly structured contracts with a number of tech companies, integrating a mix of renewable sources and energy storage. Outside the U.S., we have a similar strategy of focusing on bilateral sales with corporate customers, which has enabled us to sign long-term U.S. dollar-denominated contracts with investment-grade customers. For example, in Brazil, we see demand for more than 25 gigawatts of renewables, providing a significant opportunity to earn mid to high-teen returns in U.S. dollars. While at the same time, diversifying our Brazilian portfolio of mostly hydro generation. To that end, for the first time ever in Brazil, we are in very advanced negotiations to sign a 300-megawatt U.S. dollar-denominated contract with a large multinational corporation for 15 years. Turning to Slide 5, our backlog of 9.2 gigawatts, is the largest ever, with 60% in the U.S. These projects represent one of the main drivers for our growth through 2025, and beyond. With this pace of growth, we are laser-focused on ensuring that we have adequate and reliable supply chains. For several years, we have anticipated a boom in renewable development that could potentially lead to inadequate panel supply, and as such, we took preemptive measures to ensure supply chain flexibility. Despite current challenges in the market, we have non-Chinese panels secured for the majority of our backlog, which is expected to come online through 2024. We have benefited from a number of strategic relationships with various suppliers and a clear advantage stemming from our scale and visibility of our pipeline. More generally, we continue to proactively manage potential macroeconomic headwinds. Including inflation and commodity prices. As part of our efforts to de -risk our portfolio over the past decade, we have taken a systematic approach to risk management. In fact, in places where we use fuel it is mostly a pass-through, and therefore we have limited exposure to changes in commodity prices. Furthermore, more than 80% of our adjusted pre -tax contribution is in U.S. dollars, insulating us from fluctuations in foreign currencies. We not only remain committed to achieving our long-term adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow targets, but we also continue to improve our credit metrics, are on track to achieve triple-B ratings from all agencies by 2025. Now to slide 6, we continue to benefit from a virtual cycle with our corporate customers, in which our ability to provide innovative solutions leads to more opportunities for collaboration and more projects. For example, this quarter we announced a partnership with Google, to provide our utility customers cost savings and energy efficiency features. As well as opportunities to accelerate their own clean energy goals through Nest Thermostats. Moving to Slide 7, through AES Next, we integrate new technologies to bring innovation to the industry and work with existing and new customers. AES Next operates as a separate unit within AES, where we develop and incubate new businesses, including a combination of strategic investments and internally developed businesses, representing approximately $50 million of growth capital annually. As I mentioned, the combination of AES Next and our core business, creates the optimal environment for growth, whereby we can better create solutions for customers by utilizing our industry insights and operating platforms. One example of this mutually beneficial arrangement is in the combinations of renewables plus storage. We first combined solar and storage in 2018 in Hawaii. And today, nearly half of our renewable PPAs have an energy storage component. Another example is 5B, a prefabricated solar solution Company that has patented technology, allowing projects to be built in a third of the time, and on half as much land while being resistant to hurricane force winds. We see 5B technology as a source of current and future competitive advantage for years. Allowing us to build more projects in places where there is a land scarcity, constraints around height or soil disruption, or hurricane risk. Likewise, 5G benefits greatly from the ability to grow rapidly on our platform. And we are currently developing projects in the U.S., Puerto Rico, Chile, Panama, and India. I am highlighting the AES Next portion of our business because it is increasingly clear that AES essentially has 2 distinct business models that add value to our shareholders in very different ways. With our core business, we continue to measure our success through growth in adjusted EPS and parent-free cash flow, as well PPA signed. With AES Next, these businesses contribute value creation through their extremely rapid growth in valuation, with the potential for future monetization. Nonetheless, they are a drag on AES earnings during their ramp up phase. In 2021, this drag on earnings is expected to be approximately $0.06 per share. We assume these losses from AES Next in our 2021 guidance, and our 7% to 9% annualized growth rate, through 2025. Turning to slide eight, as you know, last week Fluence, our energy storage joint venture with Seasons, which began as a small business within AES, became a publicly listed Company with the current valuation of around 6 billion. Similarly, early this year, another AES Next business offline received evaluation in a private transaction of 1.5 billion. The value of our interest in these two businesses is now at least $2.5 billion or $3 per share compared to the book value of our investments of approximately a $150 million. In my view, this massive shareholder value creation more than justifies the temporary negative impact to earnings. In summary, our strategy of being the leading integrator of new technologies on our platform has yielded great results. And we have several other innovations in development under AES Next. As they mature, we will continue to take actions to accelerate our growth and so their value. With that, I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Steve Coughlin.
Steve Coughlin: Thank you, Andres and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to participate in my first earnings call as CFO of AES. I have been at AES for 14 years, and feel very fortunate to work at a Company that is transforming the electric sector so profoundly along so many talented people in finance and throughout the Company. With our strategic and financial progress to date, AES is well-positioned to continue leading this transformation. In my previous role, I led corporate strategy and financial planning, where we developed our plan to get to greater than 50% renewable, at least 50% of our business in the U.S., and to reduce our coal share to less than 10% by 2025. All while growing the Company 7% to 9%. We are committed to those goals, and I look forward to continue executing toward them. Before I dive into our financial performance, I want to discuss the adjustment to our accounting that we made this quarter relating to the treatment of the $1 billion in equity units we issued in the first quarter this year. Our prior guidance assume that the underlying shares would not be included in our Fully diluted share count until 2024 upon settlement of the equity units. This approach was in line with industry practice, and supported by our interpretation of the accounting literature, and our external auditors. However, we're now subject to an updated interpretation of these instruments and we are adjusting to include these shares in our fully diluted EPS calculations.  This adjustment results in an annual impact of roughly $0.07 this year and $0.09 in 2022 and 2023 using a full-year of an additional 40 million shares. It's important to keep in mind that this adjustment has no cash impact, and has absolutely no impact on our business or longer-term growth rates, as we had included the underlying shares in our projections for 2024, and beyond. Prior to this adjustment, we had expected to be in the upper half of our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range, but we now expect to be at the low-end of the range. Now, I'd like to cover two important topics. Our performance during the third quarter and our capital allocation plan. Turning to slide 11, you can see the strong performance of our portfolio in this quarter. Adjusted EPS was $0.50 for the quarter versus $0.42 for the comparable quarter last year. This 19% increase was primarily driven by improvements at our operating businesses, new renewables, and parent interest savings. These positive drivers were partially offset by lower contributions from South America, largely due to unscheduled outages in Chile. Third quarter results also reflect an approximate $0.03 quarter-to-date impact from the higher share count due to the inclusion of $40 million additional weighted average shares relating to the equity units as I just mentioned. Turning to Slide 12, adjusted pre -tax contribution, or PTC, was $428 million for the quarter, an increase of $97 million versus third quarter of 2020. I'll cover our results by strategic business unit over the next 4 slides, beginning on Slide 13. In the U.S. in utilities SBU, PTC increased $69 million as a result of our continued progress in growing our U.S. footprint. The improvement was largely driven by higher contributions from Southland, which benefited from higher contracted prices, new renewables coming online at AES Clean Energy, and higher availability at AES Puerto Rico. In California, our 2.3-gigawatts Southland Legacy portfolio demonstrated its critical importance by continuing to meet the State's pressing energy needs. And it transitioned to a more sustainable carbon-free future. In fact, as you may have heard, last month the State Water Resources Control Board unanimously approved an extension of our 876 megawatt Redondo Beach facility for two years through 2023 to align with our remaining legacy units. If the demand supply situation remains tight, some of our Legacy portfolio could be available to meet California 's energy needs beyond 2023 if State energy official determine a need. Although we have not assumed this in our guidance. As you can see on Slide 14, at our South America SBU, lower PTC was primarily driven by unscheduled outages in Chile, due to a blade defect impacting 6 turbines across our fleet that has now largely been resolved. Our third quarter results were also driven by lower hydrology in Brazil. Before moving to MCAC, I would like to provide an update on the 531 megawatt Alto Maipo hydro project, owned by a subsidiary of AES Andes in Chile. Construction continues to go well, and generation is expected to begin in December of this year, with full commercial operation of the plant expected in the first half of 2022, in line with our expectations. Alto Maipo is in discussions with its non-recourse lenders to restructure its debt to achieve a more sustainable and flexible capital structure for the long term. AES Andy's has honored its equity commitments to Alto Alto Maipo and will not be assuming any additional equity obligations. We expect this restructuring to be completed in 2022. And AF Andy's already assumed zero cash flow from Alto Maipo. So we don't see the restructuring impacting our guidance. Now, turning back to our third-quarter results on slide 15, the higher PTC at our MCAC SBU primarily reflects higher LNG sales in Dominican Republic and demand recovery in Panama. And finally, in Eurasia, as shown on Slide 16, higher results reflect improved operating performance in Bulgaria. Now to Slide 17. To summarize our performance in the first 3 quarters of the year, we earned adjusted EPS of $1.07 versus $0.96 last year. As I mentioned earlier, in terms of our full-year guidance, we are incorporating the $0.07 per share non-cash impact from the adjustment for the equity units issued earlier this year. Prior to this adjustment, we had expected to be in the upper half of our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range. But we now expect to come in at the lower end of the range of $1.50 to $1.58. It's important to note that this adjustment does not affect our longer-term growth expectations, and has no impact on our cash flow. With 3/4 of the year behind us, our year-to-go results will benefit from contributions for new renewables, continued demand recovery across our markets, reduced interest expense, and our cost savings programs. These positive drivers are offset by the impacts of the higher share count and the dilution from AES Next, as Andres discussed earlier. Now, turning to our 2021 parent capital allocation on Slide 18, Beginning on the left hand of the slide, and consistent with our prior disclosure, we expect approximately $2 billion of discretionary cash this year. We remain confident in our parent-free cash flow target midpoint of $800 million, and the $100 million from the sale of Itabo. And we received the $1 billion of proceeds from the equity units issued in March. Moving over to the right-hand side, the uses are largely on the strength -- unchanged from the last quarter, with $450 million in returns to our shareholders this year, consisting of our common share dividend and a coupon on the equity units. We also continue to expect almost $1.5 billion of investment in our subsidiaries, with about 60% going towards renewables globally. Our investment program continue to be heavily weighted to the U.S. with approximately 70% targeted for our U.S. businesses. The increased focus on U.S. investments will contribute to our goal of growing the proportion of earnings from the U.S. to at least 1/2 of our base. Finally, as I ramp up in my new role, I've had the chance to speak with many of our internal and external stakeholders. It's clear that AES continues to successfully execute on our strategy, and we've remained resilient in the face of volatile macroeconomic conditions. Continuing to drive the successful execution and delivering on our financial goals is my top priority. I look forward to getting input from more of our investors and analysts, and providing the information you need to understand the great future ahead for AES. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve. In summary, we have had a strong third quarter with both our core business and AES Next doing well. We're increasing our target for science renewable PPAs from 4 gigawatts to 5 gigawatts, and Fluence successfully completed its $6 billion IPO. We remain committed to delivering on our strategic and financial goals, including our 7% to 9% annualized growth rate in earnings and cash flow, and will continue to create greater shareholder value by being the leading integrator of new technologies. With that, I would like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Greg Chamberlain from JP Morgan. Please reach out, your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to start with the equity units change here. We look to offset any of the $0.09 impacts to '22 or '23, and just thinking about the incremental positives after the Analyst Day this year, such as the higher renewable signings and the Redondo extension. How do you see all of that shaking out with the latest change here?
Andres Gluski: Well, as you know we have a work portfolio, and so we have pluses and minus. Overall it's a portfolio that had shown it's great resilience over the last two years. So right now we're not ready to give guidance for next year. But we're committed to the 7% to 9% growth rates in earnings and free cash flow. So we'll be getting back to you on that. But as you correctly point out, there are positives. And then we have the drag of the additional shares. And we will be working with that. I'd say overall, we feel we're in an excellent position. We had a very strong quarter and year-to-date. One of the things I'd like to highlight is, that we had a design malfunction in our steam turbines in Chile. And this required them to undergo maintenance at 50,000 hours, instead of 100,000 hours. And this happened during the worst drought in Chile's history. We were short energy when energy prices were high. But nonetheless, if it weren't for the accounting, we would have been well within the mid or upper region of our earnings. So this is the way that our portfolio works. I don't know, Steve, you want to add something?
Steve Coughlin: Sure, no -- thanks, Andres. And thanks for the question. As I said in my script, this is recalculation, so it's just a different denominator on the capital, on the equity units that we raised earlier this year. It's purely just math, frankly. And looking ahead, we do see we have many levers, as Andres said. so we're fully committed to the 7% to 9%. These shares were already incorporated as of 2024, so it has no impact on that longer-term growth rate. And then, looking ahead, we have a number of value accretive opportunities in the portfolio. So we're in the midst of our planning process at this point and we'll give 2022 guidance in February. But we feel very confident in the overall growth rate and there's definitely things that we can do to stay within -- stay within that range going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thank you for the color there. And then maybe just switching gears to the C&I side of the progress shown with the Microsoft deal. Curious if you could speak a little bit to the 2 gigawatts you cited at similarly structured solutions signed year-to-date, how that compares to initial expectations. And then just broadly, any near term limitations to your ability to further rollout this around the clock product to just how you think about scalability there overall. Thank you.
Andres Gluski: Sure. I think we're rolling it out very well. We have said, from the beginning when we did the first Google one, that this was a product that was -- there was a lot of interest from other large corporate customers. We feel good that this is not the last deal we'll do. I think, the key here is the ability to provide around the clock, and so this is 100% renewable for 15 years. So the product keeps getting more sophisticate. Now, to do that, you need to be able to model all possible situations in a given area of service, integrating also batteries and different forms of renewable power. So we've been very flexible on that. We're very excited about that, and we see additional opportunities going forward. I think as we mentioned, 90% of the deals we have signed, in the last year-to-date, have been with corporate customers. And so we really see this type of structured project -- product really being a competitive advantage for us. So stay tuned. We think there's a -- something that we've been talking about. We're really seeing it come to fruition.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thank you for the time today. Thank you. The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please, Durgesh, your line is now open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, Andres and Steve. Welcome and I look forward to working with you. A couple of questions from my end. First, just, Andres you made that comment, that majority of the backlog to 2024 is now secured. Can I just ask you to clarify when you say that, that means wind, solar, storage, everything?
Andres Gluski: No, we were basically talking about solar panels, but we also have the balance of plan. So we feel very secured about it. But the one that's been, let's say, more in the press and more top of mind for everybody, has been solar panels. We very early on, started switching buying from Chinese panels to buying panels made in Malaysia, Vietnam, and in the future, Cambodia. And we've also, I think, been leaders in getting our suppliers to certify that there's no, let's say, poly silicon coming from Western China in the -- that could be questionable in terms of the labor practices. So we feel very comfortable. We have the supplies. We have flexibility. And we're also buying a number of U.S. panels made in the U.S. so -- without polysilicone by the by the way. So altogether we feel very comfortable that we have enough to meet our backlog to 2024, and that includes the balance of the plant, and that includes a batteries.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. I mean, I guess in the last quarter, Andres, you'd mentioned something around maybe 90% of the equipment needed for your then-stated backlog of like, I think it was 8.5 gigawatts. Are you in that similar percentage wise for this updated 9.2 gigawatt number?
Andres Gluski: Yes.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then just, obviously, great execution 5-gigawatts year-to-date. You have a target of 3 to 4, going to 5 up to 2025, right? Like 5-gigawatts a year to 2025. So as you have this momentum, can you talk about your margins, profitability, cash returns of your seen cost pressures?
Andres Gluski: Sure, great question. Look, we are achieving -- targeting and achieving low teen returns in the U.S. And we are targeting and achieving mid to higher teens outside of the U.S. Those are the -- those are really our hurdle rates that we are achieving, we feel very good about that. Now, realizing that there's a lag between signing a PPA and commissioning the project, so this year, we'll commission north of 1.5 gigawatts, maybe as high as 2. Next year, we should be somewhere between 3.5 and 4 gigawatts. This momentum will continue. We see -- it's not just the number of megawatts, we have to make sure that we're earning, on average, the right returns.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. Thanks for the time, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Peters from [Indiscernible]. Please, David, go ahead.
David Peters: Hey, good morning, guys.
Andres Gluski: Good morning.
David Peters: Back to the different accounting treatment for the equity units, you guys made the point to mention that it was consistent with other peers and the auditors had signed off. I'm wondering what specifically changed that you are now subject to this new interpretation?
Steve Coughlin: Yes. This is Steve. I'm happy to describe it in a little more detail. We issued the $1 billion equity units back in March. And as I said, it was -- the treatment that we use was very well vetted by our accountants, by our external auditors, and to external advisors. at that point, we were using a treasury stock method for the treatment, so it didn't show up in the shared account. So there's a number of companies that have used similar instruments, and in consultation with our auditors, SEC had done a review of the treatment of these types of instruments, and has informed our auditors that they see a different interpretation. So, although we haven't had direct communications with the SEC, we felt it was most prudent that we go ahead and update the interpretation. So we're really just taking the prudent course of action here. This conversion was already assumed in the 2024 share count, so it's just an interim impact to the calculation. There's no new transaction here. It's just this recalculation of the shares. Ultimately, that's the source of it and we're trying to be as prudent as we can in terms of the treatment.
David Peters: Great. I appreciate the detail there. Another question I had, switching gears, and appreciate the slide in the deck that you -- showing the value you've created through Fluence and Uplight, and, I guess, now that Fluence is public, would be a little bit more curious to hear about Uplight in terms of how you think about the value of that Company today versus when you got the value mark and going forward? Particularly because, I think, I just saw that Uplight completed an acquisition recently?
Andres Gluski: Thanks for the question. Look, we see Uplight,in the terms of its maturity, two to three years behind Fluence. But we're very happy with the progress that up Uplight has made and very happy with what we've done with AES Next. Because, if you look at our capital contribution and today's valuation, that's a 20-X. So that's -- some of this has been in -- even though we were working for example, on batteries for a long time, but really in terms of having a business, it's been roughly about three years -- 3, 4 years. This has created a lot a lot of value for our shareholders. And it's very interesting because there's two sides of the business. The AES Next is really a value play, especially during this rapid growth phase because you have to expense a lot of your investments really. But at the same time, they are helping us grow. When you talk about the structured products that we're selling to corporations, having AES Next and the know-how from there, has been extremely helpful. As I said, stay tuned, we have others in the works. The most mature probably is 5B. We think 5B has a lot of potential because of what it offers. It offers speed of build, it offers less use of land, and hurricane resistant is very important. Hurricane wind resistant is very important. So we're very happy with the progress there and very happy about the relationship between the AES core business and AES Next.
David Peters: Great. And then just last one quickly, just a point of clarification. You said AES Next was roughly at the $0.06 drag today. But as we get out into the outer years of your plan, I guess '24 and '25, are you expecting it to be contributing at that point or would it still be a drag?
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. No. No, we are. So I mean, I think there's a near-term dilution around of a similar level, say for 2022 and then that gradually reduces. And so by 2024, '25, we're expecting positive contributions and then significant acceleration in the positive contribution from that point.
David Peters: Great. Thank you guys.
Andres Gluski: Thank you
Operator: Thank you David. The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please Julien. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hey, good morning team. Congratulations on everything. Well done. To come back to this AES Next -- again, kudos there. As you guys think about the drag here, you talked about '21 having $0.06 drag. Through the '25 period here, how are you thinking about the cadence of that drag to evolve here? By the timing of '25, what is that reflected in your expectations here? And then, maybe, I'll throw in another nuanced EPS questions. When you're -- when you're thinking about the converts here, obviously you were able to offset that and be at the top end of '21. What does that say about by the time you get to 25, considering that the converts admittedly would've been sort of effectively fully diluted by then in terms of where you stand within your range as well. Again, give us a backdrop of all your successes, be it origination or otherwise.
Andres Gluski: Sure. Steve and I will answer this one. Let me take the second one, so it's definitely within our 25 numbers, because it was assumed that they would convert until the stat was the share count. So what is different is that we have a higher share count, '21, '22, and '23. That is the only difference in these calculations regarding AES Next, the one that's producing the largest drag is Fluence, quite frankly in Fluence, as it matures. And it's made all these investments in new designs, in gearing up to be able to meet that supply, in terms of guaranteeing supply of batteries around the world. And as sales increase, this will, I would say, gradually turn positive. And Steve, you want to mention --
Steve Coughlin: Obviously, as Andres said, I lead Fluence for its first 2.5 years, so I'm very familiar with the Company and its trajectory. And look the opportunity for Fluence has gotten massive, more massive than even we predicted when I started there. Going out and raising this capital was clearly targeted to go big and go much bigger. And so this, in some ways, what it does is it increases the near-term dilution deliberately because we're investing to accelerate the scale of the Company. And we know that it can be successful if we accelerate. But it's also then significantly increasing the upside when you get out into 24-25 period. Putting this capital to work is going to be near-term dilutive, but it's tremendously value accretive. And we've already seen some recognition of that in where it is today. And we think it's only going to go significantly upward from here. In our numbers, it turns positive, and it turns significantly positive by 2025.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: And that significantly positive, is reflected in that 25 number today? Want to understand how much of the earnings [Indiscernible]
Steve Coughlin: Yeah. Yeah. It is reflected, and I would say, it comes -- from the level of dilution today, it's going to flip flop to being at least that level positive by that point.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: And we say at least that level positive that is AES Next in entirety, right? Not just look.
Steve Coughlin: Yeah, I think Fluence will be at that point. Uplight will have grown too, but I would expect Fluence would likely be a few ahead be the largest driver, but I would say at least $0.06 positive from Next, by 2025.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Right. Okay. Got it. Excellent. Thank you for the clarity there. And then if I can just -- more strategic question here also against your backdrop of 25 numbers. California extension, you've only reflected this new numbers through -- you haven't reflected this through 2025. That seems like a further upside whether it's Redondo or the entirety of the Legacy portfolio. And then ultimately you -- just when you think about the portfolio all together at this possible transition, again, kudos on transition, how are you thinking about some of the lingering assets and especially some of the renewed interest across the marketplace city for instance LNG?
Steve Coughlin: I will take the Southland question and then I'll turn it over to Andres, but that's correct, Julien. The Southland extension is -- the Redondo extension provide some upside. We had the Alamitos Huntington Beach, through 2023. We have the recent decision that's now upside for Redondo beach. But at this point, everything is just through 2023, and not beyond that. So the extent, there's an opportunity beyond that that would be upside to our guidance. And in addition, this year in the third quarter, we've seen in the numbers, we had the margin favorability from the hedges. There -- those legacy assets are quite valuable and we see the potential for further Q3 value recognition in our assets, which would also be upside into the guidance going forward.
Andres Gluski: Julien, regarding the LNG. We have a very strong position in the Gulf of Mexico, between the Dominican Republic and Panama. We have basically been contracting much more in terms of the Dominican Republic filling up the second tank, and the Panama filling up the first tank. So we see LNG as a necessary transition fuel. And I think what we're seeing a little bit in Europe and a little bit in China. It's very important to manage this transition. So while we were coming up with new technologies, making it possible to put more renewables on the grid, make renewable cheaper, make them more efficient and satisfy more what customers want. We see that in some -- many places, LNG natural gas is the necessary transition fuel. These two will work together. And as we said, we are on our way to filling up our full capacity of the two locations of the three tanks.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Got it. So it sounds like literally and perhaps figuratively, you haven't quite filled the tank on the incremental contribution from LNG or California when it comes to '25 yet, but there's more go.
Andres Gluski: Yes. That's right. That's right. There's still more potential. Quite frankly, that's the most profitable thing we can do, is to fill up an existing tank.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Yeah. Actually guys. Thank you. Best of luck.
Andres Gluski: Thank you Julien.
Steve Coughlin: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Stephen Byrd, from Morgan Stanley. Please Stephen, your line is now open.
Stephen Byrd: Thanks very much and congrats on a very constructive update here.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Steve, and -- go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Yes, Sir. I wanted to explore the Google Nest agreement and talk a little bit more about the magnitude if you could, and repeatability of that approach? it looks like a great solution where you can bring a lot of your skills to bear, to provide some value, but I'm struggling thinking about how to try to assess the magnitude of the opportunity here.
Andres Gluski: Well, this is through Uplight. And Uplight has been -- I believe the biggest seller of Nest in the U.S. because it reaches around 100 million final consumers in the U.S. So the idea is to continue to add on that platform more things, and improve customers experience, and customers capabilities of improving their energy efficiency use. Now, of course, Uplight works through large utilities. That's really how it goes. I think, there is a lot of opportunity there. I agree with that. And what Uplight has been doing is acquiring additional capabilities by some of these acquisitions, adding onto that platform. It's really using that platform, using that entry, into final consumers to provide additional value-add services.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. And is there a way to think about that value in terms of the per customer value, or some other metric, in terms of the benefit that utilities would receive from the kinds of services you provide here?
Andres Gluski: I don't have that available right now. I think the way to think about it, is this is the value of the total Uplight platform. And as you know, we partnered with Schneider Electric to have more capabilities, with more acquisitions. and we're working very closely with our utility customers. So I think the way this value will be reflected and captured, is through the value of Uplight. And as I said, I think it's 2-3 years behind Fluence in terms of its evolution.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. Very clear. And then just last question for me, just on LNG. You've been making great progress, you just described on Julien 's question, you're moving towards filling up a number of these resources. I was thinking once they're essentially filled to the capacity that you've targeted, they're fairly mature assets at that point and there might be a more logical owner with a fairly low discount rate at that point once they're mature. Are these good monetization assets when they're mature? The reasons you kind of see further option value essentially around these assets longer-term?
Andres Gluski: I think, 2 things: As you know, we are growing very rapidly in renewables. We have plans to sell down coal. So we will continue to manage this portfolio to optimize its value for our shareholders, and we'll see how that develops. Right now, our focus is really on filling up the gas tanks.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. Understood. Thank you very much.
Andres Gluski: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We currently have no further questions. I would like to hand over to Ahmed Pasha for any final remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you. Thanks everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Next week, we look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Conference. Thanks again. And have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you so much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the AES Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2021 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can also be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our second quarter financial review call. Today I will discuss our progress today on a number of key strategic objectives. Before turning the call over to our CFO, Gustavo Pimenta, to discuss our financial results in more detail. We had an excellent second quarter with a 24% increase in adjusted EPS from the second quarter of 2020. And a record 1.8 gigawatts of renewables under long-term contracts added to our backlog, bringing our total to 8.5 gigawatts. We remain on track to achieve 7% to 9% average annual growth in adjusted EPS and parent-free cash flow through 2025. I will give more color on our accomplishments while covering the following three themes shown on slide four. One, the growth and transformation of our U.S. utilities; two, our rapidly growing renewables business; and three, our strategic advantage from innovation. As you may recall, during our Investor Day in March, we outlined our plan to invest $2.3 billion to transform our two U.S. utilities, AES Ohio and AES Indiana. During the second quarter, we concluded key outstanding regulatory proceedings at both of our U.S. utilities, clearing the path for investment in the latest technologies, which will enable us to deliver a higher level of service and reduce carbon emissions. At the core of our efforts is a focus and deep understanding of the digital tools that vastly improve customer experience and enable the integration and orchestration of diverse and distributed renewable resources. Starting with AES Ohio on Slide five, where we expect to nearly double the rate base by growing 12% annually to 2025. Recently, we made a substantial headway on outstanding regulatory filings. First, the Commission approved as Ohio stipulation allowing predictable cash flows at investment in Smart Grid initiatives over the next four years. And second, AES Ohio also received approval for the FERC regulated formulary allowing recovery of transmission investments. Now moving on to AES Indiana on Slide six, where we're investing 1.5 billion over the next five years as part of our grid modernization program and our transition to more renewables-based generation. We recently received regulatory approval for our 195-megawatt Hardy Hills solar project. And we announced an agreement to acquire the Petersburg solar project, which includes 250 megawatts of solar and 100 megawatt hours of energy storage. We expect to grow the rate base at AES Indiana by more than 7% annually. With many of the key regulatory approvals behind us, we're now positioned to execute on our utility modernization and decarbonization programs, which have been years in the making. Now turning to the second theme of renewables growth on Slide seven, last year was a record-breaking year of renewable contracts for us with over three gigawatts sign. So far this year, we have already signed almost three gigawatts of contracts for wind, solar and energy storage, nearly double the amount at the same time last year. More than 90% of the new contracts are in the U.S. And we are well on our way towards achieving or exceeding our target of four gigawatts for 2021. At the same time, more than 80% are with C&I customers, negotiated on a bilateral basis. Our new projects will yield after tax returns at the project level, in line with our low teens average for the U.S. and mid to high teens internationally. Our progress so far this year, includes our recent agreement to acquire 612 megawatts of operating wind assets in New York, as shown on Slide eight. New York State's supportive renewables policies, combined with the scarcity of wind projects in the northeast, provides us with several pathways for long-term attractive cash flows to support repowering by 2025. This wind acquisition complements our solar and energy storage pipeline, providing us with another resource to offer diversified and differentiated products to our consumers. Turning to Slide nine, we're particularly pleased with our ability to advance new plant energy products. This year, we announced the world's first ever large scale 24/7 carbon free energy netted on an hourly basis, supplying Google's Virginia data centers. We see this concept of real-time renewable generation, as opposed to the purchase of offsetting renewable credits as the new highest standard in clean energy. We have since replicated similar structures with other large-scale customers, helping them to achieve their sustainability targets, while supporting our renewables growth goals, or a total of 1.5 gigawatts of these clean energy products signed or awarded thus far this year. We see these innovative carbon free energy products as examples of our unique advantages, both in our technical and commercial abilities, as well as our culture working together with customers to understand their specific needs. Turning to Slide 10, with nearly three gigawatts of renewables and energy storage project added this year, we now have a backlog of 8.5 gigawatts, including 2.5 gigawatts currently under construction. We expect to bring 1.4 gigawatts online during the remainder of 2021. The strength of our U.S. renewables growth in the rapidly expanding market will support achieving our goal of having 50% of our earnings from renewables and utilities and 50% of our earnings from the U.S. by 2025. We also continue to aggressively grow our pipeline of early mid and late stage development projects to support future growth. As you can see, on Slide 11, we now have a pipeline of 37 gigawatts among the largest in the world. More than 60% of this pipeline is in the U.S., including eight gigawatts in the hottest market in the country, California. Now to decarbonization on Slide 12. Last month, AES Andes announced a 1.1 gigawatts of coal-fired generation would be voluntarily retired as soon as January 2025. And will be replaced with 2.3 gigawatts of newly contracted renewables. Since 2017, we have announced the sale or retirement of almost 12 gigawatts of coal-fired generation, which is among the largest programs of any American company. I'm pleased to report that these exits along with our substantial renewable additions, [indiscernible] generation from coal to approximately 20% of total generation on a pro forma basis, an additional reduction of five percentage points since last quarter. I would like to address two key concerns that we're hearing from investors related to growth in renewables. Inflationary pressures and supply chain bottlenecks. As one of the largest global renewable developers with a strong reputation, we have a long history of successfully negotiating strategic supply agreements, resulting in preferential access and pricing. Furthermore, we lock in the hardware prices, when we sign the PPA, sheltering us from future price fluctuations, with 90% of the equipment needed for 8.5 gigawatts backlog already secured, we feel very comfortable in our ability to execute on our strong pipeline over the short and medium-term. Now turning to Slide 13, and a third theme of innovation. As our entire sector continues to rapidly evolve, we increasingly find that there is a competitive advantage for those who are able to effectively incorporate new technologies and business models. For example, we have benefited significantly from our energy storage business, which we started over 10 years ago, and which now is one of the largest in the industry. There are important synergies between our core businesses and technology ventures. For example, this year, about half of our renewable energy PPAs include an energy storage component. Last month, once again, we were awarded the highest honor in the power and utility sector, the Edison award from the Edison Electric Institute. For our work, developing energy storage, as a cost effective alternative to new gas peaking plants. Specifically, the award was for the AES Alamitos Battery Energy Storage System, consisting of 400 megawatt hours of energy storage, it can supply power to 10s of 1000s of homes in milliseconds. This is our seventh Edison award overall. And third U.S. Edison award over the last decade, I would like to note that we have won many more Edison awards than any other company in recent years. Turning to Slide 14, we also continue to build on our prior success in creating technology [unit growth] [ph]. For example, we have previously mentioned our strategic investment in 5B, a prefabricated solar solution company that has patented technology, allowing solar projects to be built in a third of the time and on half as much land while being resistant to hurricane force winds. We continue to grow 5Bs footprint across several markets, including the U.S., Puerto Rico, Chile and Panama. And they're now expanding into India, where we are working with domestic partners to establish local manufacturing. We hope India will enable 5B to reach a much greater scale much more quickly, which combined with our leading work in robotics construction, will help us lower all in solar costs, as we advance on the learning curve. Turning to Slide 15. Similarly, we continue to benefit from our investment in Uplight, which provides cloud-based energy efficiency solutions to more than 110 million households and businesses through its numerous utility customers, including AES Ohio and AES Indiana. In July, we closed the previously announced transaction with Schneider Electric, and a group of investors that valued Uplight at $1.5 billion. In conclusion, we're very pleased with our progress to-date, across all of our key strategic initiatives. Not only are we well positioned to achieve all of our financial goals but we are on track to hit our transformational targets of more than 50% of our earnings from renewables and utilities and more than 50% from the U.S., while having less than 10% of our generation from coal by 2025. I will now turn the call over to Gustavo Pimenta, our CFO.
Gustavo Pimenta: Thank you, Andrés and good morning everyone. As Andrés mentioned, we are making excellent progress this year. Having already achieved significant milestones on our strategic and financial objectives. We are pleased to see the continued economic recovery across our markets driven by the reopening of local economies. In Latin America, many of our clients continue to benefit from records steel, copper and soybean prices, resulting in a significant improvement in electricity demand across our businesses. This also reflect in our day sales outstanding, which remain at a historically low levels. Turning to our financial results for the second quarter on Slide 17. Adjusted EPS was up 24% to $0.31, primarily reflecting execution on our growth plan, demand recovery at our U.S. utilities and parent interest savings. This positive drivers were partially offset by lower contributions from Chile and Brazil, and a slightly higher adjusted tax rate. Turning to Slide 18, adjusted pre-tax contribution or PTC was $303 million for the quarter, an increase of $65 million versus the second quarter of 2020. I will discuss the key drivers of our second quarter results in more detail beginning on Slide 19. In the U.S. and utilities strategic business units or SBU, PTC was up $71 million, driven primarily by the demand recovery that our utilities, higher contributions for about one gigawatts of new renewable assets and the commencement of power purchase agreements or PPAs at Southland Energy in California. Turning to Slide 20, we are very encouraged to see material recovery consistent demand at our U.S. utilities. For Q2 on a weather normalized basis, demand at AES Ohio is up 9% and demand at AES Indiana is up 4%. The net combined volume in Ohio and Indiana is largely back to 2019 pre-COVID levels. This recovery is mainly driven by higher load from commercial and industrial customers this year as a result of the reopening of local businesses. Separately in California, our 2.3 gigawatts Southland legacy units are well positioned to contribute to the state's pressing energy needs and its transition to a more sustainable carbon free future. In fact, the State Water Board is considering the California Energy Agency's recommendation for our 876-megawatt Redondo Beach facility to be extended for two years through 2023 to align with our remaining legacy units. This proposed expansion would be an upside to expectations for 2025. Now turning back to our quarterly results on Slide 21, at our South America SBU, lower PTC was mostly driven by recovery of expenses from customers in Chile in 2020. Lower equity earnings from workorder also in Chile and drier hydrology in Brazil. These impacts were partially offset by higher generation of the Chivor hydro plant in Colombia. Higher PTC at our Mexico, Central America and Caribbean or MCC SBU primarily reflects better hydrology in Panama, which was partially offset by the sale of Itabo in the Dominican Republic. Finally in Eurasia, PTC remained relatively flat. The impact from the sale of OPGC in India was largely offset by lower interest expense in Bulgaria. Turning to Slide 24, with our first half results, we are on track to achieve our full year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.50 to $1.58. As we have discussed in the past, our typical quarterly earnings profile was more back hand weighted with roughly 40% of earnings occurring in the first half of the year. But also in the year to go, we will be primarily driven by 1.4 gigawatts of new renewables assets coming online in the remainder of the year, continued demand recovery across all markets, reduced interest expense and cost savings benefits. We are also reaffirming our expected 7% to 9% average annual growth targets through 2025. Now turning to our credit profile on Slide 25, strong credit metrics remain one of our top priorities. In the last four years, we obtained two to three notches of upgrades from the three credit rating agencies, including investment grade ratings from Fitch and S&P. We are also very encouraged by the recent change in outlook to positive on our BA1 one rating at Moody's. These actions validate the strength of our business model and our commitment to improving our credit metrics. We expected positive momentum in these metrics to continue enabling us to reach BBB ratios by 2025. Now to our 2021 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 26, consistent with our private disclosures, sources shown on the left-hand side of the slide reflect approximately $2 billion of total discretionary cash. This includes $800 million of parent free cash flow, $100 million of proceeds received from the sale of the Itabo in the Dominican Republic and the successful issuance of the $1 billion of equity units in March. Now to uses on the right-hand side, we'll be returning $450 million to shareholders this year, consistent of our common share dividends and the coupon of the equity units. And we plan to invest approximately 1.4 billion to $1.5 billion in our subsidiaries, as we capitalize on attractive opportunities for growth. Approximately 60% of these investments are in global renewables, reflecting our success in originations during 2020 and our expectations for 2021. And about 25% of these investments are in our U.S. utilities to fund rate base growth with a continued focus on grid and fleet modernization. In the first half of the year, we invested approximately $700 million primarily in renewables, which is roughly 50% of our expected investments for the year. In summary, we are making significant progress on executing on the strategic and financial objectives, we laid out in our Investor Day in March positioning AES as the leader in the energy transition, while delivering superior returns to our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. In summary, the world has decided to seriously tackle climate change. And this is driving unprecedented and accelerating growth in demand for renewables and energy efficiency applications and services. In relative terms, I don't believe anyone is better positioned than AES to capitalize on this once in a lifetime transformation of our sector. We have a proven track record of success, we have the most innovative new products and an 8.5 gigawatt backlog and the 37-gigawatt pipeline projects. All in all, we're enthusiastic about our future. And we will feel confident about delivering on our 7% to 9% average annual growth rate. Our core contracted generation and utility businesses have shown great resilience in the face of global and regional effects of COVID. Beyond our robust growth rates in earnings and cash flow from our core businesses, we are creating very significant value for our shareholders through our technology joint ventures. There has never been a better time for AES. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Julien Dumoulin Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Congratulations on developments year-to-date. I am very curious on the latest on the battery business and some of the strategic angles you're thinking about here. Can you talk about what's evolved around Fluence given the latest comments here? And then also at the same time, can you comment a little bit on the storage availability, I know you all have been making or taking some preemptive actions to ensure continued supply availability. But if you can comment on the latest backdrop would very much appreciated.
Andrés Gluski: Sure. Well, good morning, Julien. There's not too much I can comment other than the statement in our press release. In the past, I've talked about it that ensuring supply was very important to us and we have mentioned the strategic arrangement with Northvolt for European supply. So as I said in the call today, overall we feel very good about being able to have access to the equipment we need for our growth program, but I really can't comment much more on Fluence at this time.
Ahmed Pasha: Julien, are you there?
Operator: Julien, your line is still open. The next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Evercore ISI.
Angie Storozynski: So I'm just wondering, what is the reason for this acceleration in the renewable power generation that we're seeing year-to-date? Is it just because you're increasingly focused on C&I customers? Hence the higher than expected backlog year-to-date?
Andrés Gluski: Hi, Angie. That's a great question. I would say yes, as you can see, where we're focusing a lot on C&I. We have come up with innovative products, like the around the clock, carbon free energy. So as we mentioned in my speech, we have 1.5 gigawatts of new contracts just coming from similar products, to the one that we had announced with Google. So certainly, that is a big driver. The other thing of course, is we have a good pipeline of potential projects. So we're just finding that we're working very well with our clients, we have many repeat clients in terms of signing on new deals. So this second quarter was particularly strong in the U.S. And we see that as the most rapidly growing market. We're very well placed. So we feel good about it, we feel good about the product offerings that we have -- we feel good about our customer relations, and we feel good about our supply chain.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And secondly, I mean, it seems like you guys are starting to do projects, which I mean, you don't typically pursue like repowering of the wind farms in New York State, or the acquisition of renewable assets in Indiana from NextEra. I mean, is it just because, those are opportunistic deals that offer highest returns and those are not that traditional ground mount solar installations that you would physically pursue?
Andrés Gluski: Look, we're focused on satisfying our customers' needs, in this particular case, yes, Indiana. So if there was a better project in MISO that we need to put together to meet our transition towards more renewables. We will take it. So in many of our deals, we use a lot of required additionality. So we're building most of them. But there's no problem with acquiring somebody else's project to get the optimal mix from a risk. And also, I'd say production capability. So first, that's something that's inherent in our product offering. So we're really trying to solve the client's need. It's much less about sort of RFPs and busbar PPAs, that's what we're going after. In the case of New York, look, look, we don't have a lot of wind assets of ourselves. Other people have done a lot of wind assets repowering. We think this is an idea that the time has come with the technology. So we're doing some repowering on our old wind farms. But we saw this is a great opportunity in New York to repower. And again, this comes back to the idea that we want a mix of assets; wind, solar, energy storage, in some cases, even small hydro's to be able to deliver those sort of round the clock renewables. So think of it that way that, we're solving for what the customer wants. And we'll put the package of sources, whether we build them or we buy somebody else's project to satisfy that.
Angie Storozynski: Yes, very good. Again, an incredible start of the year. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Andrés, I appreciate you can't say much about points, but maybe I'm just kind of curious on the timing of the announcement here. So QIA sort of made their investment late last year. Are you seeing more growth opportunity, just walk us through some of your thought process and why now versus wait a couple of years, just anything along those lines?
Andrés Gluski: Honestly, I can't comment much on it. What I can refer you to what I've said in the past. And with QIA, I would say it's just not a financial investor. It's a strategic investment, which has investments in other very important companies, which can help this business. So I'll have to limit my comments to that, and I'm sorry.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. We'll leave that. Maybe just shifting gears to Chile. The last time, I remember there were some legislations on early retirements, you guys have kind of retired your coal plants. Can you talk about your exposure there as a percentage of the company as a whole, post the announcement of these coal retirements? And do you see any risks to margins and cash flow there in July?
Andrés Gluski: Look, overall, Chile is maybe like 15%. Remember that's AES Andes includes Colombia and includes 100%, renewable hydro in Colombia. AES Andes has done a remarkable transformation in terms of being a primarily coal -- contracted coal generator into by 2025, having very little coal. And a lot of green blend and extent, so this really gave us an in, was the ability to modify those contracts. So that a large proportion, if not, the majority of the energy would come from new contracted renewables, and you keep the coal for capacity. So this is, again, quite a remarkable transformation. So the last thing I would say is, regarding the potential legislation that's been -- I think, it's really, Chile is a serious country, they're really looking at how the grid can maintain its reliability with the retirement of these coal plants. So what we said is, look, we are willing to retire these plants, as soon as 2025 is really to give the grid operator the opportunity to have -- to ensure a reliable grid, we can shut them down sooner from our perspective. So I don't see, everything that we're doing is in our forecast, I'll pass it to Gustavo to make some more comments.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes. I guess I think the one thing that I would add is, after they announced retirement, the latest one that we've done, we are left with just two facilities for green blend and extend and retirement. So it's about 800 megawatt left and everything else has been announced. We've been able to implement green blend and an extent. So it's a substantially smaller share of where we were in there a couple years ago.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Sounds like a small portion of EBITDA cashflow, earnings, whatever comes from [July] [ph] post these retirements. Okay, thanks, guys. Great execution in the backlog and congratulations on getting [indiscernible] on the Board here.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Biju Perincheril with Susquehanna.
Biju Perincheril: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Andrés, you touched on some of the supply chain concerns, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about, how you might be impacted from the Hoshin, WRO, and maybe some of the steps you're taking to mitigate that impact?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, great question. Look, some of you, who follow us for a while, we're always very paranoid about our supply chain. That's why I think it was January of '20 -- February of 2020. We were talking about supply chain issues with COVID and how we're going to get ahead of it. So here, we've also been on top of this, they're obviously in the past year, there were supply chain issues with, imports, what was going to be the tariff on panels from China. And then, what was going to be the tariff, for example, on aluminum. So, could you manufacture locally? So we've been on top of this issue. So today, I'd say all of our solar panels coming into the states are not coming in from China, they're coming in from Malaysia. We do buy some U.S. panels as well, which are non-polysilicon. We're also working with top-notch -- only top-notch panel manufacturers, first tier and getting certificate so that none of the polysilicon comes from Hoshin, they could be associated in any way with forced labor. So that's where we are. This is a developing story. In the past what we've been able to do with the tariffs for example is to move panels that were coming to the stage, for example to Chile, and vice versa, to optimize the supply chain, so which quite frankly worked out very well. So if you look at what we're doing. We are certainly in solar, one of the top five, I would say in the country, in terms of new solar development. So we're very well positioned. We're on top of that. We have longstanding agreements and our suppliers are doing everything possible. I think I could add that in the future, we're going to -- we're making sure that the polysilicon would come from alternative sources like Germany or Korea. So that's in the works. But this does take a transition. So we're on top of that. And stay tuned, because, while we feel very good about our certification and all the rest it's a question of where does that polysilicon arrive? Can you prove it? So again, we are having as extensive affidavits from our suppliers as anybody on this matter. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks everybody, for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow up questions you may have. Thanks and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the AES Corporation Q1 2021 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Chief Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you. 
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Operator. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter 2021 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can also be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter financial review call. Our first quarter results put us on track to achieve our 2021 guidance and 7% to 9% average annual growth through 2025. Gustavo will provide more color on our financial results later in the call. As we spoke about on our Investor Day in early March, we see a great opportunity for growth. Given the momentum is changes in our sector. And we are very well positioned to capitalize on the shift to low carbon sources of energy. Over the past five years we have transformed our company to be a leader in renewable and we have invested in innovative technologies that will give us a competitive advantage for many years to come.  Although it has been less than two months since our Investor Day we had a number of significant achievements to announce, including a landmark deal with Google which I will describe in more detail later. A strategic collaboration to develop new battery technologies between Fluence and Northvolt the leading European supplier of sustainable battery systems and a significant increase in LNG sales in Central America and the Caribbean to support those economies in the transition away from heavy fuels. First let me lay out our strategic priorities for 2021 and the substantial progress that we have made year-to-date for the achieving those objectives.  Turning to Slide, our five key goals for the year are one signed contracts for 4 gigawatts of renewables. Two, launch the 24-7 product for carbon free energy on an hourly basis. Three, further unlock the value of our technology platforms. Four, continue to improve our ESG positioning through the transformation of our portfolio. And five, monetize excess LNG capacity in Central America and the Caribbean.  Turning to Slide 5 last year, we set and exceeded a goal of signing 2 to 3 gigawatts of PPAs for renewables and energy storage. This year we are increasing that goal by 60% to a target of 4 gigawatts. Today. I am pleased to report that year-to-date, we've already signed 1.1 gigawatt including a landmark deal with moving.  As you can see on Slide 6, we have a backlog of 6.9 gigawatts of renewables consisting of projects already under construction or under signed power purchase agreements or PPAs. This equates to 20% growth in our total installed capacity and a 60% increase in our renewables capacity.  Turning to Slide 7. We continue to increase our pipeline of projects to support our growth and now have a global pipeline of more than 30 gigawatts of renewable projects. What we, half of which is the United States. With increasing demand from corporate customers and a much more favorable policy environment, we expect the need for renewables to grow dramatically and we're taking steps to ensure a continued competitive advantage. Moving to Slide 8. Our second key goal for this year is to launch the first 24-7 energy product that matches a customer's load with carbon free energy on an hourly basis. To that end, earlier this week, we announced a landmark first of its kind agreement to supply Google's Virginia-based data centers with 24-7 carbon free energy source from a portfolio of 500 megawatts of renewables. Under this innovative structure AES will become the sole supplier of the datacenters energy needs. Ensuring that the energy supplied will meet carbon free targets when measured on an hourly basis for the next 10 years.  The carbon free energy will come from an optimized portfolio of wind, solar, hydro and battery storage resources. This agreement has a new standard in carbon free energy for commercial and industrial customers who signed 23 gigawatts of PPAs in 2020. As we discussed at our Investor Day we almost 300 companies that make up the RE 100 will need more than 100 gigawatts of new renewables by 2030. This transaction with Google demonstrate that a higher sustainability standard is possible. And we expect a substantial portion of customers to pursue 24-7 carbon free objectives. Based on our leadership position, we are well placed to serve this growing market. And in fact, we've already seen significant interest from a number of large clients. Turning to Slide 9, our third key goal is to further unlock the value of our technology platforms. One of these platforms is Uplight and energy efficiency, software company that works directly with utility and has access to more than a 100 million households and businesses in the US. Uplight is at the forefront of the shift to low-carbon and digital solutions on the cloud. In March, we announced a capital raise with a consortium led by Schneider Electric valuing Uplight at 1.5 billion. Now to Slide 10. We are seeing increasing value in many of our other technology platforms as well. Fluence our joint venture with Siemens are a global leader in energy storage, which is a key component of the energy transition. This dynamic industry is expected to grow 40% annually and Fluence is well positioned to capitalize on this immense opportunity through its distinct competitive advantages including its AI enabled leading engine.  Turning to Slide 11, as you may have seen last month Fluence announced a multi-year agreement with Northvolt the leading European battery developer and manufacturer for assured supply and to co-develop next-generation battery technology. This is an example of Fluence is continued innovation, which has been validated by the consistent rank as the number one utility scale energy storage technology company, according to guide house insight. Similarly, we see the rapid progress of our prefab solution 5B as you can see on Slide 12. This technology double the energy density and cuts construction time by 2/3. We now have 5G projects in Australia, Panama and Chile. We will be, including 5G technology in our business in Puerto Rico. Or it's proven resilience to Category 4 hurricane winds will provide greater energy security. Proving out the unique value proposition of 5G could significantly speed up the adoption of solar in cyclone prone areas. Lastly, we continue to work towards the approval of the first large-scale green hydrogen based ammonia plant in the Western Hemisphere in Chile.  Moving to Slide 13 we have undergone one of the most dramatic transformations in our sector. Over the past five years, we have announced the retirement or sale of 10.7 gigawatts of coal or 70% of our coal capacity one of the largest reductions in our sector. We recognize that we have more work to do and have set a goal of reducing our generation from coal to less than 10% of total generation by 2025 furthermore, we expect to achieve net zero emissions from electricity by 2040 one of the most ambitious goals of any power company. As we achieve decarbonization targets and continuing our near-term growth in renewables. We anticipate being included in additional ESG oriented indices.  Finally, turning to Slide 14 we see natural gas as a transition fuel that can lower emissions and reduce overall energy costs as markets work for the future with more renewable power. Last month, we reached an agreement to provide terminal services for an additional 34 tera BTUs of LNG throughput under a 20-year take-or-pay contract. This will bring our total contracted terminal capacity in Panama and the Dominican Republic to almost 80%. There are 45 tera BTUs of available capacity remaining. We expect to sign in the next couple of years. Our LNG business is focused on providing environmentally responsible LNG or Green LNG as soon as feasible which ensures the lowest levels of the missions throughout the entire supply chain.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Gustavo Pimenta, our CFO. 
Gustavo Pimenta : Thanks Andrés and good morning everyone. As Andrés mentioned, we are off to a good start this year having already achieved significant milestones towards the strategic and financial objectives that we discussed on our Investor Day. We are also encouraged by the continued economic recovery across our markets with demand in line with pre-COVID levels.  Turning to our financial results for the quarter. As you can see on Slide 16 adjusted pre-tax contribution or B2C was $247 million for the quarter which was very much in line with our expectations and similar to last year's performance. I'll discuss the key drivers of our first quarter results and outlook for the year in the following slides. Turning to Slide 17 adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.28 versus $0.29 last year. With adjusted PTC essentially flat. The $0.01 decrease in adjusted EPS was the result of a slightly higher effective tax rate this quarter. In the US and utilities, the Strategic Business Units or SBU, PTC was down $27 million driven primarily by a lower contribution from our legacy units at Southland and higher spend in our clean energy business as we accelerate our development pipeline given the growing market opportunities. There is impacts were partially offset by the benefits from the commencement of PPAs at the Southland energy combined cycle gas turbines or CCGTs.  At our South America SBU, B2C was down $31 million mostly driven by lower contributions from AES Andes [ph] formerly known as AES Hamer [ph], due to higher interest expense and lower equity earnings from the Guacolda plant in Chile. These impacts were partially offset by higher generation at the Chivor or hydro plant in Colombia. Lower PTC at our Mexico Central America and the Caribbean or MCC, as we primarily reflects outages at two facilities in Domenic Republic and Mexico with both already back online since April. Results also reflect the expiration of the 72 megawatt barge PPA in Panama. Finally in Eurasia higher PTC reflects improved operational performance and lower interest expense in our Bulgaria businesses.  Now to Slide 22. With our first quarter results, we are on track to achieve our full-year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.50 to $1.58 . Our expected 2021 quarterly earnings profile is consistent with the average of the last five years. Our typical quarterly earnings is more back-end weighted with roughly 40% of the earnings occurred in the first half of the year and the remaining in the second half. Growth in the year to go will be primarily driven by contributions from new businesses including a full years of operations of the Southland repowering project, 2.3 gigawatt of projects in our backlog coming online during the next nine months. Reduced interest expense, the benefits from cost savings and the Med normalization to pre-COVID levels. We are also reaffirming our expected 7% to 9% average annual growth target through 2025. Now turning to our credit profile on Slide 23, as discussed at our Investor Day, strong credit metrics remain one of our top priorities. In the last four years we obtained two to three notches of upgrades from the three credit rating agencies, including investment grade rating from Fitch and S&P. This action validates the strength of our business model and our commitment to improving our credit metrics. We expect the positive momentum in these metrics to continue enabling the strategic BBB flat credit metrics by 2025. Now to our 2021 parent capital allocation plan on the Slide 24. Consistent with the discussion at our Investor Day sources reflect approximately $2 billion of total discretionary cash including $800 million of parent-free cash flow and $100 million of proceeds from the sale of the table [ph] in the Dominican Republic which just closed in April. Sources also include the successful issuance of the $1 billion of equity units in March. Eliminating the need for any additional equity raise to fund our current growth plan through June, 25. Now to uses on the right hand side we'll be returning $350 million to shareholders this year. This consists of our common share dividend, including the 5% increase we announced in December and the coupon of the equity units. And we plan to invest approximately $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion in our subsidiaries, as we capitalize on attractive growth opportunities. Approximately 60% of investments are in global renewable, reflecting our success in renewables origination during 2020 and our expectations for 2021. About 25% of the investments are in our US utilities to fund rate base growth with a continued focus on grid and fleet modernization. In the first quarter, we invested approximately $450 million in renewables, which is roughly 1/3 of our expected investment for the year.  In summary, 85% of our investments are going into the US utilities and global renewables helping us to achieve our goal of increasing the proportion of earnings from the US to more than half and from carbon for businesses to about 2/3 by 2025. The remaining 50% of our investments will go towards green LNG and other innovative opportunities that support and accelerate the energy transition. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andrés. 
Andrés Gluski : Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions let me summarize today's call. As I have noted we have made great progress on our 2021 and long-term strategic goals and we are reaffirming our 2021 guidance and expectations through 2025. We see a tremendous opportunity for growth and further increasing our technological leadership as the industry transition unfolds. From advancing our renewables to unlocking the value of our new technology businesses we have a competitive advantage that will continue to benefit our customers and investors.  With that I would like to open up the call to your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Richard Sunderland from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Richard Sunderland: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to start off on the North agreement and what it could be the Fluence and maybe the energy storage market more broadly and kind of curious on the development front itself is this more sort of iterative development work or further up the installment curve?
Andrés Gluski : Yes, that's a great question. This is really a landmark agreement as we move to essentially have strategic relationships with battery manufacturers. So Northvolt is building a new plant in Sweden. And in Poland and we will have one train of the plant in Poland producing batteries for us. So as this market expands and as you have a real growth in demand this assures battery supply for one of our markets. And also I would say Europe, Middle East, Africa and in addition, we will not only have supply of batteries and again dedicated train to us, but we will also be working with Northvolt. So you have the new developments in battery. So in terms as battery technology develops as you have better chemistry, as we say fine-tune our cube stacked design. We will have joint development of additional improve batteries on multiple fronts. So this is a, I think, a very interesting development of getting a little bit more involved, that's a one-step prior to just being the integrator and providing the control softwares.
Richard Sunderland: Got it, thank you for the color. And then, separately, thinking about this Google deal, you would have the ability to replicate that with other C&I customers, I know you mentioned some interest already. And I guess curious alongside that's some aspects around the agreement itself, whether you -- this is about having the right assets and the right location to procure or, you know, about the energy kind of management angle as well.
Andrés Gluski: Or, you know, it's both in a sense, so let me take the second part first, explain a little bit what the product is. So the product really -- that the key point is that we're netting on an hourly basis, a, you know, carbon-free energy. So, this is -- you know, most contracts. Prior to this, virtually all, are really netting, you know, to be on a yearly basis could be, et cetera. So you have an excess purchases of renewables during certain hours, but you're actually using non-renewables during other hours, obviously, when you don't have the production of the renewables. This is actually saying, "You know, on an hourly basis, the energy that I'm getting is carbon free." So you ask -- you know the right question it's not just a question of, you know, having overbuild solar or overbuilt wind, it's really how do you manage these different sources of energy, you know, not only to ensure that it's carbon free, but to minimize the cost? So you know, when are you buying -- When are you using wind? When are you using solar? And the real key to make this happen is adding hydro -- small hydros and adding, of course, battery storage? So it's really how do you optimize multiple uses of -- multiple sources of renewable energy to provide the lowest cost guaranteed carbon-free energy netted on an hourly basis? So behind this offer, there's a lot of math, a lot of algorithms, a lot of risk management. And we think that, you know, this is a deal that with Google itself, you know, we had a $1 billion -- I sorry, one gigawatts agreement to the first 500 and we expect it to grow as demand in these data center grows. But, of course, there are other corporate clients that are interested in this. And you know, we've seen interest from. So as people, I would say up their environmental goals, and saying, well, we're going to be net zero carbon emissions on a global scale, and really having an hourly netting.  This is really the only product on the market. So, of course, those companies that have the highest environmental standards are interested in this product. So it's a -- we think, a very interesting development, and one that we expect to replicate with multiple clients.
Richard Sunderland: Great. Thank you for the time today.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just -- I wanted to start with the 0.21 target. You know, Analyst Day, you guys were targeting three to four gigawatts of PPAs this year. And now it sort of seems like it's 4 [ph]. I just want to make sure I'm understanding that correctly. Is that just because you had a strong start? And now you're expecting 4 instead of 24 [ph] at the Analyst Day?
Andrés Gluski: But, yes, I mean, we did three in 2019 and 2020. We're seeing a strong start, you know, not only inside PPAs, but the deals we have in progress. So we feel sufficiently confident to say that, you know, we expect to be at the upper end of our initial guidance range of 3 or 4 [ph]. So we expect to be and four gigawatts of new renewable PPAs signed in 2021.
Durgesh Chopra: That's perfect. Thank you for clarifying that, Andrés. Maybe this -- can I get your thoughts on competition. And there's, obviously, there's all a lot of us, sort of domestic players in the market. You're seeing a lot of international competition. Maybe just any thoughts as you sort of compete with these PPAs, what's the competition like and sort of, you know, what's your competitive advantage?
Andrés Gluski: All -- we do see, you know, a lot of competition out there in the market. Our strategy has been to offer more value to our clients. So we don't want to just compete for commoditized, you know, thus, far, renewable PPAs. So we have several competitive advantages. And, of course, with our knowledge of energy storage, you know, we have been really a leader in the new applications for energy storage, not only through influence in terms of the new design, but you know, A.I., bidding -- enabled bidding engines, and how do we combine them? So, the Google deal is a perfect example of how we brought together multiple energy sources -- renewable energy sources, and provided a unique product to a very demanding client. So that's our angle. Our angle is really you know, how we bring these things together? How we create more value for the client? And I think very importantly, is that we co-create with our clients.  So this was a joint project with Google that, you know, reflects more than a year's work. It's just like what we did in Kauai, what was really sort of the first sort of 24/7 solar energy storage product offering. We co-developed it with the Kauai Island utility cooperative. So that's our unique angle. So again, we see more deals like this Google deal, and more ways of working with clients to provide more value, and just not a commoditized product. So, the other advantage we have is, we started working on our pipeline. So we have a pipeline of 30 gigawatts, globally. We have a pipeline of more than 15 gigawatts in the U.S. And, you know, pipeline is not an equally defined term across all players. What we mean a pipeline, these are projects that we can execute on. So we have a land bank, we've been buying land, we've been buying land rights, we've been getting interconnection rights, looking really at the overlay of like best solar irradiation, best interconnections with the grid. And in addition, you know, best wind sites. So you know, we feel very good. I mean, putting something together like we did for Google in Virginia, it's something that we can replicate in other markets, where we have big presence, whether it be New York, whether it be California, that we don't think other people can present. So I think we're very well situated. And we also have some other angles that people don't have, that are very new. One I'll mention is 5B, 5B allows us to double the energy density. So think about that if you need to locate 100 megawatts of energy, we can do it in a space, other people can do it in 15, we can build it in a third of the time.  Now 5B, you know, the MAVERICK product is still early in its stage of development. We still have to massify to drive down costs and prove it out. But it has unique characteristics, not only the ones I've mentioned, but in Australia, it has been tested in actual life situations, like category four hurricane winds. And that's something that conventional solar cannot do. So we feel very optimistic of offering this suite of technologies, and also a unique way of bringing them together and also a unique way of working with clients.
Durgesh Chopra: That's great. Thank you for that color, Andrés. Lots of exciting talk. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks for the time. 
Andrés Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the mind of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hey, good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Byrd: Wanted to talk through supply chain stresses. We regularly get questions just throughout the whole renewables value chain about, you know, shortages, cost increases, et cetera, and I respect that sort of the Northvolt agreement is one example of many ways that you've, you know, ensure availability. But, I guess, broadly put across, you know, solar, across the balance of system class stores, et cetera. Are you seeing any stresses on supply chain for you all any impacts from that broadly?
Andrés Gluski: No, that's a great question. And as you know, we've been, I think, always very concerned about this. You know, when we talk to, you know, beginning of last year, about COVID at the time, and we said look, you know, we were concerned about supply from Asia, and you know, the possible effects of COVID on the supply chain, even here in the States. So, you know, we've been on top of this. But right now we're not seeing any real supply constraints, whether it be on batteries, whether it be on solar panels, whether we see on wind turbines. However, if you look at the growth plans that are reflected in, for example, the Biden's renewable energy agenda. And you see what utilities are talking about, they're seeing a dramatic increase in demand. And we think that that could be a problem in the future. So we're getting out ahead of this. And, you know, I think, you know, it's not only the physical supplies that, you know, we're talking about. But it could be things like land, for example, you know, how many megawatts of readily available land is there to meet this great need. So right now, we're not seeing it safe. But we're on top of it. And that's what we're making the kind of strategic agreements like Northvolt. You know, expect more, I would say because that, we think, is a key element. And we expect this market to grow very rapidly. And we think you have to be thinking about that now, at all angles, whether it be people, you know, land interconnections? I don't see -- and I think we've spoken about it in the past, you know, energy storage, playing a role in eliminating transmission constraints. So that's an exciting new area that needs to be developed. And really, isn't that. So getting to your answer, we're not seeing it today. We're on top of it. I do expect there to be a pinch if sometime in the future, when I don't know, you know, going to be 12 months could be 18 months. But we're preparing for that possibility.
Stephen Byrd: That's really helpful. And maybe shifting gears to 5B, you know, you've spoken about this before. You laid it out again today. And I'm just curious, your latest thoughts in terms of as you think about the growth of a 5B, whether that this is going to be is there a potential given just how beneficial this approach is that this is something that's similar to other technologies you develop that you can broadly monetize, broadly market and sell? Or is this something more for your own purposes over time? How like -- how broad could this be? And is this another candidate that could be monetized over time?
Andrés Gluski: You know I love the question. So you know, we've had -- my counting four unicorns, you know, small companies, in fact with more than $1 billion valuation. I think our secret sauce has been to buy small companies. And then some of them we bought for, you know, $20 million, $30 million, initial investment, and now are worth more than $1 billion. And what's the secret sauce? The secret sauce really is -- one, we give them a platform for massive expansion; two, we work with them to create new applications. So we're not just a client, it's like we are co-developing and creating new uses for this technology. So we allow it to grow fast, we allow it to grow new areas. But equally important, we're able to keep the entrepreneurial spirit of these businesses. So in other words, even though we're a big company, we make a real effort not to smother them, you know, and let them run as much as possible on their own.  Now, we made a philosophical decision years ago, that just to use it on our own platform, while that gives us a temporary advantage limits the growth of this new technology. And, quite frankly, a lot of this has to do with massive buying them to really drive down costs. You know, energy storage is a lot cheaper today, because we massified it. You know, we're in 29 countries, we have 5.6 gigawatts in 29 countries that we either built, or we're providing control systems, you know, bidding platforms. So, that's -- you know, that's quite large and allows us to learn from that. So with 5B, it's the same. You know, we will have certain kind of exclusivity in certain markets. But, no, this will be available to the broader market overtime. So what we're doing with 5B is again, massive, buying it, proving it out. And then eventually, we will, it will be available to other players as well. So for example, today in Australia, other people are using 5B technology.  And I see it very similar to you know, our prior ventures, whether it be fluids, whether it be distributed energy that we have, whether it be up like [ph] that, you know, our philosophy is not just keep it to ourselves, just keep it to our own platform, but expand it more broadly. So, it's interesting; we make money but we make money for our shareholders in two ways. One is our platforms, which we are shifting from fossil fuels to renewables and there you can value us on cash flow, earnings per share et cetera. But at the same time we're creating value in these new technology companies, and those have a different valuation and the different value creation and that's why, selling to third parties is so important to maximize the value of them. Now the fact is that having the link between AES and these startups is key because as I said we mutually beneficial to create value. We help them grow. They help us to really be a leading-edge technology provider. If we didn't have the knowledge of batteries that we have, we wouldn't have done the budget deal. So there are two ways that we're creating value here with these new companies.
Stephen Byrd: Really helpful. Thanks so much. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Peters from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
David Peters: Hey, good morning guys. I was just curious on the strategic alliance with Google, are you guys still working on similar agreements and locations beyond Virginia. I guess I'm just wondering how far you expect kind of the scope of that particular dealer Alliance to reach?
Andrés Gluski : What I can say is really that we had an initial agreement, which we had talked about that we really the sort of RFP for one gigawatt that has, I would say developed if you willing to the deal that we have announced. We expect to expansion of that energy provided over time as their needs grow and again, we have this unique product that we will offer to then and other clients at this stage in time. So that's all I really can say at this stage of the game. 
David Peters: Okay. And then maybe just on some of the other products you have in the works. Is there been any updates on the hydrogen study in Chile or we're in Vietnam, the LNG and CCGT projects, I guess since Investor Day.
Andrés Gluski : Look regarding first the green hydrogen really green ammonia project in Chile. We continue to work with our partner on the feasibility study. So where it goes on and as I said, we'll probably have news before the end of the year one way or the other. So it's really a matter of, can we get the cost down to be competitive with grey or blue hydrogen products. So I'm optimistic, we're working hard, stay tuned. Regarding Vietnam. It's the same thing. We continue to work towards a new LNG terminal, which would be 450 or so Terra BTUs. So, more than double what we have between Panama and the Dominican Republic, and there is an associated 0.2 gig watts of combined cycle gas plants. So not that progress continues on that were part of the government's plan realize at this facility will avoid the construction of many, many coal plants, and I also mentioned that we will be as soon as feasible moving towards, providing green hydrogen, which basically means that it certified that it doesn't, it has less a certain amount of leakage from production to delivery, and we think that's very important to really reap the climate advantages of natural gas versus say other heavy fossil fuels. 
David Peters: Great, thank you for your time. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Charles Fishman from Morningstar. Please go ahead. 
Charles Fishman: Good morning, Andreas. I wanted to follow up on that Vietnam questions first of all recent strength then crude oil prices help you in the development of that project in Vietnam. I would think. I appreciate there is some coal plants there but it is in a lot of the competition, or at least that you'd be replacing residual fuel for power generation in that region. And yes the strength of the crude oil price help in that?
Andrés Gluski : Our RLNG business is really tolling in Central America and the Caribbean. So we get a tolling fee. We're not taking direct commodity risk now of course the bigger the spread between Henry Hub and world oil prices especially WTI, the more tolling will do at the margins in a lot of these take-or-pay agreements. So what we've announced is take or pay. So we're not so directly affect but all things being equal, a bigger spread between natural gas and oil is favorable, will do at the margin, some more. In Vietnam this is a project which is very much needed because they had been relying on offshore gas and that's running out, so this will, it has an immediate demand unlike say Dominican Republic and Panama, where we had to develop to demand [ph]. So you have to bring in gas to feed the existing combined cycles. So I really don't see it as much as directly as oil price gas play. Again at the margin, you could have more industries converter more transportation convert to compressed natural gas or other forms, but not really. These were tolling agreements and in Vietnam, the demand is there, it doesn't have to be created but again, as [indiscernible].
Charles Fishman: As I recall, the Vietnam project doesn't enter into the 7.9% through 2025 that's really 25 events and beyond correct?
Andrés Gluski : That's correct?
Charles Fishman: Okay, thank you. That's all I have. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like turn the conference back to Ahmed Pasha for closing comments. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thanks again and have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the AES Corporation Q4 2020 Financial Review Conference Call. Today, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a further reminder, today's event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ahmed Pasha: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can also be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2020 financial review call. This morning, I will provide an update on our major financial and strategic accomplishments, which position us well for the future. Some of you may recall that last year, I set out three short-term catalysts for our stock: hitting our numbers, getting a second investment-grade rating, and becoming Norges Bank coal generation compliant. In 2020, we delivered on all three metrics and set ourselves up for continued progress. First, let me talk about hitting our numbers. We delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.44, which was above our guidance range of $1.32 to $1.42. Our parent free cash flow came in at $777 million, which also exceeded the top end of our range of $725 million to $775 million. Second, in November, S&P upgraded us to an investment grade rating of BBB-, joining Fitch, which had upgraded us in 2019. Third, by selling a retiring coal plant and building new renewables, we will reduce the percentage of megawatt hours being produced by coal plants to 25% on a pro forma basis, which is comfortably below Norges Bank threshold of 30%. All of these results reflect the resilience of our business model, which is anchored on long-term dollar denominated contracts with investment grade off-takers and U.S. regulated utilities. In addition to these achievements, in 2020 we continue to advance our leadership in innovation and new green technologies. We signed 3 gigawatts of long-term contracts for renewables, which is also at the top end of our range of guidance of 2 gigawatts to 3 gigawatts. As you can see on Slide 4, these 3 gigawatts of new renewable PPAs are mostly in the U.S. and South America. In the U.S., we have merged our two development companies AES Distributed Energy and sPower into one entity, AES Clean Energy, to better take advantage of synergies and economies of scale. In South America, our renewables growth was fueled in part by the continued success of our Green Blend and Extend negotiations, which combined new renewables with existing long-term conventional capacity contracts. With the addition of these 3 gigawatts of new PPAs, our current backlog of projects reached 6.9 gigawatt as shown on Slide 5. About half of the total solar and most of the remainder is wind and energy storage; 100% of our backlog is renewable. We expect to bring almost 4 gigawatts of this backlog online in 2021, one of the largest capacity additions in AES' history. Finally, turning to Slide 6. Fluence, our joint venture with Siemens to provide energy storage systems, maintained its global leadership position and signed 785 MW of new capacity. Its revenues grew 400% versus the prior year and they acquired AMS' leading AI-enabled bidding software business. A capital raise was also announced with the Qatar Investment Authority, which will provide funds to further accelerate the development of its digital product offerings and the deployment of its systems around the world. As you can see, we are very well positioned to continue our solid renewables growth, aggressive decarbonization and deployment of leading technology innovations. The electricity sector is changing rapidly and we will be providing a comprehensive view of AES' long-term plans and opportunities in this new environment, next Wednesday, March 3 at our Investor Day. Now let me turn the call over to Gustavo, who will provide more color on our financial results for 2020 and guidance for 2021.
Gustavo Pimenta: Thank you, Andrés, and good morning everyone. Today, I'll cover the following key topics: our financial performance during the fourth quarter and full year 2020, our capital allocation initiatives in 2020, and our 2021 guidance. As Andrés mentioned, our results for 2020 highlighted the resilience of our business model. We delivered a strong financial performance while navigating challenging macro conditions, including the impacts of lower demand due to COVID-19 and a record dry hydrology in Colombia. We finished the year on a strong note, setting a solid foundation for continued growth. Turning to Slide 8. Full year adjusted EPS of $1.44 exceeded the top end of our guidance range and was at the midpoint of our regional pre-COVID guidance range. As I noted, the key negative impacts on our results were from lower demand and adverse hydrology. Our generation business, which accounts for more than 80% of our earnings, is largely insulated from demand fluctuations. However, as we have discussed in the past, our U.S. utilities did experience a reduction in demand due to the economic impact of the pandemic. Although there has been a gradual recovery in demand in the second half of 2020, the impact on a full year basis was approximately $0.04. Regarding hydrology, we experienced average hydrology in most of our markets, except in Colombia, where it was one of the worst hydrological years on record. The total impact of hydrology on our full year results was approximately $0.05 in South America, primarily in Colombia. We expected the hydrological conditions to be normal in Colombia in 2021, in line with the long-term historical average and have already observed this trend in the year-to-date. Despite the headwinds from these two areas, we are able to deliver on our full year guidance as a result of higher contributions from new businesses and improved operating performance in South America. We also benefited from our cost savings initiatives, interest expense savings, resulting from $7 billion of refinancings across the portfolio and a lower adjusted tax rate. Turning to Slide 9. Adjusted pretax contribution, or PTC, was $1.2 billion for the year, an increase of $7 million versus 2019. I will cover our results in more detail over the next four slides, beginning with the U.S. and Utilities SBU on Slide 10. As you may have seen yesterday, we have rebranded our U.S. Utilities, DP&L and IPL, to align with the new AES brand. So now on, these businesses will be known as AES Ohio and AES Indiana, respectively. In 2020, lower PTC at our U.S. and Utilities SBU reflects the impact of the reversion to ESP1 rates at AES Ohio in 2019 and lower demand at our utilities due to the impact of COVID-19 and milder weather. These impacts were partially offset by the benefit from the commencement of PPAs at the Southland Energy CCGTs as well as the contributions from new renewable projects. Higher PTC at our South America SBU was largely driven by higher contributions from AES Gener and a favorable revision of regulatory charge at AES Tiete in Brazil. These impacts were partially offset by drier hydrology and a planned major outage at the Chivor hydro plant in Colombia and the regulatory changes in Argentina in 2019. Lower PTC at our MCAC SBU primarily reflects the impact from insurance recovery in prior year as well as outages incurred in 2020 in Dominican Republic, partially offset by improved availability in hydrology in Panama. Finally, in Eurasia, higher results reflect lower interest expense due to the debt repayment in 2020 in Bulgaria, partially offset by the impact of businesses sold in the United Kingdom in 2019. Now turning to our credit profile on Slide 14. Our significantly reduced parent debt and growing free cash flow enabled us to improve our credit metrics by 400 basis points since 2018. At the end of 2020, our parent free cash flow to net debt ratio was 23%, well above the 20% threshold required for an investment-grade rating. Strong credit metrics remain one of our top priorities, and we continue to take steps to maintain and further improve upon current levels. Furthermore, we took advantage last year of a low interest rate environment and refinanced approximately $7 billion of debt across our portfolio, extending maturities and capturing annualized interest savings of $90 million. Now to our 2020 parent capital allocation on Slide 15. Beginning on the left-hand side, sources reflect $1.3 billion of total discretionary cash. Asset sales of $530 million reflect the net proceeds from the sale of OPGC and the sell-down of 35% of our interest in the Southland Repowering projects. Parent free cash flow of $777 million exceeded the top end of our expectation. Moving to uses on the right-hand side. Roughly, 1/3 of our discretionary cash was allocated to shareholder dividend and debt repayment. We invested $812 million in our subsidiaries, primarily in our renewables backlog, Southland repowering and AES Ohio. Approximately 90% of the total investments in subsidiaries were in the U.S., contributing to our goal of increasing the proportion of earnings from the U.S. to about half. Turning to our guidance on Slide 16. Today, we are initiating guidance for 2021 adjusted EPS of $1.50 to $1.58, in line with our average annual growth target of 7% to 9%. Parent free cash flow for 2021 is expected to be $775 million to $825 million, which is based on 7% growth from the midpoint of our 2020 expectation of $750 million. Key drivers of our expected growth in adjusted EPS in 2021 include: a full year of operations of our 1.3 gigawatt Southland Repowering project, which came online in mid-2020; continued growth in renewables, including 4 gigawatts expected to reach commercial operation this year; efficiency gains from cost savings in our digital initiatives; and an interest savings due to refinancing benefits and completed that reduction. We look forward to discussing our long-term growth rates and drivers with you all at our Investor Day next week. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. Thanks to the extraordinary dedication of our people and the resilience of our business model, we've met or exceeded all of our strategic and financial goals in 2020. We are very well positioned to capitalize on significant growth opportunities arising from the rapid transformation of our sector. As always, our primary focus is to continue to deliver superior returns to shareholders. We look forward to discussing our strategy and longer-term financial outlook with you at our Investor Day next Wednesday, March 3. With that, I would like to open up the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global.
Agnieszka Storozynski: So two quick questions, one on your of 21 guidance, what effective tax rate is embedded in that guidance and is this an indication that you are actually expecting lower effective tax going forward?
Gustavo Pimenta: So Angie, Gustavo. No, I think we are - I mean, we had a - this year, 2020 was particularly lower, around 23%. For 2021, we're expecting to go back to our original expectation on the mid-20s to high 20s.
Agnieszka Storozynski: And then one of the points, a drag, year-on-year drag on your '21 guidance is some GSF adjustment in Brazil. Could you explain?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes. So we had this positive gain there, but we also had especially in Colombia, some negative, call it, one-timer hit. So we had a life extension project there that was about $0.05 to $0.06 negative. So when you look at both businesses, they pretty much net each other out. So I wouldn't expect any drag from the hydro businesses in 2021.
Agnieszka Storozynski: Okay. And I know that you're going to be talking about strategy and longer-term growth plans only next week, but do you have any sense when Moody's could review your rating?
Gustavo Pimenta: Look, they came earlier this year and with a positive update on their credit view for AES, basically lowering the overall FFO to debt on a consolidated basis to 14% versus 16%. We are seeing us there, very close to these ratios. So we are positive. I think they will - we expect them to make a move hopefully this year. We'll see what is exactly the move that they make. But the ratios are there, and we think we're in a positive moment with them.
Agnieszka Storozynski: And then again, I know the Analyst Day is next week, but can you comment if you see yourself issuing equity any time soon, like, say, over the next 5 years?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Hi. Angie, this is Andrés. Look, that's one of the tools available to us. And it depends, we'll see the growth rates we have. We have a lot of opportunities. So that's one of the tools in our kit.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland: Just want to start off maybe on the events in Texas last week. What do you see as the role for storage in the state going forward? And how might AES benefit from the deployment of storage locally?
Gustavo Pimenta: Sure. Look, storage can be used to make a more resilient grid definitely. And so I think that storage, the potential for growth in storage is enormous. What particularly happened in Texas, of course, was that you don't have capacity payments. So you didn't have really an incentive to winterize a lot of the existing plants into fossil plants and also, quite frankly, the wind turbines. Interestingly, solar performed very well. So I think the follow-on is, yes, people are going to be concerned about more resilient networks and storage can play a part, transmission, it can also play a part locally. So I do think that this will cast more light, more attention on energy storage as part of a more resilient grid.
Richard Sunderland: So do you see kind of a different opportunity for solar than for solar plus storage or just storage in general going forward as a result of the events? Or do you think it's more markets dying issues and kind of other specific factors that may be due to change?
Andrés Gluski: Well, my own personal opinion is that when you have a market where you don't remunerate capacity, I think is one of the key sources. Having said that, and of course, energy storage has many uses. It's not only solar plus storage, wind plus storage, stand-alone storage, but also to make improved transmission with existing lines, so you don't have to upgrade the whole line. So all of these, attention to the robustness of the grid and the network, is a positive for future sales of energy storage.
Richard Sunderland: And then just one specifically on the '21 guidance here. Any way to frame assumptions around asset sales, coal sales baked into '21 guidance versus what has been announced last year into this year?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, this is Gustavo. So all of the announced asset sales and retirements are incorporated. Effectively, we have India that closed late last year, so it's in here. We've said Vietnam, which was the other large one, would probably close between the end of this year, early next year. So it doesn't hit 2021. But effectively, all of the announced asset sales and retirements are incorporated in this 2021 guidance.
Richard Sunderland: And are there placeholders for incremental sales as well?
Gustavo Pimenta: I mean, if they happen, they'll probably close later. So specifically for 2021, wouldn't make any difference here.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to explore your corporate partnership with Google and just get your overall views on the degree of interest you're seeing from other companies to partner with AES, given AES' global reach in renewables and storage capabilities to help those corporates to achieve zero emissions. Is that an area you're encouraged by?
Andrés Gluski: Very much so, very much so. We've talked in the past about our relationship and partnership with Google, that continues to progress. But we're also seeing interest from other similar players, about - 24x7 renewables. So definitely, we're encouraged by this. And the fact that we have presence in other markets is an additional plus, not immediately, but down the road.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. So it sounds like something in the long term you're excited about, but nothing near term, but something we could see over time. Okay.
Andrés Gluski: No, I wouldn't say so long term.
Stephen Byrd: Okay. That's great. And then I guess just stepping back, maybe building a little bit on Angie's question on financing. You have a really great growth outlook in many different asset classes. And I was just curious, just at a high level as you think about just innovative financing approaches, financing tools out there, there certainly - strikes me, there's a lot of folks who love to provide capital to high-quality clean energy and storage projects. Are you seeing anything sort of new in terms of innovation? And as AES gets bigger and bigger in renewables, just different approaches to financing all of this growth?
Gustavo Pimenta: Well, it's a great question. Over the past, let's say, 8 years or so, we've sold about $6 billion of assets. And we have churned that money, right? And that's provided impetus for a lot of our new growth. We've also done partnerships. So those continue to - we'll continue to do asset sales, and we continue to do partnerships. So you're right. We're seeing a lot of interest in people co-investing with us in different shapes or forms. So this is very positive. I think we have a good reputation as a partner, who really looks at all shareholders in these joint ventures. So you're absolutely right, we're seeing a lot of new things. As you know, in the past, I'd say the one thing that did not come to fruition really was the effort that Tom led for about a year. Honestly, without COVID, it would have come to fruition, which was quite innovative. But as I always said back then, this was extra. We didn't need it to finance our growth. That was just a plus. So we're seeing, again, a lot of people who are interested in partnering with us and are different technology plays.
Operator: Today's next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Congratulations, again. Perhaps, just to kick it off here on '21, and I'm going to try to hold back ahead of next week, obviously. But can you talk about the renewables contribution here in earnings as well as Fluence? How are you thinking about those two pieces? And especially, as you try to refine your expectations and given the success on renewable backlog here, I get renewables are not necessarily homogenous. But how do you think about renewable earnings contributions here? And I know this is getting a little bit ahead of next week, but can you speak to it especially in the context of '21, for both Fluence and renewables?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Let me start it, and then I'll pass it over to Gustavo. So look, next year is very interesting just from a cutting ribbon point of view. We have 4 gigawatts that's coming online. So that represents PPAs, which were signed in the past. And this is one of the highest additions to our fleet in our history in a single year. So that we feel very good about. So the second thing is, as you correctly pointed out, our renewables come in different flavors. So about half is outside the U.S. and about half is solar, and about half is - there is some hydro coming online but there is mostly wind, some energy storage. Regarding Fluence, I would say that Fluence will not be a contributor to earnings next year because it's in a very rapid growth phase. What we see is a big increase, an acceleration in demand for energy storage as more uses are seen. And there were some questions about - prior on this call about grid stability. And then yes, it can play an important role in that. So we see growth accelerating in Fluence. And basically, as a result of that, it's harder to hit that break-even. But I would say that in terms of - it's just a little bit postponed in time because you're gearing up. Now we came out with the new cube stack. We also bought the AI-enabled bidding platform from AMS and that's a very interesting addition. And we've had sales of AMS bidding engine, actually not using Fluence's hardware. So generally, I would say that this kind of software platforms have less capital-intensive than building the cube stack itself. So that will help us turn profitability sooner. But there's this trade-off between very rapid growth and starting to break-even. But we feel very good about the company. So I'll pass it now to Gustavo to talk a little bit about the breakdown of our earnings. Now I realize a lot of these things are somewhat tied together because you have like Green Blend and Extend. So you basically have a capacity contract with a fossil plant plus renewables being added on to that. So with that, I'll pass it on to Gustavo.
Gustavo Pimenta: Thanks, Andrés. So Julien, I would say that 2021 is mostly driven by new additions. So remember, we had just half of the year for Southland, so we're going to have a full year of Southland, that's about $0.04. And then renewables altogether - we are bringing 4 gigawatts online, as Andrés said. Renewables altogether is about $0.05. So the delta 2021 is mostly driven by those additions. And then you have some items that offset each other. So there was a drag on tax. Tax was particularly lower. But we have recovered, for example, in the demand side from the Utilities, we're expecting some recovery there. We have the cost cuttings also that will offset some of the drag from tax. So if you clean all of that, I would say mostly of the growth of - primarily the growth is coming from the new additions, being Southland full year and $0.05 from renewables.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Excellent. If I can ask you the obvious question here. Your target for annual development, I suppose, is 2 to 3 gigs, [technical difficulty] 4 gigawatts next year. Obvious question is, how do you think about that long-term target? And then related, given your comment on continued drag on Fluence, why hold on to a business that continues to drag your primary valuation metric in light of accelerating and improving outlook?
Gustavo Pimenta: Sure. Let's see. Let me take the first question, which was about the renewables growth. So we have 2 years where we've basically been about 3 gigawatts. Now when we talk about that, that's PPA signed. So those will be brought online normally in a period within 24 months, probably the average is about 18 months. So there's a lag there. So we have had two very strong years. So 4 gigawatts are going to come online, that means they're actually coming online. So the goal is sign PPAs. The second is - which are actually going to start contributing to your earnings. So we see continued acceleration, let's say, in the renewables business. So we feel very comfortable. It's no longer sort of 2 to 3, it's more a 3-plus going forward. And this could - we'll be talking about this on Wednesday, I don't want to get too ahead of us. Now regarding Fluence, and really we do have a number of unicorns that we've done. It started with Athimos in Brazil, which was the telecom fiber optic rings, that we had distributed energy, Fluence is one. And we have another - some more potential ones that we're developing. So I would say that we're creating a lot of, lot of value with Fluence in two different ways. First, half of our renewable PPAs that we're signing have an energy storage component. So right there, it makes us competitive, really understanding how to use energy storage and how to be very creative. I mean, what we did in Hawaii, as you know, we won a prize for that. We have other projects coming on in Hawaii. We have the world's first virtual reservoir. We have a number of new uses. So AES is part of that engine of growth affluence because we are creating many new applications and that is helping Fluence. And then we're getting it through the valuation of Fluence itself. So if you look at the valuation of Fluence, I expect it to do very well. We started with the Qatari Investment Authority. Qatar is a particularly excellent partner at this stage for its investments in other technologies, from batteries to potential clients like NABROS in the Middle East. So this is kind of somewhere between the financial and a strategic investor here. So no, I don't think the time is now to get rid of Fluence in any way. I think we're in it for the long term. I think there are opportunities in the future that we will evaluate. But, no, we're very pleased with it. And I think we're just starting to see the real inflection point here for energy storage.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. Andrés, I know you were targeting Alto Maipo for commercial operation by end of the year, did you make it?
Andrés Gluski: It will be this year. We were targeting this year, 2021 - maybe originally. But I'd say over the last year or so, we've been targeting 2021. It's coming along very well, and we are very close to completing all the tunneling work, and we've already done a lot of work in terms of putting in the turbines in the machine room. So Alto Maipo is proceeding nicely, and it will come online this year. And as you know, you basically complete construction, then you got to fill up all the various tunnels with water before you start producing. But we're very pleased with construction at Alto Maipo.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then on dividend policy, I'm just looking back over the last 6 years, it looks like you've been pretty consistent on the dividend being 50% of the parent free cash flow. Is that still the first metric the Board looks at? Is that still the primary tool they're going to use or metric they're going to use for determining the dividend going forward?
Andrés Gluski: We really look to see if we have a dividend that we think is competitive for our investors. So what we're targeting going forward is a growth between 4% to 6% in our dividend. I think if you go in the past 5 years, we probably had the fastest-growing dividend of - or 7 years, we've had the fastest-growing dividend of anybody, really, if you take the longer time frame. So we're happy with our growth that we've been forecasting as 7% to 9% in the past, and we'll continue to grow our dividend 4% to 6%, which we think is competitive in our sector.
Charles Fishman: So the fact that it's been about 50% of free cash flow is just - I won't say coincidental, but it's just secondary importance?
Gustavo Pimenta: That's correct. We're not targeting a payout of our free cash flow in that sense. So that's really not the target. It's really to make sure that we have an attractive dividend payment for our shareholders.
Operator: At this time, we are showing no further questions in the queue and this concludes our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks. Thanks, everybody, for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Next week, we look forward to speaking with you again at our Virtual Investor Day. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the AES Corporation Third Quarter Financial Review. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ahmed Pasha, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2020 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter financial review call. Today, I will cover both our near-term priorities and the progress we have made on our larger strategic goals. On our last call, I outlined three top priorities: first, achieving our 2020 guidance; second, attaining a second investment-grade rating; and third, decarbonizing our portfolio. We see all three of these goals, both individually and collectively, as catalysts for attracting a wider investor base. Perhaps more importantly, we see all three as clear demonstrations of our ability to thrive in today's evolving landscape. Today, I am pleased to report that we're making great progress on all of these objectives and have several exciting developments to discuss. First, as Gustavo will review in his remarks, our portfolio continues to prove its resiliency in the face of COVID-19, and we're on-track to achieve our full year guidance. In fact, we expect to be at the top end of the ranges for both adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow. Turning to our goal of attaining a second investment-grade rating. I'm proud to say that we were upgraded by S&P earlier this week. This reflects the low level of risk inherent in our current business model. Two investment-grade ratings will help us reduce our overall cost of capital and enable us to attract a broader investor base. Following this milestone, we remain committed to further strengthening our balance sheet and increasing the percentage of our business in the U.S.  Now to our third priority of aggressive decarbonization on Slide 4. As you may recall, we set a near-term target to reduce our coal generation to below 30% of total generation by the end of this year, and to below 10% by 2030. I'm happy to report that with today's announced retirement of an additional 1.2 gigawatts, we have reduced our coal generation to 29% on a pro forma basis. 3/4 of these retirements are in the U.S. and the remainder are in Chile. Importantly, these retirements were already anticipated in our guidance, and we will achieve our decarbonization targets while delivering on our financial commitments. We see the transformation of our portfolio as an ongoing process, and we expect to announce additional coal retirements and asset sales in the near term. However, this milestone is significant and that it puts us in compliance with the environmental criteria of several large investors, including Norges Bank. In the longer term, we expect to produce net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Moving to our long-term strategy and the progress we've made to date. As we have discussed previously, our strategy revolves around three core themes: one, investing in sustainable growth; two, offering innovative solutions; and three, delivering superior results. Turning to Slide 5. We are well positioned to meet our strategic and financial objectives. So far this year, we have signed PPAs for 2.1 gigawatts of wind, solar and energy storage projects, which is the most we have signed in the first three quarters of any given year. On to Slide 6. We now have a backlog of 6.8 gigawatts, which is also the largest in our history. Approximately 1/3 is under construction, with the majority expected to come online through 2022. Almost half of this backlog is in the U.S., which we expect to grow as a proportion of our business going forward. Our backlog includes a mix of solar, wind, energy storage and our Alto Maipo hydro project in Chile. We continue to make good progress at Alto Maipo, where construction is more than 96% complete.  As you can see on Slide 7, renewables are now nearly 40% of our installed capacity. And this proportion will grow materially as we complete the 6.8 gigawatts in our 100% renewable backlog and sell and retire additional coal plants. In addition to our renewables backlog, we see significant growth opportunities at our 2 U.S. utilities. DP&L and IP&L. We are pleased with the recent developments at IP&L, where we reached a constructive settlement on various pending regulatory proceedings. Gustavo will provide additional details shortly, but this settlement is truly a milestone for DP&L and it grows its rate base and its network. Turning to Slide 8. I have previously discussed that our Green Blend and Extend, strategy, where we work with existing customers to convert the power sold from thermal to renewable generation while extending the contract life. This approach allows all parties to meet their financial and environmental objectives. Since our last call, we signed an additional 410 megawatts of solar capacity under a 17-year contract in Chile, bringing our total Green Blend and Extend, execution to more than 2 gigawatts. As a demonstration of the strength of our existing coal contracts, in August AES had handed reached an agreement with BHP for early termination, resulting in a payment of $720 million, which we will use in part to fund our renewables growth in Chile.  While we only report on our projects with signed PPAS, as you can see on Slide 9, we have a robust development pipeline, which we believe is one of our key differentiators. We currently have a development pipeline of 25 gigawatts in key markets, of which 12 gigawatts are in the U.S. Over the past couple of months, we have been solidifying our pipeline by securing land and interconnection rights. We already have very capable solar and energy storage development teams, and we recently acquired a group of experienced wind developers. Expected renewables growth in the U.S. is currently 20 gigawatts per year. However, this rate could accelerate. We are very well positioned to take advantage of any increase in the rate of growth in demand for renewables. Furthermore, we also could benefit from an extension of ITC and PTC incentives for renewables as well as the potential for new incentives for stand-alone storage. Turning to Slide 10 and our LNG strategy. We see the expansion of our LNG infrastructure business as complementary to our renewables growth by offering a clean, predictable and low-cost fuel that provides capacity and flexibility to the system. We are focusing our LNG business in 3 markets: the Caribbean, Central America and Southeast Asia. In all of these markets, there is rapidly growing demand for natural gas to supply new generation and to displace coal and higher-cost fuel oils. As you may know, we're developing an efficient 2.2 gigawatt combined cycle gas facility and a 450 tera BTU LNG terminal in Vietnam. We have hit key milestones towards closing these projects, which will help meet Vietnam's rapidly growing electricity demand. Last week, we signed a term sheet for the LNG terminal in partnership with PV Gas, the state-owned gas utility. In parallel, we have seen strong interest from potential lenders to finance the majority of the capital costs.  In Central America and the Caribbean, we continue to lead the transition to cleaner natural gas. We currently have a total of 150 tera BTus of LNG storage capacity, and an additional 50 tera BTUs is under construction in the Dominican Republic. We now have contracted 60% of this storage capacity, and we're in advanced discussions for an additional 20%. This would bring our total contracted volume to 80% in 2023 and beyond. For context, 200 tera BTU LNG volume can serve approximately 3 gigawatts of natural gas generation. Moving on Slide 11. The second component of our strategy is offering innovative solutions. We see the energy needs of our clients, like Google, evolving to achieve the highest standards in clean energy. We are leading the transition through our unique integration of renewables with our scalable platforms of Fluence, 5B and Uplight. Our technological innovation gives us a key competitive advantage. An example is energy storage, where we have access to the latest technology in the sector and combine it with our unique industry insights to create transformative clean energy solutions. As a reminder, working closely with our customer, Kiuc in Hawaii, we were the first company to develop a true 24/7 solar and energy storage project, and we continue to advance new applications. In fact, we recently inaugurated the world's first virtual reservoir in Chile, which combines run of the river hydro with battery-based energy storage, allowing us to sell our energy when prices are highest. Turning to Slide 12. Fluence, our joint venture with Siemens that sells energy storage technology to third parties, continues to maintain its position as the market leader in the sector. This year, Fluence has been awarded 690 megawatts of contracts, increasing their awarded or delivered capacity to 2.4 gigawatts. Fluence's revenue is expected to reach $500 million this year, an increase of 400% compared to last year. While rapidly growing their backlog, Fluence continues to enhance their digital capabilities and to complement their suite of solutions. To that end, Fluence acquired AMS, the leading provider of AI-enabled bidding software for storage and generation assets. Through the AMS acquisition, Fluence now has ongoing contracts for digital bidding services for more than 2.4 gigawatts, and most of it additional to Fluence's fleet. The integration of this technology to Fluence's current offerings will help optimize the use of energy storage and to ensure the greatest value for their clients.  We're also looking to additional new products and innovation that could transform the sector, as shown on Slide 13. With our recent investment in 5B, a prefabricated solar solution company, solar projects can be built in 1/3 of the time and on half as much land. We believe that being able to double solar energy output from a given area will become a great differentiator as solar penetration increases, especially near urban and congested areas. In addition to 5B's potential pipeline of more than 10 gigawatts of third-party projects in Australia, we see an addressable market of 5 gigawatts across our own development pipeline. We aim to be the most competitive solar operator and developer by using 5B to reduce time to build and increase energy density in combination with our ongoing robotic and digital initiatives. One example of how we are integrating all of these technologies to improve customer outcomes is the Andes IIb project in Chile. This project consists of 180 megawatts of solar incorporates 10 megawatts of 5B's technology and includes 560 megawatt hours of energy storage, the largest in Latin America. Another example of our leading innovations is our Uplight platform, which is helping utilities improve energy efficiency and balance system demand. Both of these capabilities are increasingly relevant to Uplight's 100 million end users and 80 utility customers in the U.S. Finally, as I previously discussed, we continue to be on the forefront of new technologies. To that end, we have been running tests on hydrogen at several thermal plants in Latin America. We consider ourselves to be well positioned to be a leader to incorporate green hydrogen if and when it becomes economic sometime in the future. Turning now to the third component of our strategy, which Gustavo will spend more time on: delivering superior results. By investing in our development pipeline, we are earning attractive risk-adjusted returns. As you can see on Slide 14, in the U.S we're earning low double-digit returns, while internationally we're earning mid- to high-teen returns. Before concluding, I would like to note that last week, we launched a new brand with a new logo, as you can see on our slides. We have transformed AES into a leader in clean energy, and our new brand symbolizes our position at the forefront of the technological and commercial changes that are redefining our industry.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Gustavo Pimenta, our CFO, so he can provide more color on our results, debt profile and guidance.
Gustavo Pimenta: Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover 3 key topics: our resilient business model, our performance during the third quarter, and our capital allocation plan.  Let me start with our resilient business model. Over the last decade, we have proactively transformed our portfolio. And now 85% of our earnings are from utilities and long-term contracted generation with an average contract life of 14 years, supported by creditworthy offtakers. At the same time, more than 80% of our earnings are now in dollars. This provides significant stability to earnings and cash flow. Turning to Slide 16. You can see how our portfolio has performed during these challenging times. As you know, a majority of our customers are large industrials and export-oriented mining companies that continue to operate despite COVID-19 as they are deemed essential. As a result, Q3 receivables and days sales outstanding remained stable and very much in line with historical levels. Moving on to Slide 17. The impact of the global lockdown on our financial results has been mostly limited to our utilities. Our generation businesses have been largely unaffected due to the take-or-pay nature of contracts and customers being deemed essential. As you may recall, in our first quarter call we had anticipated an extended U-shaped recovery in energy demand across our markets. Since then, demand performance has been better than our expectation. For Q3, our initial projection was for a demand drop of about 5% to 7% at our U.S. utilities. While the actual result was significantly less severe than anticipated, on a weather-normalized basis, the net combined volume at DPL and IPL is mostly flat. Demand at DPL was up 3% and largely driven by the higher load from residential customers, while demand at IPL was down 3% as the load from commercial and industrial customers has yet to reach pre-COVID levels. Accordingly, the total net impact of the lower demand on our utilities was only $0.01 on adjusted EPS for the quarter, better than our initial expectation of $0.02 to $0.03. Now turning to our quarterly results on Slide 18. Adjusted EPS was $0.42 for the quarter versus $0.48 last year. Our quarterly results reflect an $0.11 impact most related to last year's insurance recovery and outage that occurred this quarter at one of our facilities in Dominican Republic, which is already back in operations. Results also reflect the regulatory changes that were implemented at DP&L and in Argentina in Q4 2019. These headwinds were partially offset by higher contributions from the Southland repowering project, our Eurasia SBU, our cost savings and deleveraging initiatives as well as a lower tax rate.  Turning to Slide 19; adjusted pretax contribution or PTC was $331 million for the quarter, a decrease of $95 million versus the third quarter of 2019. I'll cover our results in more detail over the next 4 slides beginning on Slide 20. In the U.S. and utilities SBU, PTC remained relatively flat. The benefit from the commencement of PPAs at Southland Energy CCGTs was mostly offset by the reversion to ESP 1 rates at DPL in 2019 as well as lower demand at our utilities due to the impact of COVID-19. Before moving on, I would like to take a moment to update you on recent regulatory developments at DP&L on Slide 21. I'm very pleased to announce that we have reached a successful settlement with PUCO staff and key intervenors, resolving 4 open proceedings, significantly reducing regulatory uncertainty and allowing us to move forward with our smart grid investments. More specifically as a result of this settlement, DP&L committed to file a new ESP by October 1, 2023, and will continue to recover its approximately $80 million annual rate stabilization charge until the new ESP becomes effective. DP&L will make smart grid investments of $249 million over the next 4 years, to earn a return through the investment infrastructure rider. Resolution was reached on the 2 pending retroactive SEET tests related to 2018 and 2019. And DP&L passed the SEET and MFA regulatory tests filed earlier this year. Now turning back to our third quarter results on Slide 22. At our South America SBU, lower PTC was primarily driven by dry hydrology at the Chivor hydro plant in Colombia, resulting in lower generation and high energy purchases. Lower PTC at our MCAC [ph] SBU primarily reflects the outage-related impacts I discussed previously as well as the arbitration settlement at Changuinola this year. Finally, in the region, higher results reflect lower maintenance and outages as well as lower interest expense due to debt repayment in 2020. It also includes a favorable variance in India given the OPGC COD delay last year. Now to Slide 25. To summarize our performance in the first 3 quarters of the year, we earned adjusted EPS of $0.96 versus $1.02 last year. We are reaffirming our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.32 to $1.42. In fact, based on our strong year-to-date performance and outlook for the remainder of the year, we are now expecting to be at the top end of this range. Now turning to our credit profile on Slide 26. As we have discussed on our prior calls, since 2011 we reduced our parent debt by approximately $3 billion or about 50%. As Andrés mentioned, we recently received our second investment-grade rating. We are very pleased that S&P has recognized the underlying quality and strength of our portfolio. As you can see on this slide, we have improved our ratings by 2 to 3 notches over the last 4 years. Strong credit metrics remain one of our top priorities, and we'll continue to take steps to maintain and further improve upon current levels. Now to 2020 parent capital allocation on Slide 27. We expect to have $1.5 billion of discretionary cash this year, which is roughly $100 million higher than our prior disclosure. Regarding asset sales, today we are very pleased to announce a sell-down of 35% of our interest in the Southland repowering projects for $424 million to Yulico, expanding from our successful partnership at SPower. This transaction demonstrates the substantial intrinsic value of our portfolio and how we benefit from our platform and long-term contracted assets. As you may recall, Southland has a 20-year contract and was commissioned early this year. This sell-down implies a total equity value of more than $1.2 billion. With this transaction, combined with our previously announced asset sales, we have exceeded our proceeds target for the year by approximately $100 million for a total of $650 million. Further, based on our year-to-date performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we now also expect parent free cash flow to come in at the top end of our range of $725 million to $775 million. Moving to the right-hand side, uses are largely unchanged from the last quarter, except the investments in our subsidiaries, which are roughly $200 million higher. The increase primarily reflects a temporary cash injection at Southland and higher investments in renewables. Approximately 90% of the $900 million of investments in subsidiaries are in the U.S., contributing to our goal of increasing the proportion of earnings from the U.S. to about half. Next, moving to our capital allocation from 2020 through 2022 beginning on Slide 28. We continue to expect our portfolio to generate $3.4 billion in discretionary cash. 3/4 of this is expected to be generated from parent free cash flow, with the remaining $900 million come from asset sale proceeds. Turning to the uses of this discretionary cash on Slide 29. Roughly 1/3 will be allocated to shareholder dividends. Subject to any review by the Board, we continue to expect it to increase the dividend by 4% to 6% per year, in line with the industry average. We also expected to use $1.9 billion to invest in our backlog, new projected PPAs, T&D investments at IPL, the partial funding of our Vietnam LNG project, and the investment in Gener. Once completed, these projects will contribute to our growth through 2022 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. We have made great progress on our key objectives. Specifically, we secured a second investment-grade rating. We reduced our generation from coal to below 30%. We signed 2.1 gigawatts of new renewable contracts, increasing our backlog to a record 6.8 gigawatts. And we are growing our development pipeline and deploying new technologies, such as Fluence, 5B and Uplight. Finally, with our year-to-date financial performance, we now expect to be at the top end of our guidance ranges for both adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow. With that, I would like to open the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Richard Sunderland of JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland: Maybe starting -- just starting off with the Fluence process, could you update us on the latest timing and expectations around the sale of the minority interest?
Andrés Gluski: Sure. The capital raise at Fluence is going very well. We have strong interest, and we expect to get it done by the end of this year.
Richard Sunderland: So namely kind of no impacts from the elections or considerations around there specifically to the sale?
Andrés Gluski: Not really. I mean this capital raise, people are looking at the long term. And certainly, lithium ion-based energy storage has a great future ahead of it. As the -- as I said in my remarks, it's growing very rapidly and it's the leader in the sector. So it really is a unique investment opportunity. So no, we've seen no impact whatsoever.
Richard Sunderland: And has there been any shift in the kind of interest or type of parties evaluating Fluence?
Andrés Gluski: None whatsoever.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Great. And then just quick on the outage cited on the quarter. I know you said one of the facilities back in operations. Any color around the outage itself and I guess risks going forward?
Gustavo Pimenta: No, it was -- this is Gustavo, Rich. No, it was an outage that we had in there in one of our facilities there. It's about $0.02 impact in the quarter, but the facility is back in operation already.
Operator: Next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith, Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Congratulations on a -- a litany of developments here, it's hard to know where to start. At the outset here, how about this? So you've had a lot of success across your businesses here. When you think about the earnings trajectory of the renewables business altogether, how would you characterize that, right? Given the backlog, given the success year-to-date, given the capital available to deploy back into it, how in aggregate would you kind of describe its attribution or contribution to the EPS growth rate? And then relate it to Fluence as well, if you can. I know it's still small.
Andrés Gluski: Okay. Let me start sort of big picture. Most of our business, most of our earnings is coming from the traditional businesses. So this is sort of an add-on, and we're retiring some of the thermal assets. So it's a transition. So it's going to be growing over time. We feel very good about the way it's sort of blending in. Something like Green Blend and Extend it's blending in to this growth. So we have a backlog of 7 gigawatts. It's a good mix of U.S. and outside, and it has good returns. And there's a variety of regulatory schemes under which they operate. So we feel good about it. It's going to be growing, and it's going to -- it's replacing some of the older thermal assets that we're retiring. Second part of your question regarding Fluence, well realize that as I've said in the past, the faster Fluence grows, to some extent it pushes off a little bit positive earnings. We're creating an enormous amount of value. But all R&D for example or all upgrading of our teams around the world, that's expensed. So when you're growing 400% this year, we expect a 40-plus growth rate going forward. We have a backlog of 1 gigawatt; so that's still up. So there's no -- right now, Fluence is a drag of around $0.02. So it will -- everything has a positive margin. We expect this to turn around, but it's a little bit of a function of how fast we grow. So ironically the more value we create and the faster we grow, that may take a little bit more time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Now, if I can pivot this slightly more specifically to your guidance, when you think about this roll forward coming up with fourth quarter, and I know I'm kind of asking for guidance without getting it explicitly, how are you thinking about some of the major puts and to pick here? Because as best I see it, it seems like you resolved a number of these issues. And so I just want to make sure we're on the same page about this, whether it's DPL, whether it's related to Gener, or frankly whether it relates to your execution on backlog on renewables. But can you give us at least a sense for some of the bigger puts and takes here and/or other factors that you've mentioned?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, you've mentioned most of the factors. I mean we have rapid renewable growth, Green Blend and Extend,. We have DP&L, IPL, growing their rate base. I think the one that you did not mention was the growth of LNG. So you realize that we are doing very well on contracting more really tolling of gas in the Dominican Republic. We're very -- actually we have the contracts there. We're very optimistic about doing more in Panama. And as I said in my speech, those will all contribute to our earnings at 23 and beyond. So most of the investment is made. So having said that, that's how we see it. So we feel optimistic. And that's why we've included the retirement of -- or part of that guidance. So we can't give you guidance before the fourth call. Gustavo, do you want to add something?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes. I would just add, Julien, in addition to what Andrés just said, I think California, the extension of the legacy unit is another important driver, right? So -- And also the incremental cost cutting. Remember, we had talked about $100 million of cost-cutting through 2022, half of that through 2021. So those will be helpful, and eventually we'll be able to capture more post that period. And I think to your question on renewables, probably the best way to think about it is most of our free cash is going to renewables nowadays. So it's about $350 million to $400 million of investment in new renewables going forward. And you put low double-digit to mid-teen returns, and you see that this is going to be an important driver of earnings going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just -- sorry to clarify this. When you were speaking on LNG, can you elaborate briefly on Panama on the IMO piece of this in terms of bunkering and the upside potential?
Andrés Gluski: Well, basically our current facility, especially the storage tank in Panama, is about 30% utilized. All the capital investment has been made. So to the extent that we can contract more gas passing through it, that goes straight to our bottom line. And so we feel good about the possibility of contracting more gas in Panama and increasing that utilization. In the case of the Dominican Republic, we had talked about this for many years, that actually we filled up the tank, to the extent that we're actually having to build a somewhat smaller but second tank there to meet all the demand. So realize this is contracted. It's tolling. We're not taking commodity risk. So our gas strategy in the Caribbean and Central America is playing out as planned.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: One more clarification, on Indiana, I didn't hear you say anything about PUCO and renewables. I know there's an RFP out there. Apologies, if I could.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, there is an RFP as we speak, so the team is finalizing. And it's one of the opportunities that we have to sign up for more renewable growth there and rate base. So stay tuned, we'll be talking about that shortly.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Not yet in there. All right, great.
Gustavo Pimenta: Not yet in there.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Congratulations on progress on a lot of fronts. I agree with Julien, it's kind of hard to know where to start.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you very much.
Stephen Byrd: So I wanted to maybe start at a high level and just talk about your renewables business globally, and thinking about sort of how to realize the full value of the business. The business has become very large. It's one of the biggest backlogs globally. How do you think about ensuring that you realize the full value, given that it's housed within AES? And this has always been sort of a question in terms of highlighting the values of these businesses. And I think it's just really accentuated, given the trading levels of pure clean energy companies. Just curious how you're thinking about the long-term strategy there.
Andrés Gluski: That's a great question. We think about that a lot. So really what we see is that there is a true competitive advantage of combining our existing platforms with the new. And I say that because it's easy to talk about renewables, but really that's just energy. And what the market is demanding is capacity. So you're going to get that capacity in the short term from your existing traditional facilities and then with energy storage. So thinking about that, nobody is in a better position than us to do that because we really are the leader in the -- not only the amount of energy storage, but more important, I think the new applications, finding new ways to use this. So I feel very good about this sort of leading this transition in a very responsible way retiring our coal plants, selling coal plants, providing that capacity to some extent in other new markets in -- with gas. Because quite frankly not all markets are capable with today's technology of efficiently providing capacity. Even with batteries, it would be too expensive with renewables. So we're leading that transition to a lower-carbon future. But at the same time, I think we're uniquely integrating, be it energy storage, innovative renewables. I mean I think 5B, that technology will play a greater role in the future as you get greater really penetration of solar in some areas. And so being able to do it in a smaller space is very valuable. Being able to do it faster is very valuable. We're really doing some very interesting things on robotics. We're doing some very interesting things in digital, digital controls. And so Uplight is one aspect of it. But so is for example, the purchase of AMS by Fluent. So that's a little bit how I see it. So while it's true that there is a premium today for pure renewable plays, we think there'll be a premium tomorrow for those companies that truly satisfy what customers need. So it's not only energy. It's energy plus capacity. And we will lead the way into providing capacity, energy and customer-facing solutions into the future. So it's a very interesting transition, even though it's a little bit complicated story.
Stephen Byrd: Those are good points about capacity and integration. I take those points. Maybe shifting over to the corporate customer side. The Google arrangement makes a lot of sense. I was just curious your latest thoughts in terms of additional appetite from other corporate or potential corporate customers to do something along those lines, given AES' global platform?
Andrés Gluski: That's a great question. So we have a, say, arrangement with Google. We're exploring several fronts. As you know, we do have an RFP out for a gigawatt and PJM. We will, we believe, making announcements into the future in terms of how we will be working together, as I said, several fronts. But this is not something that will not exclude other clients, potential clients. So as we find ways to provide the capacity people need and the low carbon that people need, plus a digital overlay. That is certainly something that we believe will be attractive to a lot of clients. So Green Blend and Extend, for example was an interesting solution for a lot of the big mining companies that wanted to lower their carbon footprint and have cheaper energy. And again, that can transition over time to net 0 solution, but it's going to take some time to get there.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. So it sounds like while there's a lot of opportunities, it's going to take some time to really to get traction with a lot of corporate customers, to the point where this is a more meaningful part of your overall business mix. Is that fair?
Andrés Gluski: No. I would say that -- I guess what I'm saying is that I expect to do more with corporate customers. What I'm saying is that depending on what the situation is. It may take longer or less long. It depends, on the market they're in, depends on the availability of renewables in that market, and it depends exactly what the customer wants. I mean what we're really working with is sort of co-creating with clients and co-creating what they want. And I think again we're also uniquely positioned to do that, not only because of the various technologies we're involved in, but also, quite frankly our modus operandi with the client. So, if you think of something like KIUC in the first sort of 24/7 renewables, load-following renewable solution in Hawaii, that was codeveloped with them. So the same way we like we're working with Google, we are working with other people. What we've done in Chile, we've also worked with the client. So I hope that answers your question. So no, I don't see this way off in the future. I see there's a certain relatively short term and growing over time as the clients become more clear exactly what they want, and some of the technologies get cheaper.
Stephen Byrd: Sorry, I misunderstood. Great.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Next question is from Charles Fishman of Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Andrés, the PPAs awarded and signed year-to-date, Slide 53, a big win for Gener on solar. You picked up another project to that power solar. Why if I compare this exhibit to the 2Q exhibit, AES distributed energy actually went lower on solar [ph]? is that you lost the projects just moved it around to a different subsidiary? Or what -- you don't agree with that?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Sorry, are you looking at, what, the Annex Page 53?
Charles Fishman: Yes. Slide 53 has the AES DE, distributed energy, right, I believe? Yes. And you could see that, okay, you got solar 91 megawatts you signed year-to-date, storage 97. But then if I go back to 2Q, I see AEs Distributed Energy [indiscernible], both of those quite a bit higher.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes. Charles, this is Ahmed. I think Charles, some of these projects that we show in the backlog, they are only either in construction or we have signed -- if the project is completed, then that goes back to operations. That's no longer part of our backlog.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So this is something -- they were projects that went in operation in the quarter that you moved off this line.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes.
Charles Fishman: Okay.
Andrés Gluski: Once it's in operation, it's no longer backlog.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes.
Andrés Gluski: It's been fulfilled.
Ahmed Pasha: Backlog, the way we define backlog is either is in construction. Or we have signed the PPA, but it's not yet in construction. But if it is completed, it gets out.
Charles Fishman: Even though it was signed this year [indiscernible] operation, you take it off this list.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes.
Charles Fishman: Okay, got it. Now another question previously asked on Indiana IPL, if I could maybe push a little harder on that. We've recently seen two other utilities in Indiana really go all in on solar. And yes quite frankly, AEs has more solar experience than both those other utilities combined plus some. Do you have the opportunity at IPL to retire from coal or old gas plants that we should expect some movement like that? It seems like the Indiana Commission is very receptive to that direction.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Well, we have an RFP for 1.2 gigawatts of renewable, so stay tuned for the results of that. And in those numbers that I gave in this call of 1.2 gigawatts of retirement, there's some of the older coal plants in Indiana. So as a regulated, we have to get approval for this transition. But you're right, we have a whole lot of experience on that, and that's what we're going to do.
Charles Fishman: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you; that's all I had.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Charles.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steven Fleishman: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to clarify on the coal getting below the 30% announcement. Was there something that didn't get done in terms of an asset sale or something? Because the -- I think these shutdowns were already planned for a while and they're not happening until '21 or '23. So I guess I'm just trying to figure out how that fits into meeting it by the end of '20?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. No. Thanks for the question. No look, what we have in there in our pro forma are sales that we already have a signed contract with, or a plant that we've already programmed to retire. Now that does not exclude additional sales. Now we're not behind on any additional sales or additional shutdowns. And as we said, we expect more in the near term. So we're saying it's 29 already in the third quarter. We had said we would do it by the end of the year. So stay tuned. We think we'll be comfortably below the 30% threshold. And remember, that's megawatt hours. It's actual generation. So actually capacity, we're already at about 26% and will be -- continue to decline. So honestly we haven't missed any of our internal milestones.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. I'm sorry, Andrés, I need to clarify this. But these plants we've known they are going to be shut down for a while. It's not like new, I think, and they're not actually being shut down by the end of 2020. So I'm confused...
Ahmed Pasha: No. I think -- Steve, Ahmed here. Most of these plants I think we got approvals, like Hawaii they just passed the law. We've got the regulatory approval in Hawaii. Then also [indiscernible] as well; so I think these are all the developments that we just announced. So these are not some things that got improved...
Steven Fleishman: Indiana too; because I thought...
Ahmed Pasha: Which one, Indiana? It's about 500 megawatts. I think this also got approval. We just made that filing, I think it's about a month ago or so. So Steve...
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And in terms of meeting the target, it doesn't matter if they don't shut by the end of 2020 or you don't sell by then, as long as you're shutting a few years from now?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. I mean we've been in discussions with ESG investors like Norges Bank. And it really was like, "Show me a path how you're going to get there in the near term." So really this is reflecting what they've asked us to do. We're going to overperform, I assure you of that. And we've been somewhat cautious in terms of our announcements. Because as Ahmed said, what we've shown this time is what we've actually gotten approvals to do. These aren't just, "Gee, I wish -- I'm going to shut this down." Well, can you really shut it down? And you need to have the approval of the regulator of the network operator. So that's where we're at. So honestly this is exactly what we discussed with people like Norges Bank, exactly what they asked us to do. And if anything, we're upfront about it. Now, it is pro forma because in some cases, you -- the retirement, they still need it for, say, another year in some cases. But stay tuned. We'll -- I assure you that we will...
Steven Fleishman: You announced that Petersburg retirement a couple like years ago or we've had that...
Andrés Gluski: No, no, we did not.
Steven Fleishman: I guess that's helpful. it was the --
Andrés Gluski: And I think the punchline is, Steve, just to be clear, we have not seen any delays in the transactions we are working on as far as the sell-downs are concerned on the coal side. So I think we still continue to see the interest. So I don't think there's you need to read anything between the lines.
Steven Fleishman: Okay, that's helpful. And then just the -- on the DPL settlement, the path there, it looks like you -- your -- it allows you now to invest the money and get the rate base growth from that. That's going and keep -- and also keep the current of the old ESP rate. And then I guess at the end of the period, the old ESP rate goes away, but you can then keep growing the rate base from thereon. Can you -- is there any way you can kind of extend this old ESP rate that's still in through 23?
Gustavo Pimenta: I think the -- our expectation is that October 23, we'll file ESP for. It will probably take 12 to 18 months to get approval, and then we're going to get into a new ESP without the RSC. But the plan is we will build up the rate base in the meantime, so we can continue to post growth post that period.
Steven Fleishman: Yes. Okay, great.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Chopra, Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: I have one clarification and then just one big picture question. Just going back to - maybe, Gustavo, maybe this is for you. But just going back to Slide 28 here when we sort of look at the cash generation, and you have about $250 million left of the $900 million, $650 million announced. I just want to be clear, the Fluence transaction, any proceeds there are not on this slide, correct?
Gustavo Pimenta: Not on this slide. It's all going to be kept at Fluence.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And it will be kept just at Fluence. I mean there's not user proceeds in terms of with your other businesses.
Gustavo Pimenta: No, none.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then maybe just big picture, obviously this year you've executed strongly. But 7% to 9%, can you just high level talk about what gets you to 9% versus what gets you to 7%?
Andrés Gluski: I would say that the difference will have to be in terms of the projects that we have, how fast for example we fill up the gas tanks at Panama and the DR. It will have to be a little bit in terms of demand growth at our utilities and probably execution of our renewable projects. I'd say those are the 3 drivers. As Gustavo said, we have cost cuts inherent. We have lower financing costs as well. So all those are pluses. So I'd say the ones that are outside of our control, to some extent a little bit would be the demand growth in the utilities, and a little bit the timing of filling up the tolling capacity in Central America and Carribbean.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Helpful, guys. Maybe just one quick one Just as you think long term, Andrés, I mean you have a pretty good competitive advantage here with storage and with renewables. Just how do you think about balancing, growing internationally, versus sort of your renewable portfolio internationally, versus being 50% earnings from the U.S., that's your long-term target?
Andrés Gluski: That's a great question. Look, our objective is to be an investment-grade company, continue to strengthen our balance sheet and the mix of our businesses. We move very strongly towards investment-grade, dollar long-term contracted business. And that's why we've been so resilient this year in an uncertain environment. I think we've proven that. And we've improved our credit rating in the midst of COVID. I think that says a lot for the strength of our business. We think the optimal mix, also given market conditions probably, is about half U.S. and half outside. And we think that's optimal. We have big corporate opportunities in the U.S. It's a strong market for us. We also think that we have good corporate demand internationally and somewhat unique to us. And we do get higher returns in general internationally. So we think a sort of 50-50 split would be ideal. It's not we can orient it in one direction or the other. Part of it will have to do where our clients demand and where we have competitive advantages. But we think we're developing really global competitive advantages. So it's not only international. We have them here in the U.S..
Unidentified Analyst: That's great. Great quarter.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you
Operator: That concludes our answer -- question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ahmed Pasha for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks, everybody, for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Next week, we look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Conference. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the AES Corporation Second Quarter 2020 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask question. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our second quarter 2020 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our second quarter financial review call. Today, I will spend some time on three near-term priorities, achieving our 2020 guidance, attaining a second investment grade rating and decarbonizing our portfolio. We believe that progress in these three key areas will allow us to reach a larger investor base in the near-term. They will also advance our longer term strategic and financial objectives. After discussing these three themes, I will provide an update on our sustainable growth initiatives and our efforts to create a technological competitive edge. Last quarter I indicated that we were well-positioned to withstand the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic due to the resilience of our business model. I am pleased to report that our second quarter results demonstrate this resilience and keep us on track to achieve our full year guidance. We delivered adjusted EPS of $0.25 in the second quarter in line with last year. This reflects the strength of our business model, which is based on long-term take or pay contracts with credit worthy customers. As a result, we are very confident that we will achieve our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.32 to $1.42 and our expected parent free cash flow of $725 million to $775 million. At the same time, we have continued to grow our free cash flow. We ended the second quarter with the apparent free cash flow to debt ratio of 24%, which is comfortably above the 20% threshold required for investment grade ratings. As a reminder, we have already received one investment grade rating from Fitch and remain optimistic that we will attain our second investment grade rating later this year. Turning to our aggressive carbonization goals on slide four. As we have said before, we are very focused on reducing our generation from coal to less than 30% of total generation to comply with Norges Bank Environmental Investment criteria. On this front, we have made great progress over the past two months, signing binding agreements to sell OPGC in India and Itabo in the Dominican Republic. These sales will reduce our generation from coal by 11 percentage points to 34%. We are working on a couple of additional transactions that combined with our growth in renewables will allow us to easily comply with Norges Bank criteria by next year. To further our reduction in coal exposure, AES Gener is negotiating with several of off-takers in Chile to delink PPAs from physical assets and be able to monetize the value of long-term totaling agreements. These transactions will demonstrate that the real value of the business is in this contracts and customers, while providing funding for AES Gener successful Green Blend & Extend Renewables Growth Strategy. Turning to slide five and sustainable growth. I am happy to announce that since our last call, we have been awarded or signed 852 megawatts of new renewable PPAs. This brings our year-to-date total to 1.5 gigawatts, including 346 megawatts of energy storage. As a result, our backlog of new renewables projects increased to 6.2 gigawatts, about half of this backlog is in the U.S. and the majority is expected to come online between 2021 and 2024. Therefore, we remain on track to continue to add 2 gigawatts to 3 gigawatts of new renewables per year by capitalizing on our business platforms and our growing technological expertise. In addition, to our 6.2 gigawatt backlog, we have a pipeline of 15 gigawatts of renewable projects under active development in the U.S. This considerable pipeline positions us very well for an acceleration in U.S. renewables growth if the federal policies change following the November elections. Turning to slide seven. We are also consolidating our position in existing renewable platforms. To that end, we recently acquired additional shares of AES Tietê, increasing our ownership from 24% to 43%. We will finance this acquisition mostly through non-recourse debt in Brazil and it is accretive from day one. We plan to upgrade AES Tietê’s listing to Novo Mercado under Bovespa, where companies trade at significant premiums due to best-in-class governance. This move is expected to further unlock the value of AES Tietê for the benefit of all of its shareholders. We continue to actively pursue new technologies to support our growth in renewables and innovative products that meet the changing needs of our customers. As you can see on slide eight, Fluence, our joint venture with Siemens that sells energy storage technology to third parties, continues to be the global market leader in this sector. This leadership is based on our track record of deploying more than 2 gigawatts of energy storage, presence in 22 countries and offering more than 40 digital applications to our customers. This year Fluence’s revenue is expected to reach $500 million, an increase of 400% in relation to last year. We believe that energy storage will play a major role in the global transition to a low carbon economy. As a result, we expect Fluence’s revenue to grow at 40% compounded annually to reach $3 billion by the end of 2025. Turning to slide nine. We are already experiencing this acceleration of growth in demand for energy storage. In June Fluence launched its sixth-generation product, which includes a modular and factory-assembled cube design that is safer, more reliable and lower cost. Fluence’s new cube already has orders for more than 800 megawatts to be delivered over the next three years. As you may know, Fluence is currently running a private placement for a minority partner in order to capitalize this high growth business. We are encouraged by the strong interest we are seeing from potential investors and we expect to have concrete details to share with you before the end of the year. Together, AES and Fluence continue to pioneer new applications for lithium-ion based energy storage technology. One example is a virtual reservoir for run-of-the-river hydropower projects, utilizing energy storage that charges when power prices are low and discharges during peak hours. As shown on slide 10, at the Alfalfal hydro complex in Chile, we just commissioned the world’s first such virtual reservoir with 10 megawatts or 50-megawatt hours of energy storage. We can further expand this facility to 250 megawatts or 1,250-megawatt hours over the next couple of years. Today, about half of all our renewable projects have an energy storage component. Now moving on to slide 11. We continue to pursue new technologies that have the potential to provide us with a competitive advantage in our markets. To that end, we recently acquired a 25% stake in 5B, a prefabricated solar solution company in Australia. With 5B’s patented technology, solar projects can be built in a third of the time and in half the space. We believe that being able to double solar energy output from a given area will become increasingly important as solar penetration increases especially near urban or congested areas. In addition to 5B’s potential pipeline of more than 10 gigawatts of third-party projects in Australia, we see an additional addressable market of 5 gigawatts across our developing pipeline. As part of this strategic agreement, we have exclusive rights to develop utility scale projects using 5B’s technology in our key markets, including the U.S. We have already started the deployment of 2 megawatts in Panama and 10 megawatts in Chile. We aim to be the most competitive solar developer by using 5B to reduce time-to-build and increase energy density, while combining it with our robotic and digital solar initiatives. Turning to slide 12. In 2018, AES invested in Uplight to improve our customer experiences by a digital cloud-based technology. In addition, Uplight provides cloud-based services to third parties to improve energy efficiency and balance system demand. This fast growing business already reaches more than 100 million households and businesses in the U.S., and expects a 20% increase in annual revenue in 2020. Finally, regarding our partnership with Google, it is progressing well, and as you might have seen, we recently launched an RFP for 1-gigawatt of carbon free energy in PJM. We are working on several other significant initiatives with Google and we will share additional details as this firm up. In summary, our ongoing leading technology efforts aim to give us a competitive edge to deliver the products and services required by our customers in a rapidly evolving and growing market. Now, I would like to turn over the call to Gustavo Pimenta, our CFO, so he can provide more color on our results, debt profile and guidance.
Gustavo Pimenta: Thank you, Andrés. Today, I will cover three key topics, our resilient business model, our performance during the second quarter and our capital allocation plan. Let me start with our resilient business model on slide 14. As you can see 85% of our earnings are from Utilities and long-term contracted generation, with an average contract life of 14 years. This provides significant stability to earnings and cash flow. We have also reduced our exposure to volatility in foreign currency by growing the portion of our U.S. dollar earnings. As you can see on side 15, today 85% of our earnings are in U.S. dollars, as compared to approximately 60% a few years ago. For context through 2022, a 10% appreciation of the U.S. dollar would reduce our annualized EPS by only 1.5% or $0.02. Looking at Latin America specifically, almost all of our businesses in that region are contracted, as you can see on slide 16. Nearly 60% of these businesses have no volumetric risk as a result of the take or pay nature of the contracts. The remaining capacity is mostly contracted with large industrials and export-oriented mining companies that continued to operate despite COVID-19 as they are deemed essential. We intentionally work with high quality off takers and business strategy is also contributing to the resilience of our business model. For example, as you can see on the slide 17, roughly two-third of our customers in Latin America have investment grade profiles. The remaining customers are largely backed by government and institutions. The result of this resilient contracting structure and customer base can be seen in our collections performance on the slide 18, with Q2 receivables and days sales outstanding remains very much in line with historical levels. Moving on to the impact of global lockdowns on our financial results on slide 19. As you may recall, we had anticipated an extended U-shaped recovery in managed demand across our markets. This assumed the second quarter would be the hardest hit with a demand drop about 10% to 12% at our U.S. Utility businesses, and between 7% and 15% internationally. The actual result was not as severe as anticipated, with volume at our U.S. Utilities dropped mid-single digits and demand in other markets declining in the range of low-single digits to low-double digits. As I have noted, our Generation businesses, we did not experience any material impact on earnings from lower demand. Our Utility business, where most of our volume exposure is experienced any back of about $0.02 on adjusted EPS for the quarter, better than our initial expectation of $0.03 to $0.04. Despite this encouraging results, we continue to assume an extended U-shaped recovery for guidance purpose, given the overall uncertainty around the macro environment. Now turning to our quarterly results on slide 20. Adjusted EPS was $0.25 for the quarter versus $0.26 last year. This reflects the lower demand at our regulated utilities as discussed and the regulatory changes that were implemented at DPL in Argentina in 2019. We are able to offset these headwinds through higher contributions from our South America and Eurasia SBUs, as well as our cost savings and deleveraging initiatives. Turning to slide 21. Adjusted pre-tax contribution or PTC was relatively flat at $238 million for the quarter, with a decrease of only $2 million versus the second quarter of 2019. I will cover our results in more detail over the next four slides beginning on slide 22. In the U.S. and Utilities SBUs lower PTC reflects the lower regulated tariff implemented in Q4 2019 due to the reversion to AES Gener rate at the DPL, as well as lower demand at Utilities due to the impact of COVID-19. Additionally at Southland, we have had lower capacity of revenues as a result of the retirement of some of our legacy units in 2019. At our South America SBU higher PTC was primarily driven by higher contributions from AES Gener, including better operating performance at our Guacolda plant and recovery of previously expensed payments from customers in Chile. Higher PTC at our MCCS will reflect improved availability at our Changuinola hydro plant in Panama, following extended major outage last year. We also benefited from improved hydrology in Panama following a very dry year in 2019. This was partially offset by outage-related insurance proceeds in the Dominican Republic last year. Finally in Eurasia, high results reflect improved operational performance in Vietnam and the impact of the sale of our loss making business in the United Kingdom. Now to slide 26 to summarize our performance in the first half of the year, we earned adjusted EPS of $0.54 versus $0.53 last year. We are reaffirming our 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.32 to $1.42. Relative to the first half of 2020, performance in the second half of the year will benefit from contributions for our new businesses, including the 1.3-gigawatt Southland Repowering project for which the 20-year contract began in the second quarter and about 1-gigawatt of renewables coming online. Now turning to our credit profile on slide 27. As we discussed on our first quarter call, since 2011 we reduced our parent debt by approximately $3 billion or about 50%. At the end of the second quarter, our parent leverage was 3.5 times and our parent free cash flow to debt ratio was 24%, comfortably within the investment grade thresholds of 4 times and 20%, respectively. This highlights once more our credit strength and give us confidence in attaining our second investment grade rating later this year. Moving on to liquidity on slide 28. We have $3.5 billion in available liquidity, two-thirds of which is in cash. As you may recall from our prior call, we had taken a conservative approach to enhance our liquidity at the beginning of the COVID-19 outbreak by drawing in about $500 million of our revolvers. As a result of the strong collection we experienced in the quarter, we decided to pay back most of this facility, lowering the overall interest expense for our businesses. Next, I would like to provide an update on our refinancing on slide 29. As you know, we have been proactively strengthening our debt maturity profile. Since last year, we executed more than $7 billion in liability management across our portfolio. In the second quarter alone, by taking advantage of a low interest rate environment, we refinanced more than $2 billion of debt, significantly reducing our interest costs, while eliminating any mature refinancing needs at both AES Corp. and DPL for the next five years. Now to 2020 parent capital allocation on slide 3. We expected $1.4 billion of discretionary cash this year, which is largely consistent with our previous disclosure. Regarding asset sales, we have already announced agreement to sell 2-gigawatt of coal generation, achieving roughly half of our target for 2020. We are working on a few other transactions and feel good about the prospect of achieving our targeted asset sales of $550 million for this year. Moving to uses on the right-hand side, including the 5% dividend increase we announced in December, we expected to return $381 million to shareholders this year. We plan to invest $700 million in our subsidiaries, 90% of which is in the U.S., demonstrating our proactive actions to grow the portion of earnings coming from the U.S. to about half by 2022. These investments includes, funding our renewables backlog, the equity for the Southland Repowering and the investment in rate-based growth at our utilities. Regarding AES Gener, as Andrés mentioned, we are in negotiations to delink the PPAs from the coal assets and monetize the value of some of its storing agreement. As a result, we now expect the capital increase in our contribution of equity to happen in 2021. This leaves us with up to $370 million to be allocated in 2020. Next, moving to our capital allocation from 2020 through 2022 beginning on slide 31. We continue to expect our portfolio to generate $3.4 billion in discretionary cash. Three quarters of this is expected to be generated from parent free cash flow, with the remaining $900 million coming from asset sale proceeds. Turning to the uses of the discretionary cash on slide 32, roughly one-third will be allocated to shareholder dividends. Subject to annual review by the Board, we continue to expect to increase the dividend by 4% to 6% per year, in line with the industry average. We are also expected to use $1.9 billion to invest in our backlog, new projected PPAs, T&D investments at IPL, the partial funding of our Vietnam LNG project and the investment in AES Gener. This $1.9 billion also includes the $300 million infrastructure investment in the P&L. Once completed, this project will contribute to our growth through 2022 and beyond. In summary, we are very encouraged by our solid financial performance today, despite being in the middle of an unprecedented global crisis. Our performance and position validate the actions we have taken over the last several years to materially improve the quality and resilience of our business model and we remain very confident in our ability to continue delivering on our strategic and financial objectives. With that, I will turn the call back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me close today’s call by saying that we remain very confident in achieving our guidance for 2020 and growth rates through 2022, attaining a second investment grade rating before year end and realizing our decarbonization goals to meet Norges Bank’s threshold by the end of the year. At the same time, we continue to make progress on the point innovative technologies that we believe will give us a competitive edge in today’s rapidly evolving and growing market. With that, I would like to open up the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone. Thanks so much for the time. I appreciate it and congratulations on continued execution here. Perhaps just going back to the 2020 guidance and I know you guys just commented here in your prepared remarks about a little bit of your positioning, but I’d like to dig a little bit further into that. So you are saying that you are a few pennies ahead relative to initial expectations for the utility after last quarter’s update. You are saying your power outlook is not appreciably impacted from lower demand. Just help frame where you are within that ‘20 guidance range as a consequence of these updated assumption. And then, thirdly, I didn’t see you comment specifically on how the asset sales and our expected asset sales impact -- and the potential dilution from those impacts where you are within that range, if that make sense?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. Okay. Let’s put this into two objects, the first half and Gustavo can take the second half. Look, we feel confident that we are going to hit our numbers. We feel very good. We have a lot of good things happening. We are still, I think, all of us in uncharted territories. This has to play out through the second half of the year. I think our business model has demonstrated its resilience. I think very importantly both earnings and cash, our accounts receivable are very much in line from where they were last year. So we feel good about it and we have a lot of positive things, but there is some uncertainty. So we -- what we are saying is, we feel very confident we will hit these numbers and the model is resilient and let’s see what plays out in the second half of the year. With that, I will pass it over to Gustavo to talk a little bit about asset sales.
Gustavo Pimenta: So, Julien, yes. Those asset sales there were already incorporated in our long-term forecast. So the associated dilution is already in the 7% to 9%, so no impact to our forecast.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Nor the impact that in perspective further so…
Gustavo Pimenta: No.
Andrés Gluski: That’s already assumed...
Gustavo Pimenta: The additional was to reach the $500 million are also in this plan the 7% to 9% growth.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. In other words they are assumed in our forecast.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And if I can ask you just a step further here, I mean, you guys made a further commitment in Brazil in recent weeks. Can you talk to your thought process about realizing the full value there, I mean, as per this unique situation in backdrop where you all are, I suppose your peer shareholders just receiving a premium bid and you all are stepping into to basically, say, we see greater value. So can value -- can you elaborate on where you see that value coming and maybe further next steps in realizing that?
Andrés Gluski: Sure. Look we have a, I think, a very good track record in Brazil of creating values in our separate company, if you think of the sale of Fluence, sale of Eletropaulo, of the sale of our telecom Angamos. So what we are doing here is, we -- BNDS [ph] wanted to sell part of its shares. So by buying BNDS’ shares we go from 24% ownership to around 43% ownership. This will allow us to list AES Gener on the novel Mercado. In the novel Mercado generally companies trade at a 10%, 20% premium versus where they trade on ordinary listing, say in Brazil you have your preferred shares, which actually don’t have a vote and receive a 10% dividend, then you have normal ordinary shares, which have votes. So our shares and BNDS’ shares are ordinary shares. So what we see here is an upgrade of the company, in terms of its market listing, in terms of who can invest in the company and we are able to go to novel Mercado, because now we own a much larger percentage of the company. So with one share one vote we still control this company. I say furthermore you might have seen there the Tietê is actually the good platform for growth. It has now almost 4 gigawatts or 100% renewable energy and we have been able to do some very innovative things there. So in terms of our big strategy it makes sense as well. So it makes sense from me money point of view, because we are buying it accretive. We are --it’s accretive at these prices. Second, I would say that, it’s a platform for growth and fits into our overall strategy of reducing our carbon intensity -- the carbon intensity of our footprint.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry. Last quick clarification, what’s the contribution from renewables in aggregate in 2020 and beyond just getting this question consistently.
Andrés Gluski: Look, right now including again renewables for hydro, it’s about a third of our fleet.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: On earnings terms?
Andrés Gluski: Earnings.
Gustavo Pimenta: It’s the same.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. I think it’s pretty much in line.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. I won’t press further. Thank you very much.
Andrés Gluski: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Angie Storozynski from Seaport Global. Go ahead.
Andrés Gluski: Hello, Angie.
Gustavo Pimenta: Angie.
Operator: Angie? Our next question is from Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hey. Good morning. I hope you all are doing well.
Andrés Gluski: Hey, Steve.
Stephen Byrd: Great update on a lot of fronts. Just on the storage side of things obviously the size of this business and the growth is impressive. Could you just speak maybe generally to the capital needs for this business, strategically how you think about the growth of this business within AES and just it’s just an unusual business given the incredibly rapid growth rate. I am just curious sort of strategically how are you thinking about this business?
Andrés Gluski: Well, we started 12 years ago. So we have a long history of energy storage and we have really been an innovator in applications. So we have decided to sell it to third-party via by Fluence and we are very happy with the partnership with Siemens, because it allows us to sell it in 160 countries. So what we are seeing saying is that there’s a very rapidly growing market. So Fluence itself we see a lot of new applications, not only the virtual reservoir, but I can see grid booster, which really reduces significant long-distance transmission expenses or investment. So that I think is the next front. So, I think, this is an area that’s going to grow very quickly. So how does it fit into, yeah, well, first and of course, we are happy with the investments we have made in Fluence. I think time will show that that was a very good investment. But it’s also good for us in the sense we are one of the big customers of Fluence. So today half of our product offerings have an energy storage component. So we have standalone storage, but we also have it integrated into solar as our award winning project out in Kovai. But we also have it in corporate, for example, wind. So when we talk about Green Blend & Extend and meeting customers’ future needs, if customers want a 24x7, for example, renewables, energy storage plays a big component. Now I am a believer in lithium ion batteries for -- our batteries, let’s say, electrical batteries because they don’t have to be lithium ion for the next five years to 10 years for many of the applications. And the reason is that it’s very -- as the batteries become more efficient, it become cheaper, you are basically going from electric to an elect -- in some cases a chemical back to electric and the losses are very low. There’s been a lot of talk about hydrogen, for example. Hydrogen has advantages and it has much greater energy density. So we see much -- many more applications in transportation where the weight of batteries precludes long distance, say, big truck using batteries. So I think this is a very interesting area. But if you are talking about sort of combining renewables with storage or day-to-day applications, we really think that battery seems to be the killer app. Now we have put a toe in the water into hydrogen as well. We have actually run some tests on old coal plants in Chile, basically cracking the hydrogen using renewable energy in around $35 a megawatt hour and it still comes out quite expensive. We do see it could be -- we have also run some tests on diesel and it might be interesting for micro-grids. So, we do have a electrolyzer in Chile where we -- actually in Argentina, excuse me, where we actually produce hydrogen for our own needs at the San Nicolas plant. So we have a foot into this. We are looking into this. But I just mention this, because there’s some people say, well, hydrogen will replace battery-based energy storage. And the reason we don’t see that is, at least in the short-term, is because you are going from electric to produce a chemical -- a chemical reaction then you have to store it cryogenically then you have to transport it, then you basically have to burn it again. So if you look at the energy from the original electricity losses to electricity again, you are talking about at least half, whereas with the battery you are talking about a much smaller percentage. Now of course, batteries don’t work for inter-seasonal differences. So, we are looking into it and we have some small experiments in some of our different units. And as I said, the one that looks more promising really are diesel units and we are certainly a believer of green hydrogen for transportation.
Stephen Byrd: That’s a great description of market potential of storage versus hydrogen. Thank you. And I wanted to shift over maybe just to your corporate relationships. Maybe we could just briefly touch on Google to make sure we just talk through the sort of the commercial relationship. I guess, there’s sort of an element of near-term fees plus longer term margin potential. But then also just thinking more broadly and maybe more importantly just about the potential for other such corporate relationships given AES’ global footprint and ability to help customers globally to decarbonize, if you could just talk to that opportunity broadly as well, please?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. Thank you for that question. I mean, we are investing very heavily into the U.S., as Gustavo says about 90% of what we are investing but we do have this wonderful global footprint. So if a client has global needs, we can satisfy those. So when you talk about the relationship with Google, we are -- we do our supply them with renewable energy in Chile and we did have the RFP. We have the RFP out for 1 gigawatt of zero carbon energy in PJM. We are also, as I mentioned in my speech, looking at other possibilities with them. I really can’t comment on them -- about them at this time. But it goes beyond just a single sort of RSP or a single PPA in one country, because we are doing I think a lot of innovative things like they are and so we have commonality of interests in some areas. But just like Google, I mean, of course, there are other companies that are also interested in our global footprint and having a, let’s say, common high-tech approach to reducing carbon emissions among multiple countries and we can certainly supply that.
Stephen Byrd: That’s great. Thank you so much.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Charles Fishman from Morningstar. Go ahead.
Charles Fishman: If I could firstly ask a housekeeping question on slide 18, while I guess, it’s a little more a housekeeping. But your receivable balance is going lower. Now, first of all, I assume that’s apples-to-apples, in other words you adjusted that from any businesses you divested between Q4 and Q2?
Gustavo Pimenta: That’s correct Charles. This is Gustavo. That’s correct.
Charles Fishman: Okay. I assume that, but just wanted to ask it now. And then, I guess, more of a big picture question, why do -- is there any particular reason you see your receivable balance going actually lower which is certainly great considering the environment, where among your -- there was nobody really appeared you guys, but other utilities, let’s say, which I realize are different businesses, most of them have T-Mobile balances going in the other direction. Anything that you are doing differently or I -- you probably have more contracted type generation I realize that, but is there anything else going on?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. No. I think you hit the nail on the head. It’s -- 85% of our business is contracted generation and we have creditworthy off-takers. So there are situations, for example, where say a currency depreciates, but the -- what they are exporting is actually then more attractive because they have a portion of their cost whether it be mining or other such things that they are exporting. So in general, our clients are doing well, much better than the markets than they are in. So I think that’s very important. But we are 85% contracted generation and that’s the big difference. So if you actually see why we got it down initially and we correctly forecast it that we would have a drop in demand with the quarantines at our utilities, at our distribution businesses. So that’s what’s going on. But other than that our plans are critical. So in those cases where we are selling to the creator or selling to which is in many cases backed by the government, we are make sure that we get paid, because we are absolutely critical to the grid or the low cost generator in that market. So we are very well-positioned in this crisis. So we don’t expect that to change certainly in the generation business given, say, the current outlook.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then, Andrés, if I can ask you one strategic question with respect to Fluence. Why a minority partner at this point? What is the thinking behind that?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. That’s a great question. Because this is a rapidly growing business and we think it has a great future and it’s coming up with new products. Part of it is that, both of us, Siemens and AES we would like to have a marker from a transaction. We are not going to sell down a very large stake we are talking around a 10% stake. So we think it would be just good to have to capitalize it, maybe 10% with an outside partner, and obviously, work towards a bigger sell down perhaps in two years, three years of an IPO, but ---- and then we will have to reassess strategically how we feel about this business. But we feel very good about that business. And as I said, I think that this is a market, which is growing very rapidly. Now something that people haven’t talked about, I think, so much is, if you do have a change in federal policies in the U.S. to promote green or carbon free generation, we are very well-positioned, Fluence is very well-positioned. But specifically, AES, because we have a pipeline of 15 gigawatts of potential projects in the U.S. and those run the range from quite advanced to medium advanced. If we looked at just hypothetical projects it’s a much bigger number. So we feel good that we have a pipeline that we could execute on and potentially double our rate of growth of renewable build in the U.S. should there be such a change.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And the partner then very well could be financial rather than just somebody like yourself that’s also selling the Fluence product?
Andrés Gluski: No. No.
Charles Fishman: Correct?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. No. No. Absolutely. Absolutely.
Charles Fishman: Okay.
Andrés Gluski: So a lot of people are looking at just financials. We are looking at a good investment with an eye towards a potential IPO two years to three years from now?
Charles Fishman: Got it. Okay. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Charles.
Operator: Our next question is from Angie Storozynski from Seaport Global. Go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So sorry I missed my first presenter [ph]. So I have a number of questions. So first on Fluence, I mean, incredible results by the way. But on Fluence, so the attempts to monetize the business, which I don’t think that you are being paid in the current stock price for Fluence among others. So is there any EPS contribution for Fluence in 2020 or even in 2022?
Andrés Gluski: No. No. I mean, this year it will -- it should be probably about 1 -- $0.01…
Angie Storozynski: Okay.
Andrés Gluski: And the reason for that is even though it’s like margin positive and we haven’t been putting more money in as that is very rapid growth is because R&D you have to spend. So, for example, all the design work…
Angie Storozynski: Yeah.
Andrés Gluski: … the production work of the next-generation of the sixth-generation, well, that is expense. So we have talked probably, I’d say, around two years for it to turn positive in terms of EPF and what basically happens is the fastest growth, the more new profit you have to come out with, you delay that turning to positive. So it’s a business. It could be positive if that was the objective but the objective is to create value. So we think of sales down, as you say, will give us a marker. So people say, well, how much does it worth, well, somebody just paid extra, like we did…
Angie Storozynski: Yeah.
Andrés Gluski: … for example with the gas business in the Dominican Republic, people weren’t giving us much value and we were able to show what it was worth to the third parties.
Angie Storozynski: And the second question, so it’s a two part question. So one, is there’s like a rule of thumb that I can, say, for example, to 2021 you will have additional 2,000 megawatts of renewables in operation and granted it’s probably going to be scattered throughout the year. But can I say for instance that 100 megawatts adds X in EPS?
Andrés Gluski: Well, it will depend a little bit, because it depends what you are inaugurating, right, and where. So there’s a difference between solar and wind, and there’s a difference outside of the U.S. because of tax. So it’s, there’s no rule of thumb for just like 100 megawatts. I don’t know Gustavo can comment.
Gustavo Pimenta: No. What I will do is, we are putting on average $300 million, $350 million per year, right? So that’s our …
Angie Storozynski: Okay.
Gustavo Pimenta: … equity in the project, we have been partners so and so. If you assume, call it, 12% return on average, you are going to come up with the EPS accretion that those deals are bringing to us.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah.
Angie Storozynski: Awesome. Awesome. And now a bigger picture question, so I have been actually looking at it. So, as you become investment grade, I know you are already investment grade, by such, but you get those additional investment grade ratings, would you ever consider not a project finance but corporate level debt to fund the growth, I understand that there is the issue of finite life of the contract for the renewables, but I think that there is this growing conviction even among investors that the useful life of these assets is going to be longer than the duration of the original contract and under project financing you are in a sense the debt amortization, most the cash flows of the project and so the real equity attrition is only at the end of this contract. So in a sense you could help you help quite meaningfully from a cash flow perspective if you were started to rely on corporate level debt -- on corporate debt?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. Let me soft of answer philosophically and then I will pass it to Gustavo. Look, philosophically we like doing project level debt, because it’s an acid test. So since I have been CEO almost all of our major projects, I think, with the exception of Southland, we brought in a partner. And the reason was that bankers have first debt on the cash flow. So you have to convince somebody a third-party that you are going to operate this and that they think it’s a good project as well. So given that philosophically we like using project level debt and so I don’t see that changing for the time, there are advantages of certain roll ups. We can aggregate at the sublevel. Gener has debt, for example, Tietê has debt, which would get some of those advantages. But we think that the discipline of having to project finance is good and having to bring in partners is good. So…
Gustavo Pimenta: I think, Andrés you covered well. I mean, it brings more discipline to the process. It also allows us to amortize the debt within the PPA timeframe, which we like. We don’t want to count on post-PPA period to pay for debt quite frankly. So it’s just more disciplined. I think the projects are more sustainable when we validate them at the project level, right, with the debt there and all the amortization within the PPA flow.
Angie Storozynski: And just one follow-up if I can on Fluence, so we saw the results of the investigation by APS on the root cause of the storage system accident, and we also saw some response from LG and APS seems to suggest that their need to some changes in the configuration of those storage systems going forward. I haven’t necessarily seen the response on Fluence. But is there any fundamental change and how you think those storage designs need to be adjusted and if there is any need to make adjustments to your already existing operating systems?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. I think, look, that was a unit that was inaugurated in 2017. We are two generations away from that. The issue as we see it was with a series of LG Chem batteries, a specific series that we are produced in some factories. So we have operated for 12 years. This is the first, I will say, serious incident we have had. But really the best standards are, for example, UL 9045A and if you look at the best-in-class standards, the sixth-generation incorporates all these. So if you look at, for example, it doesn’t require -- it’s not contained, so it’s actually outside. The modules are separated, so you don’t have contagion. It has enhanced fire suppression systems on it. And in the worst case, should there be any type of thermal event since it’s not enclosed the heat and the any gases would rise. So, definitely we feel that, we have taken all the lessons learned from this event. We have incorporated into the new design and really safety was one of our number one priority. So, again, we have 12 years of operating these and we -- this is the one really event that we have had. Now regarding those cases which weren’t that many, I think, you can count on them one hand that all those units that had that series of battery in them. We immediately put out instructions of not to charge them like -- instructions you get on your Tesla car, not to charge them above 75% and we have taken corrective actions and we have given more information, more training for like local fire units, et cetera. So, yeah, we -- as you know, safety is number one value, super important for us. We have been very serious and very diligent, I think, about looking into this and supporting our clients and supporting our local fire departments on this. But I feel very good that the sixth-generation cube is the safest unit out there and incorporates all of the suggestions that are out there technically.
Angie Storozynski: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Sunderland from JP Morgan. Go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions here.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Richard.
Richard Sunderland: Just starting off, with the opportunity around delinking PPAs, could you provide a little bit more color around that opportunity versus your current financing plan and you may be assumed asset sales as well. Is there an inter-player offset potentially with this new consideration or is it more of another tool in the tool bag down the road?
Andrés Gluski: We have always said that and there had a lot of tools to address its financing needs, because it’s growing so fast, they have been so successful on Green Blend & Extend. We really can’t comment on some of these transactions until they close. But there are several transactions where we are delinking the PPA, which in some cases was specific to a given asset. So like this power plant has this PPA, we are delinking them and allowing us greater flexibility in terms of how we satisfy their demand or requirements of the customers. So I really can’t give you too much color on it other than saying that it will help us, it will help Gener with its financing plan. And so it’s very likely that any capital contribution from us will be in 2021 instead of 2020 this year. So we tend to be very conservative, so we saw that these have been advancing. So prior to having these as advanced as they are today, we had talked about AES putting in the money this year. So that I think is the main change. So I’d say stay tuned and we can give you more color as these transactions close.
Richard Sunderland: Great. We will look forward to that. And then just a quick clean up question, the inclusion this quarter I believe it was recovery of expense payments from customers in Chile. Just -- was this in your plan specifically in the 2020 plan included in guidance?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yeah. I mean this is at the AES Crop level, I mean this is above couple cents in this quarter when you normalized partnership adjustment and so on. It was included -- this is a good guy meaning cash and earnings from prior expenses, pass-through cost that we have with some particular clients and we are able to firm up those receivables back.
Richard Sunderland: Yeah. But this was baked into the original guidance?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes.
Richard Sunderland: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Richard.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Ahmed Pasha for closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you. Thanks everybody for joining us on today’s call. As always, the IR will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thanks. Thanks again and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the AES Corporation First Quarter 2020 Financial Review Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2020 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can be found on our website along with the presentation.  Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team.  With that, I will turn the call over to Andres. Andres?
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter financial review call. Today, I will discuss the current state of our business and our strategic goals going forward. We are well positioned to withstand the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and are seeing the benefits of our multiyear effort to enhance the resilience of our business. The vast majority of our earnings come from long-term contracted generation, which provides significant protection from the downturn in electricity demand and prices.  Furthermore, our liquidity position is strong. We have no major near-term debt amortizations, and we continue to improve our investment-grade metrics. Our construction projects are progressing on schedule without any supply chain disruptions, and we are on track to grow our renewables backlog and achieve our environmental goals.  The net effect of this is that despite seeing double-digit reductions in demand in some of our markets, we are lowering our earnings guidance for the year by only 5% to a range of $1.32 to $1.42. We are reaffirming our expectations for 2020 parent free cash flow and our longer-term growth projections for both adjusted EPS and current free cash flow. Gustavo will provide an overview of our first quarter financial results, our liquidity and our guidance in more detail.  Turning to Slide 4. Today, I will focus my discussion on the 3 core themes of resilience, sustainable growth and leadership in innovation. Beginning on Slide 5 with the resilience. These are certainly unprecedented times with a global pandemic and a sharp economic downturn, resulting from restrictions on travel, mobility and work. Fortunately, for AES, as you may recall from our last quarterly call, we were closely monitoring the spread of COVID-19 and taking steps to reduce its impact on our business.  We began to implement our plans for all nonessential personnel to work remotely by the first week of March, increased our stocks of fuel and PPE at our plants and work sites and built up cash liquidity at all levels of our portfolio. We also ensured that national and local governments recognize the critical importance of the service we provide and classified our operations as essential, facilitating the movement of personnel to our generation plants, utilities and construction sites.  As a result of all of these early actions, we have continued to deliver our services without any significant impact and have minimized contagion among our people and contractors. To date, only 10 AES people out of a population of 9,000 have tested positive for the virus. And more importantly, none have become seriously ill or hospitalized. Of these, 5 have been deemed recovered and virus-free.  Turning to Slide 6. Our resilience comes not just from our actions to address the crisis but from our fundamental business model. Across our portfolio, we have an average remaining contract life of 14 years. Approximately 70% of our business is long-term contracted generation with the vast majority in U.S. dollars or euros. Nearly all of our offtakers are investment grade, and our contracts are primarily for capacity with our revenue relatively unaffected by the actual energy produced. Thus, this part of our business is very resilient to a downturn in energy prices and demand.  We have an additional 15% of our business, which is generation with shorter-term contracts, which has some modest exposure to spot prices. The remaining 15% of our business is regulated utilities, principally in the U.S., and this is where we have been most impacted by the decrease in demand. We saw a net reduction of around 10% in April, mainly from commercial and industrial customers, and we expect lower demand to continue for several months before recovering by early next year.  We are taking measures to offset the reduction in 2020 earnings, primarily through cost savings that we are realizing from our digital initiatives. For example, investments we have made over the past two years have made it possible for much of our staff to work remotely, including many positions on the operational side. We expect some degree of remote work and the associated benefits to continue even in a post pandemic world. Through these and other initiatives, we expect to deliver additional cost savings of around $50 million this year, which Gustavo will cover in more detail.  Now let me turn to Slide 7 and our second theme, sustainable growth, which continues to be a key area of focus. Despite the current crisis, we remain on track with our current growth projections and ambitions to triple our renewables portfolio by 2024 versus 2016. Our backlog is now 5.3 gigawatts, of which 1.8 gigawatts are currently under construction. Turning to Slide 8. Construction includes the 531 megawatt hydro at Alto Maipo in Chile, which continues to progress according to our prior schedule. Phase 1 is now more than 93% complete. The turbines are in place and only 2.7 miles of tunneling out of a total of 46 remains to complete Phase 1 and start operations early next year. Of our more than 30 renewable projects under construction, only 2 small ones have been affected to date by the COVID-19 lockdown. Both are in upstate New York, where we had to temporarily stop work.  Fortunately, as you may recall from our fourth quarter call, we took very early steps to ensure we had solar PV panels and our balance of plant in-country and at our construction sites as we foresaw potential supply chain bottlenecks in China and Korea. Turning to Slide 9. I am pleased to announce the start of commissioning of the world's most efficient solar project, Andes Solar in Chile, which at 37% has the world's highest capacity factor as a result of using bifacial PV panels and a high solar irradiation, combined with the low temperatures of the Atacama desert.  Building on our innovation in solar, we are bringing a new prefabricated PV design to our projects, starting with an initial 10 megawatts in Chile. We are finalizing a strategic partnership with a company that has a patented design that not only allows for construction to be completed in half the time but can also double the energy output per acre versus today's best-in-class project designs. We expect to expand this solar PV technology to many of our projects in the future to allow for faster construction, more efficient use of land and new C&I offerings.  Regarding new PPA signed, so far this year, we have added approximately 700 megawatts of new renewable PPAs to our backlog, mostly in Chile and the U.S. Thanks to our leadership in innovation, we continue to see mid-teen levered returns on our renewable projects at the stand-alone project level. We are on track to deliver between 2 and 3 gigawatts of new renewable PPAs this year and growth in demand for smaller projects in the U.S. remains especially strong. In Chile and Colombia, our green blend and extend strategy has resulted in 2.5 gigawatts of new PPAs and the construction of 1.6 gigawatts of new renewables.  Now on to Slide 10. In addition to wind and solar, our Energy Storage business also continues to grow rapidly, both through our own projects and through Fluence, our joint venture with Siemens, which sells energy storage systems to third parties. Both aspects of our business are benefiting from an acceleration in demand for battery based systems. Today, about half of our solar bids in the U.S. include an energy storage component. New markets and application also continue to emerge, such as Virginia's 3.1 gigawatt energy storage mandate and Germany's plan to add up to 6 gigawatts to support the transmission network.  Even in the midst of the current crisis, in early April, we signed a 15-year PPA for 100 megawatts of 4-hour duration energy storage in Southern California through sPower. I'm also very proud that we will soon be commissioning the world's first virtual reservoir at the Alfalfal hydro complex just outside Santiago, Chile. This virtual reservoir consists of 10 megawatts of 5-hour batteries, which allow for dispatching the run of the river hydro largely at night when solar power is not available and energy prices are higher. We will be increasing this virtual reservoir to 250 megawatts over the next couple of years, and there are several smaller virtual reservoir projects in late-stage development in the U.S.  Fluence currently has an all-time high of 1.3 gigawatts of energy storage systems under construction, which include some of the largest projects in the world. This year, we will be rolling out our sixth generation energy storage technology platform. It is both factory assembled and modular, and will improve reliability, increase the speed of execution and lower costs.  Through our growth in renewables and energy storage, we continue to make progress towards our ambitious environmental goals. As you can see on Slide 11, we remain committed to reducing our coal generation to less than 30% of our gigawatt hours by the end of this year, which will make us compliant with ESG standards set by Norges Bank, among other institutions. We expect to realize this target through the continued sale and decommissioning of coal plants, along with the execution of our extensive backlog of renewable projects.  Finally, turning to our leadership and innovation on Slide 12. We continue to move forward on a number of innovative solutions that we see as highly relevant for the long-term future of the industry. One example is Uplight, which, as a reminder, works with more than 80 electric and gas utilities in the U.S., reaching more than 100 million households and businesses, providing a suite of digital solutions.  We expect revenue growth of 30% this year, fueled in part by utilities' desire to improve customers' experiences in a capital-efficient digital way. Another example of our innovation is our partnership with Google, which is progressing well. We continue to make headway on a number of initiatives that we will be in a position to announce in the near future.  Now I would like to pass the call to Gustavo Pimenta, our CFO, so he can provide more color on our results, debt profile and guidance.
Gustavo Pimenta: Thank you, Andres. Today, I will cover our financial results, credit profile and capital allocation. I will conclude by addressing the impact of COVID-19 on our guidance for this year and expectations through 2022. In the first quarter, we made good progress on our key financial metrics. As shown on Slide 14, adjusted EPS was $0.29 versus $0.28 in Q1 2019, in line with our expectations. We benefited from higher contributions from the MCAC SBU, largely due to improved availability and hydrology in Panama as well as lower effective tax rate. These positive drivers were partially offset by the reversion to prior rates at DPL in Ohio and mild weather at our regulated utilities in the U.S.  Turning to Slide 15. Adjusted pretax contribution, or PTC, was $250 million for the quarter, a decrease of $22 million versus the first quarter of 2019. I'll cover our results in more detail over the next four slides, beginning on Slide 16. In the U.S. and Utilities SBU, lower PTC reflects the reversion to ESP 1 rates at DPL as well as mild weather at both DPL and IPL. These impacts were partially offset by contributions from new renewable projects. At our South America SBU, higher PTC was largely driven by lower interest expense and realized FX gains in Chile, partially offset by a planned major outage at our hydro plant in Colombia as part of a larger project to extend its useful life. Higher PTC at our MCAC SBU reflects the return to operations at our Sanginel hydro plant in Panama, following an extended major outage in 2019, as well as improved availability at our Colon plant. We also benefited from improved hydrology in Panama following a very dry year in 2019.  Finally, in Eurasia. Lower results primarily reflect the sale of our business in the United Kingdom. Before moving on, I want to provide an update on the DP&L in Ohio on Slide '20. As we discussed on our fourth quarter call, after reverting to previous ESP 1 rates, the DP&L was required to pass certain regulatory tasks, including the significantly excessive earnings test, or SEET. In April, DP&L began this process by filing an application with the commission. There is a comment period set for July and potential hearing, if needed, set for October. A final ruling is expected by early 2021. We feel good about our ability to best this test and maintain ESP 1 rates.  As we have said in the past, AES continues to be fully committed to the DP&L. We are now planning to invest approximately $900 million in its grid over the next 4 years, including base distribution, transmission and its market investments, which will lead to low double-digit rate base growth through 2023. To that end, AES plans to invest $300 million of new equity in the DP&L, half of it this year and the other half in 2021. These investments will allow DP&L to continue to provide safe and reliable service, while materially improving the experience we deliver to our customers and preserving very competitive rates.  Now turning to our credit profile on Slide '21. As we discussed on our fourth quarter call, between 2011 and 2019, we reduced our parent debt by $3.1 billion, which is about 50%. At year-end, our parent leverage was 3.7x and our FFO to debt was 21%, comfortably within the investment-grade threshold of 4x and 20%, respectively. Currently, we have $800 million of borrowings under the revolver, roughly half of which was drawn as precautionary measure to reinforce our cash position.  We expected to end the year with a 0 revolver balance and credit metrics that are even stronger than in 2019. We are also maintaining our regular dialogue with the rating agencies and continue to be on track to receive our second investment-grade rating. While the fundamental credit strength of AES remains unchanged, given the current macro environment, we believe the timing of this upgrade is now more likely to be closer to year-end.  Moving on to liquidity on Slide 22. In times of uncertainty, we recognize that cash is king. To that end, we are in the strongest financial position of our history. We have $3.3 billion in available liquidity, 2/3 of which is in cash. This is more than sufficient to meet any unforeseen needs over the remainder of the year.  Turning to our receivables on Slide 23, which have remained stable over the last few years. We have been monitoring our receivables very closely to ensure they are within the 45- to 60-day grace period allowed under our contracts. And so far, through April, they are in line. It is worthwhile to mention that in a few of our markets, governments have declared a payment moratorium for certain residential utility clients as the lockdown is in place. While we are mostly removed from this impact as a generator, this could create some additional working capital needs at certain businesses. To that end, we are working with multilateral organizations, such as the Inter-American Development Bank to create mechanism for securitizing receivables in these markets.  Now turning to our refinancing needs in 2020 on Slide 24. As you may know, we have been proactively strengthening our debt maturity profile. In fact, just last year, we executed more than $5 billion in liability management across our portfolio. As a result, we have only $300 million of debt to be refinanced for the remainder of the year, most of which is at our U.S. utilities. We are pleased to see investor interest in the $407 million IPALCO refinanced we recently completed, with the deal being 5x oversubscribed, reducing our refinancing needs to just over $300 million for the remainder of the year.  Now to 2020 parent capital allocation on Slide 25. Beginning on the left-hand side, sources reflect $1.4 billion of total discretionary cash, which is largely consistent with our previous disclosure. Moving to uses on the right-hand side. Including the 5% dividend increase we announced in December, we'll be returning $381 million to shareholders this year. We do not plan any additional debt reduction beyond repayment of the temporary drawings on our revolver, which was $180 million at the end of 2019.  Our credit metrics are strong and will continue to improve on the strength of our cash flow alone. And we plan to invest $565 million in our subsidiaries, including our equity for the Southland repowering, our renewables backlog and the $150 million investment in grid modernization at DPL this year. This leave us with up to $452 million to be allocated. The amount is largely a function of the asset sales we plan to close this year. The use of this cash may include investment in AES Gener, Green Blend & Extend strategy, as we discussed on our last call. The timing of this investment is dependent on AES Gener's funding needs, so it may be later this year or early next year.  Next, moving to our capital allocation from 2020 through 2022, beginning on Slide 26. We continue to expect our portfolio to generate $3.4 billion in discretionary cash, 3/4 of this is expected to be generated from parent free cash flow, with the remaining $900 million coming from asset sale proceeds.  Turning to the uses of this discretionary cash on Slide 27. Roughly, 1/3 of this cash will be allocated to shareholder dividends. Looking forward, subject to annual review by the Board, we continue to expect to increase the dividend by 4% to 6% per year, in line with the industry average. We are also expecting to use $1.9 billion to invest in our backlog, new project and PPAs, T&D investments at IPL, the partial funding of our Vietnam LNG project and the investment in AES Gener, I just discussed. This $1.9 billion also includes the $300 million infrastructure investment in DP&L, which is incremental to our last call. Once completed, these projects will contribute to our growth through 2022 and beyond.  Finally, turning to our guidance and the impact of COVID-19 on Slide 28. As Andres mentioned, AES is well positioned to weather this storm due to the actions we have taken over the last several years to improve the resilience of our portfolio. So let me start first with the impact from commodities and FX.  Despite significant volatility in both markets, we are expecting an impact of only $0.03. This is because today, our business is mostly contracted and denominated in U.S. dollars, materially reducing our exposure. We are also forecasting a $0.02 impact due to a higher interest expense as a result of drawing on our revolving credit facilities to reinforce our liquidity. Like many other companies in our sector, we are also seeing an impact on demand, primarily at our regulated utilities, including IPL and DPL, where we do not currently benefit from the coupling protection. In April, we saw C&I demand decline in the mid-teens at both businesses, with a partial offset of about 6% from an increased residential demand, where we have better margins.  Internationally, demand has dropped 5% to 15% in our key markets. But again, in those markets, our model is mostly based on take-or-pay contracts or tolling agreements with limited exposure to demand. The impact from lower demand across our portfolio is expected to be $0.07 in 2020.  Although projecting future load, GDP recovery is very challenging in this unprecedented times, we are currently assuming demand will have an extended U-shaped recovery with a mid-teens average decline across our portfolio in the second quarter, high single digits in the third quarter and low single digits in the fourth quarter, not returning to precrisis levels until next year. As a reference, and assuming our current geographic mix, a 1% change in the year to go demand translates into an approximately $0.01 impact on our full year earnings.  We have also been working very hard on potential levers to offset this impact and are expecting an incremental cost savings in the year of about $0.05. As Andres mentioned, most of these savings are coming from our digital and laser-focused cost control initiatives. This includes reduced maintenance and lower fixed costs and G&A.  Turning to Slide 29. As a result, we are reducing the midpoint of our guidance by 5% or $0.07 with a new range of $1.32 to $1.42. On the parent free cash flow side, we are not seeing an impact versus our previously communicated goal of $725 million to $775 million as a result of the strength and diversification of our portfolio. We are also reaffirming our 7% to 9% average annual growth rate through 2022. Although it is disappointing to revise our adjusted EPS guidance for the year, the limited impact we are seeing in the midst of an unprecedented global crisis, illustrates the current strength of our portfolio and balance sheet.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. The fundamentals of our business remain strong, and our portfolio of largely long-term contracted generation is resilient in the current pandemic and related economic downturn. Therefore, we remain on track to achieve our strategic goals of greening our portfolio, leading in new technologies and attaining a second investment-grade rating. We have already taken steps this year to strengthen our liquidity and further reduce costs to mitigate the impact on earnings from decreases in our sales.  Although we expect a 5% reduction in this year's earnings, we are reaffirming our 2020 parent free cash flow and longer-term growth rates in earnings, cash and dividends. We expect to generate $3.4 billion of discretionary cash through 2022, which we will invest to continue to deliver double-digit returns to our shareholders.  And finally, I would like to thank the people of AES, who through their discipline and hard work are ensuring safe, reliable and affordable energy in all of the markets we serve.  Operator, I now would like to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Ryan Greenwald with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: So maybe if we can just start with asset sales. It looks like Jordan through late last month. So if you kind of just talk about your commitment there and you're confidence to get out of the sales on those in here?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Look, our asset sales continue to progress. In the specific case of Jordan, I don't think is as binary as you described. So we remain confident of closing a number of sales this year, and there's continued interest in those assets, and we're making progress. I would add that we're really not depending this year for any asset sales to fund our growth. So we remain confident. We think that we'll close a number of sales. There's interest. And of course, we don't talk about them until they're actually completed.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Fair enough. And then I appreciate all the commentary around demand trends and sensitivities. But could you just allude a little more to any latitude you might have under a more severe protracted scenario? I know you kind of alluded to $50 million in additional savings already?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. So first, I want to be clear that we're trying to be as transparent as possible. So as Gustavo described, what we're seeing is, quite frankly, continued reduction in demand, lower demand for the remainder of the year. So most severe in the second quarter. And then you have a single-digit -- high single-digit decline in the third quarter and lower single-digit decline in the fourth, and only recovering in the first quarter of next year. So that's our assumption. So that really would is consistent with a U-shaped recovery or even a double U-shaped recovery.  If things are more severe, we are in a resilient case. And of course, we have more latitude on different levers that we can pull. I would add that because what we did very early on was increase our liquidity, we have about $0.02 of having that additional liquidity on hand. But I think that was the right thing to do given that there was a lot of uncertainty.  So we have a very good track record of cost controls and reductions. And I think that, again, we will react given to how we see the situation evolving. Now we did mention $0.05 this year, mostly from our digital initiatives. And I think that we have learned how to work remotely. And there are more digital tools that we can implement, and we expect to -- that these savings will continue into next year. So we have some continued additional upside because that's really not in next year's numbers.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then just lastly, the interest capitalization that you guys did at Alto Maipo, is that included in adjusted EPS?
Andrés Gluski: It is. It is included in the adjusted EPS.
Unidentified Analyst: And what was kind of the thinking there?
Andrés Gluski: No, that's just an adjustment based on the history of the project. We've adjusted this year as the team refined the calculation. So it impacted Q1 this year.
Operator: Out next question will come from Charles Fishman of Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Andres, you mentioned a 10% reduction in demand in April at the U.S. utilities, was that weather normalized?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, that's weather normalized.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then earlier this week or it might have been late last week, there was an article in The Wall Street Journal about the impact of the pandemic in Brazil. And it was -- looked pretty severe. Are you noticing -- obviously, you got boots on the ground in there. Are you noticing anything? Is there any color you can add? You've got a significant interest in Tiete? You've got other solar projects in Brazil and maybe just expand that to Argentina as well.
Andrés Gluski: Sure. So let's take maybe sort of the Latin American region. So first, the reaction there will be different, perhaps by country, but it's also somewhat different than the developed countries. So there's a number of things. First, in general, they were quite quick lock down. Brazil was an exception to that and Mexico. But in most countries, the lockdown was quite severe and quite early.  Second, they will be lifting these restrictions. But in general, the pandemic has been less severe in those countries than it has in the developed world. What we do know about the pandemic is that the, quite frankly, biggest drivers are age. And the second is obesity rates. So when you think of age, a lot of these countries have an average age of 30, which is very different from an average age of almost 50 in some of the developed countries. So the pandemic will have a different effect there.  So I'd say the main difference is how much fiscal stimulus can they apply to react to that. So what we're seeing is -- again, it varies by country, but some of the smaller countries have had pretty aggressive fiscal stimulus. And they have gone out and basically assured the liquidity in countries like Panama, for example, have assured the liquidity on hand.  And then Gustav also mentioned that we have worked with the -- even though we're not in most cases, not directly affected because it's more at the distribution company level, but we've also been working with multilateral institutions to have windows to a discount accounts receivable. But the vast bulk of our clients are multinationals, investment-grade multinationals in these countries.  So taking a specific case of Brazil, I mean, as of yet, we have -- it's in one of those countries in the range that Gustavo talked about, between sort of 5% to 15% of our key countries. In Brazil, it's different very much state to state. Brazil is 1 of the countries where we don't have the long-term contracts. They tend to be shorter-term contracts. So there has been some effect there in Brazil, and it's also the 1 of the ones that we have in local currency. Brazil is obviously 1 that's been affected.  What is our feeling about it? I think, again, in general, these countries will open up. The effects of the pandemic will be somewhat different because of the demographics of it. Personally, I think that 1 of the things to watch is commodity prices. Because that will maybe even have a bigger effect than some of the shutdowns, given the large informal sectors that these countries have.  You mentioned Argentina. Argentina is doing very well on the shutdown in terms of its few cases, very controlled cases. And I would say that the main thing to watch in Argentina is debt refinancing or debt restructuring, let's say, that they're undergoing now. You will notice that our parent free cash flow is unchanged, but we have a decrease in earnings. One of the -- that's reflecting in part Argentina, where you've had significant devaluations. And you've had some degradation of our tariffs. But we weren't expecting to get any dividends out of it.  One of the other businesses affected was the P&L, for example, where we don't expect any dividend. So that's -- I just wanted to explain why our cash remains unchanged and we're seeing a decrease in dividend. So regarding Latin America, in general, I'm pleased by the reaction of a lot of countries. The populations have been very supportive of their governments in that respect. And given the different demographics, it will evolve differently. So I do expect them to start opening up. Depends on the country. But later on this month and certainly by June. And the -- again, the reaction of a younger population will be different.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Andres, that's very helpful. Just 1 final question on DP&L. The $300 million incremental investment over the next couple of years. Is that dependent on the resolution of the earnings test or any other regulatory things you need to put in place before you make that investment announcement?
Andrés Gluski: So the first 150 -- the answer is no for the C test because we feel pretty good about it. Our average ROE filed is below 10% and our recommended threshold is around 16%. So we feel good about that one. But we are discussing an acceleration of our smart grid plan. Remember, we had filed for a smart grid plan 2 years ago, and we are now resuming that conversation. So we're expecting to have the approval to fund the second $150 million, and that's going to come as we get more clarity around this market approval.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next Richard Rosen with Columbia [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. How is it that, that expectations for new renewable signings should be thought of and financing thereof? Should there be more issues in getting financing going forward?
Andrés Gluski: Let me see if I understood the question. In terms of how we are proceeding with our renewables as we were before. We are getting project financing. We are seeing perhaps some areas be stronger than other areas. As I said, smaller projects in the states, we see demand particularly strong. At this point, about -- if you look at our renewables about 1 quarter is related to energy storage, and we see demand there very strong.  So I guess the question is, we basically see demand for like energy storage projects and renewables, especially for utilities is very strong. We have the green blend and extend angle in Latin America, and that remains strong for large, especially mining offtakers.
Unidentified Analyst: Your goal has been, what, 2 to 3 gigawatts a year. Is that still a reasonable expectation?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, absolutely. And if you look at our run rate for the first trimester, it was 700 megawatts. So that's, quite frankly, almost on the button of what we were doing last year.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, the world changed between Q1 and Q2, which is why -- but you're keeping that expectation. That's really fantastic. Okay. That's it. And stay safe.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, everybody, for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you, and stay safe. Bye-bye. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the AES Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Review Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Anita. Good morning, and welcome to our full year 2019 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andres. Andres?
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our financial review call. Today, I will discuss our 2019 performance and our strategy to continue delivering attractive returns to our shareholders. I'll begin with some of the key highlights for this call on Slide 3. In 2019, we earned $1.36 of adjusted EPS, 10% higher than in 2018 and toward the top end of our range of $1.30 to $1.38. We're reaffirming our 7% to 9% average annual growth in adjusted EPS and Parent Free Cash flow through 2022. In 2019, after reducing our Parent Debt by half, we were upgraded to an investment grade rating for the first time in AES history. In 2019, we completed construction of 2.2 gigawatts of new projects. We also signed 2.8 gigawatts of renewable contracts, bringing our backlog to 6.1 gigawatts. This pace puts us on track to nearly triple our portfolio of renewables in operation to 22 gigawatts by the end of 2024 versus 2016. We achieved critical milestones in expanding our LNG infrastructure in the Dominican Republic, Panama and Vietnam. To accelerate a broader adoption of clean energy, we are delivering innovative energy solutions through our leading platforms, including Fluence, Uplight, and our strategic alliance with Google. Considering our success to-date in substantially lowering our carbon intensity, today, I'm announcing a target to reduce our coal fire generations to below 30% measured in megawatt hours by the end of this year. Furthermore, we expect to reduce it to less than 10% by 2030. Turning now to our strategy on slide 4, we spent the last several years positioning AES to lead the energy transition and cementing our place is a top renewables developer throughout the Western Hemisphere. Today, I will discuss the three core themes of our strategy. Investing in sustainable growth, offering innovative solutions and delivering superior results. Through our strong presence in key markets, we are well positioned to benefit from the global transition towards more sustainable energy. In these markets, we see growth in clean energy of 30 gigawatts per year. By capitalizing on our competitive position, and the dynamics favoring clean power generation, we have had great success in increasing our backlog of signed PPAs. Turning now to the backlog of projects beginning on slide 5. In 2019, we signed long-term PPAs for 2.8 gigawatts of which approximately half is wind, 40% is solar and 10% is energy storage. 40% of this capacity is in the U.S., and 60% is located internationally. Turning to slide 6, beginning with the U.S. Our sPower and AES distributed energy businesses maintain their momentum adding more than one gigawatt of new long-term contracted renewable projects to our backlog. The rate of growth from our distributed energy business is particularly impressive. In 2019, it signed 365 megawatts under long-term PPAs, three times more than in 2018. One of the reasons for this business’ success is its deep knowledge of customers and specific markets, including Hawaii, and the Northeastern U.S. For example, in Hawaii, we delivered the world's largest solar plus storage project, and during the year, we were awarded an additional 205 megawatts of similar projects. As a reminder, our renewable investments are expected to produce low to high teen IRRs across our markets, assuming conservative terminal values. We have some unique advantages that allow us to earn these attractive returns such as our presence in growth markets and our 25 gigawatts of development pipeline, including land and interconnection rights, our ability to bring low cost capital to optimize AES’s return on equity and our relationship with key customers, including those for whom we are implementing our green plant and extend product. Now to slide 7, as of the end of last year, our backlog of projects with signed PPAs was 6.1 gigawatt, half of which was under construction. Approximately 80% of the total or 4.8 gigawatts are renewable, split among hydro, solar, wind, and energy storage. In terms of the 3 gigawatts, that was under construction, I am pleased to announce that the 1.3 gigawatt Southland Repowering project achieved commercial operations on February 6. This project was completed ahead of time and slightly under budget, and it's helping support the reliability of the grid in Southern California. The remaining 1.7 gigawatts under construction are renewables and energy storage. The majority of these projects are expected to come online in 2020 and the remainder in 2021. In addition to our 6.1 gigawatt backlog, and the 2 to 3 gigawatts of annual renewable PPAs that we expect to sign, we see opportunities for attractive investments that are not currently included in our forecast, such as further rate base growth at DPL and IPL as well as more renewables and energy storage. Turning to slide 9, another example of how we're achieving sustainable growth is AES Gener, which is one of our most important businesses. AES Gener is transforming its portfolio by growing its wind and solar businesses and strengthening its balance sheet. Under its green blend and extend strategy, AES Gener negotiating new long-term renewable PPAs with existing customers, which preserve the value of its thermal contract and create incremental value with long-term contracted renewables. Customers receive carbon free energy at less than the marginal cost of thermal power, enabling them to meet their sustainability goals and affordable energy needs. In 2018, AES Gener announced that screen blend and extend strategy. And today I'm pleased to report that since then, it has executed 2.5 gigawatts of long-term renewable contracts, the majority of which were signed in the last 12 months. As a result, AES Gener has significantly diversified its generation mix, and has positioned itself to deliver attractive long-term growth. Specifically, these new contracts will more than double its renewable capacity and largely offset the roll off of legacy contracts in Chile to 2024. In Columbia, AES Gener is successfully expanding from a single hydro asset to a broader portfolio, which will include wind and solar. AES Gener will primarily serve its green blend and extend contracts through a combination of 1.6 gigawatts of new renewable capacity and its existing portfolio. We expect these new projects to deliver mid teen returns to AES. In addition to this new capacity, the Alto Maipo hydroelectric complex will be substantially completed by the end of this year and will help supply these new PPAs. Gustavo will discuss how AES Gener will fund the 1.6 gigawatts of new investment, including AESs participation. Now to slide 10, and the second theme of our strategy. In addition to growing our core infrastructure business, we're also developing new solutions to meet increasing customer demand for 24x7 renewable power and greater energy efficiency. Our focus is on solutions that are scalable and relatively capital light, which allow us to work with our customers to co create applications that meet their most critical energy needs. A key platform for us in this area is our energy storage business Fluence, which continues to be the global market leader. Through this partnership with Siemens, we are well positioned to benefit from the expected 15 to 20 gigawatts of annual growth in energy storage globally. Today, we're already seeing that nearly half of all solar projects in the US include a storage component. In 2019, Fluence won contracts for 961 megawatt and has tripled its backlog since 2018, to a record of 1.2 gigawatts, which equates to roughly a $1 billion in revenue. Fluence is cash and margin positive and it's continuing to expand capabilities, including modular prefab, and solar DC coupled products to address new market opportunities. Across all of our platforms, we've also been incorporating innovative applications. An example is a 10 megawatt 5 hour duration energy storage facility at AES Gener Alfalfal hydro plant in Chile. This groundbreaking project will serve as the first virtual reservoir in the world, providing the run of the river plan with capabilities similar to a traditional reservoir. AES Gener expects to inaugurate this project in March and it has the potential to increase this virtual reservoir by another 240 megawatts. Turning to slide 11, last quarter, we announced a strategic alliance with Google to collaborate on innovation across our business lines. We're actively working together to develop new solutions to accelerate a broader adoption renewables and energy storage and to improve the experience of corporate customers. This Alliance also encompasses energy management and opportunities to develop, own and operate projects in targeted markets to help Google meet its clean energy objectives. Now to slide 12. Our strategic investment in Uplight continues to grow rapidly. As a reminder, Uplight provides utilities with a suite of digital services, including an online marketplace. These solutions improve end customer experiences, while helping utilities balance energy demand and reduce service costs. This business now works with over 80 electric and gas utilities and reaches over 100 million households and businesses in the United States. Uplight has over $100 million in sales in 2019 with solid margin and continues to fund growth without additional equity needs. We see Applied very well positioned to benefit enormously from continued growth in cloud based digital solutions in all aspects of energy management. Finally, turning to slide 13. And the third theme of our strategy, superior results. As we invest in sustainable growth and offer innovative solutions to our customers, we are transforming our portfolio while achieving superior financial results. In late 2019, we received our first investment grade rating and expect that we will receive another investment grade rating this year. Additionally, through 2022, our portfolio is expected to generate $3.4 billion of discretionary cash, which we will invest to continue to deliver double digit total returns to our shareholders. This return includes our dividend which has grown by 30% over the last five years, and we expect it will continue to increase by 4% to 6% annually. Having the right energy mix is a key to our future success. This morning we announced a target to reduce our generation from coal to below 30% of our total volume by the end of this year. Furthermore, we expect to reduce generation from coal to less than 10% of our total by 2030. We are also committed to providing timely and accurate ESG data. We were the first U.S. investor own company in our sector to publish a climate scenario report consistent with the recommendations of the task force on climate related financial disclosures. Additionally, we can provide a substantial portion of the disclosures recommended by SASB and expect to provide virtually all of the remaining data by the end of this year. We're beginning to see the benefit of attracting a wider investor base that appreciates AES's growth in clean energy and innovation while maintaining consistent financial performance. Before I turn the call over to Gustavo, let me address the issue of Covid-19 or the coronavirus. As a long term contract generator, overwhelmingly in U.S. dollars and the U.S. utility business, we see limited impact from most likely scenarios from the coronavirus epidemic. Furthermore, as I have previously laid out, AES has a strong pipeline of contracted mostly renewable projects that ensure growth over the coming years. Although we may suffer some delivery delays, both our solar and energy storage businesses have largely secured their supplies of lithium-ion batteries and photovoltaic cells for this year. We will continue to closely monitor the situation and take proactive measures to ensure the resiliency of our business. With that, let me turn the call over to Gustavo to discuss financial results and capital allocation in more detail.
Gustavo Pimenta: Thanks Andres. Today, I will cover our financial results, credit profile and capital location. I will conclude by addressing our guidance for this year and expectations through 2022. As Andres mentioned, we finished 2019 on a strong note, achieving the upper hand range of our adjusted EPS and setting a solid foundation for growth. As shown on slide 15, adjusted EPS was $1.36 primarily reflecting growth at our regulated utilities, contribution for new businesses including renewables and AES Colon, and a lower tax rate. These positive drivers will partially offset by the asset dispositions including 2.6 gigawatts of coal-fired generation. Turning to slide 16, adjusted Pretax Contribution or PTC was $1.2 billion for the year and increase of $55 million. I will cover our results in more detail over the next four slides begin on slide 17. The U.S. and utilities SBU increase PTC reflects regulated rate cases completed in 2018, as well as contributions for new renewables projects. These impacts were partially offset by the exit of coal-fired generation at Shady points and DPL. At our South America, SBU, lower PTC was largely driven by lower generation and asset sales, partially offset by better operating results at Guacolda and lower interest expense in Chile. Higher PTC at our MCAC SBU reflects the commencement of operations at AES Colon and better contracted prices in Panama, as well as insurance recover in the Dominican Republic and the Panama net of outage costs. Importantly, these facilities in the DR and Panama have resumed operations at full capacity. I would now like to discuss briefly the resilience of our portfolio. This was the worst hydrological year on record in Panama, but the financial impact was significantly lower than in years past, due to actions we have taken to improve our portfolio. The addition of AES Colon not only diversifies our fuel mix, but also lowers the hydraulic exposure and the spot price volatility of the entire system. This is just one example of how our capital allocation strategy has enabled us to lower our overall EPS risk from hydrology, foreign currency and commodities by 70% since 2011. Turning back to PTC in Eurasia, lower results primarily reflect asset sales in the United Kingdom, Philippines and Netherlands. Now to slide 21. Before moving on, I wanted to provide a couple of business updates starting with DPL in Ohio. As you may know, in November, the distribution modernization rider in DPL's electric security plan was removed and we reverted back to ESP1. The net impact of this decision reduces PTC by about $50 million annually. Roughly $25 million of this relates to costs that would have been recovered through a distribution investment rider. We expected to start collecting this again in 2022, after new distribution rates have been filed and approved. In addition, as part of the order to revert to ESP1, DPL needs to pass certain regulatory tests, including the significantly excessive earnings test seat in it. These tests are customary for regulated securities in Ohio and use it to assess regulated returns. We feel good about our ability to pass this test and maintain ESP1 rates. Above the overall tariff reduction last year was disappointing, AES continues to be fully committed to DPL and we look forward to resuming our discussions around market rate and other modernization investment opportunities. DPL has the lowest residential tariff in Ohio and we believe there continue to be significant opportunities to improve value to our customers. We are expected to have more details about DPL investment plan in the following quarters. Regarding Argentina, yesterday, the new administration announced anticipated reforms. As part of that all in price have been reduced by about 15% to 20% and regulated tariffs have been linked to Argentina pesos, with local inflation adjustments. This is in line with our expectations for the last year's election, and it is fully reflected in our guidance and expectations for 2022 and beyond. Importantly, we have also had some positive developments that work to offset the regulatory changes in Ohio and Argentina, highlighting once again the resilience of our portfolio. This includes the potential extension of our existing legacy regeneration at Southland, early efficient gains from our cost savings and digital initiatives and opportunistic re-financings leveraging a historical low interest rate environment. Regarding Southland approval is still pending by the state water board and local permitting authorities and is expected for the second half of this year. Now turning to our credit profile on slide 22, since 2011, we have reduced our current debt by $3.1 billion or 50%. At year end, parent leverage was 3.7x and FFO to debt was 21%, comfortably within the investment grade thresholds or 4x and 20% respectively. After having obtained our first investment grade rating in November, we continue to expect a second upgrade this year. Turning to our 2019 parent capital location on slide 23. Beginning on the left hand side sources reflects $1.4 billion of total discretionary cash. This is largely consistent with our previous call with the exception of the announcer Jordan sale, which we now expect to close in the first half of this year. Now to use on the right hand side. Roughly 60% of our discretionary cash was allocated to shareholder dividend and debt reduction and the remaining amount we invested in our subsidiaries, primarily in our renewables backlog. Turning to our guidance on the slide 24. Today, we are initiating guidance for 2020 adjusted EPS of $1.40 to $1.48. Growth this year will be driven by the completion of our 1.3 gigawatts Southland repowering which came online earlier this month, and a full year of operations at OPGC-2 in India. Continued growth and renewals including 1.5 gigawatt is scheduled to reach commercial operations this year. Efficiency gains from cost cutting and our digital initiatives and a lower interest expense due to refinancing benefits and completed debt production. This growth will be partially offset by the reversion to ESP1 at DPL in Ohio, reduce the tariffs in Argentina and a slightly higher tax rate. I will note that much of our growth will begin contributing later in the year, and our EPS is expected to be more weighted towards the second half. For instance, although Southland came online this month, it will be operating on a merchant basis until the PPA begins in June. Turning turns slide 25. Parent-free cash flow is expected to be from $725 million to $775 million this year, and is expected to grow 7% to 9% per year through 2022 of a 2018 base. Now to 2020 Parent Capital location on slide 26. Beginning on the left hand side sources reflects $1.3 billion of total discretionary cash, including roughly $750 million of parent-free cash flow. Sources also include $550 million in asset sale proceeds. Moving to the uses in the right hand side. Including the 5% dividend increase we announced it in December, will be returning $381 million to shareholders this year. We do not plan in addition of debt reduction beyond repayment of $180 million of temporary drawing on our revolver. Our credit metrics are very strong and we will continue to improve on the strength of our cash flow alone. And we plan to invest $750 million in our subsidiaries including our equity for the Southland repowering, our renewables backlog and the green blend and extended strategy at AES Gener. As Andres mentioned AES Gener has been successfully executing its de-carbonization strategy by securing 2.5 gigawatts of renewable energy contracts. This includes growth in Colombia; whereas AES Gener is diversifying away from the single hydro asset to include new wind and solar resources. These replicates what the AES has done in other markets such as Panama, where the addition of AES Colon diversifies our portfolio and materially enhanced developed our existing assets. As a result of its successful strategy execution, today AES Gener announced a $500 million equity issuance to help fund its $1.8 billion renewable growth program. And AES will be participating with our pro rata share of approximately $335 million. We believe this investment will create significant value to our shareholders and will allow us AES Gener to remain an important contributor for AES earnings and cash flow for years to come. Finally, moving to our capital location from 2020 through 2022, begin on slide 27. We expect our portfolio to generate $3.4 billion in discretionary cash. Three quarters of this is expected to be generated from parent free cash flow, with the remaining $900 million coming from asset sale proceeds. This reflects an increase in targeted asset sales of roughly $400 million since our last call, which is fully incorporated in our guidance for the year and in this 7% to 9% growth rate. Given the range of opportunities we have, we feel confident in achieving this additional sales target in the next few years. Turning to the use of this discretionary cash on the slide 28, roughly a third of this cash will be allocated to shareholder dividends. Looking forward, subject to annual review by the board, we continue to expect to increase the dividend by 4% to 6% per year in line with the industry average. We are also expected to use $1.6 billion to invest in our backlog, new project and PPAs, T&D investments at IPL and the partial funding of our Vietnam LNG project and the investment AES Gener acquisitions. Once completed, these projects will contribute to our growth through 2022 and beyond. The remaining $400 million of unallocated cash is largely related towards 2022 and will be used it in accordance with our capital allocation framework to achieve our financial objectives. Based on the significant transformation we have achieved AES in the last several years. We now have a much stronger balance sheet and portfolio of assets. As such, we are well positioned to capitalize on our leadership in the global energy transition, while deliver very solid financial performance for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. Before we open the call to your questions, I will summarize the key points we have made this morning. Through actions we have taken over the last several years, we have greatly enhanced the resiliency of our portfolio. In 2019, this was reflected in our financial performance, as well as the investment grade rating we achieved. By adding 2.8 gigawatts of renewables to our backlog, we have cemented our position as a leader in the global transition to cleaner energy. By successfully executing on its green blend and extend strategy AES Gener sign 2.5 gigawatts of renewable contracts. These contracts will ensure strong earnings at AES Gener by largely offsetting the roll off of legacy contracts expiring through 2024. We are also accelerating a cleaner energy future by delivering innovative solutions through Fluence, Uplight and our strategic alliance with Google. We are targeting a reduction in coal generation to below 30% by the end of this year, and to less than 10% by 2030. Finally, we're reaffirming our 7% to 9% average annual growth in adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow through 2022, which along with our growing dividend will deliver double digit total returns to our shareholders. Operator, we're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith, with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
JulienSmith: Hey, good morning, Team. Hey, howdy. So, if I can dig in a little bit on the latest capital raises in Gener as well as the uptick in renewable spending here and the equity involved. How do you think about the current outlook reconciling versus the long-term earnings growth rate, right? So you've seen a further uptick in the CapEx and renewables. Does that put you in a different place relative to that range? How do you think about your disclosed CapEx at this $8 billion mark relative to achieving your longer-term targets? And again, this is more of as you ramp up, how do you think about where you are within that range? And then maybe a sub point on that is, how should we think about that global renewables investment relative to the capital raises scenario, I suspect is a different number than the CapEx on that front.
Andres Gluski: Okay, let me take sort of the big picture. Let's start with Gener. So in the case of AES Gener, the capital raise is to fund the very successful green blended extent, we've gotten 2.5 gigawatts of green blended extend PPAs, this is good for the existing assets, this is good for us because we get these long-term contracted renewables, average life is around 17 years. So that is what we're raising the capital for that because that's up and above, we did very well in doing that and Gener needs to raise the money. And it basically will largely offset the roll off of existing thermal contracts that Gener has through 2024. So that's one thing. So basically, the capital raise of Gener and our participation, we think it's a good investment; these are renewable contracts in dollars, inflation adjusted. And we want to fund that growth and really move Gener into the sustainable, long-term future. Regarding our other investments, so this basically keeps us on target that we have given before. So we're on target, we're successfully delivering on these renewables. And what we're seeing is our investments in some of the most or innovative fields, whether it be Fluence, whether it be Uplight, are going to help us achieve those renewable goals, and also achieve our financial targets. So it's all coming together very nicely. And what this really is allowing us to do is to meet our financial guidance and commitments, while at the same time decarbonizing even faster. So that really is I’d say the big story. I think Gustavo will add something.
Gustavo Pimenta: I would just add, Julien, I think one of the benefits of especially this investment in Gener is the post 2022 story, right. So, a lot of the investments that we are doing now will help, as we said in the call, sustain the earnings and cash flow that AES Gener has been providing to AES. So it's not within the 7% to 9%, it's going to be post that period, but it allows AES to continue to sustain growth post 2022.
JulienSmith: Got it. So if I can clarify briefly the 330 is above and beyond what you have in your global renewables CapEx and equity. Right?
GustavoPimenta: That's right.
JulienSmith: And that's what your contributions, and again, the critical point that you're making is that it's - the investments in that 330 are targeted beyond the growth rate that you're currently talking about
GustavoPimenta: That is exactly right. And we increase the asset sales, which is helping funding some of the investments.
JulienSmith: Got it. And if I can say it even more succinctly, if I'm hearing you, right, you think that based on the broad assumptions that you're looking at, you can keep AES Gener earnings and cash flow largely intact after 2022 when some of those contracts roll off.
GustavoPimenta: That is exactly. Gener will provide more detail in their call, but that is exactly the way we see.
JulienSmith: Right. And that's with the existing set. Are you still needed to scale up Gener to get that level?
GustavoPimenta: With existing. With this new contract and assuming the roll off of the legacy assets. The legacy -
JulienSmith: You're already there?
GustavoPimenta: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. Slide 15 I look at - I'm sorry, I got the wrong - wait, I'm on the wrong slide deck. I apologize here. It's the slide that shows 2019 headwinds on EPS basis. There it is, Slide 15 on the slide deck, $0.12 headwind. What will be the - I'm looking at slide 45, which has the PTCs? It doesn't look like asset sales will be a big headwind in 2020. Am I correct on that?
GustavoPimenta: Yes. And intention is that that's right. I think we continue to have some assets sales the plan. We've up at this and so I think what is important is might seven to nine, even with the increase in asset sales that represented. They are incorporated in those numbers. So the 2020 EPS already has whatever the dilution we have as a result of asset sales is incorporating that 7% to 9% growth. If I answered your question.
Charles Fishman: Yes, no, I think you did. Okay. Second question is I think Andres, there's first call quite a while. I didn't hear Alto Maipo mentioned is no news good news that still goes operational this year.
AndresGluski: Yes, yes. In this case, look, Alto Maipo is 90% completed. It has sort of two phases. So the first phase is we only have, I think less than a little bit more than three miles of tunneling left. So most of the tunneling on Phase 1 is done, and we expect it to be substantially completed by the end of this year. And so we're already putting in the electronics and machinery and so it's going forward well, so that's why we didn't talk about it. Because it's going forward. And again, it is part of this - let's say transformation at Gener towards much lower carbon intensity.
Charles Fishman: So the tunnel boring machines were the cause of the problem initially, those are operating pretty well now, and we're over that.
AndresGluski: Yes, a lot of them have actually finished their tasks and have been taken out. So I think we have two left. At one point, we had six, which is probably the most I think of any project in the world. So yes, I mean, there were issues with the rock quality, and more than anything else. So that's basically being overcome. What will continue in 2021 is what's called Volcan, which is basically just to bring additional water to the project but the project will have its full capacity of 531 megawatts, but what is very interesting also is this first virtual reservoir, which we have 10 megawatts up and running. And the regulation is in place five hour batteries. And that will allow us to dispatch this run of the river plant differently, take advantage of differences in daily pricing. And if this goes well, we could expand this from 10 megawatts to 240, which would be really substantial. So realize that the Alto Maipo is together with Alfalfal. So together, this is 750 megawatts of hydro, close to the load center of Chile in Santiago, so it really will be a terrific asset.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
SteveFleishman: Hi, good morning. Maybe just in thinking about some of the businesses like Fluence and Uplight and Google partnership. Can you - I'm not sure, I don't think you kind of can disclose like financial impacts from them yet, but I don't know when they can be material to the company. Can you maybe give some color on how we could see value from them kind of show up to the AES holder?
AndresGluski: Sure. That's a great question. So let's take Fluence which is the most mature. In the case of Fluence, this is a market which is and a technology which is, really hitting, I would say, very rapid rates of growth, anybody you will talk to, will talk about, whether it's U.S. whether it's India. 10s of gigawatts of energy storage, which is needed to be able to operate, the greater numbers of renewables and the technology keeps improving, we're coming out with new products, we’ll be launching them this year, which will help lower costs and for example, prefab modular et cetera. So that's very exciting. Now, getting to valuation, as I've said in the past, we would like and to really get a marker by having a capital raise at Fluence, so that you can see what was the value created. So as you know, we feel that, there's a lot of value is being created, we think it would be a unique asset in the market, there's nothing else similar to it. So we're working on that. Regarding Uplight, we first bought Simple Energy, and then we merged it with Uplight and the valuation that we got from Simple Energy in that merger was up about 100%, from what we paid in less than two years. So Uplight is again, doing many things for a lot of people in terms of being really a cloud based digital services provider for utilities, really the leader in the field, and it's also helping us, with our cost savings and quality improvement as well. So that when you probably longer term, I mean, we're already seeing the benefits in terms of our own operations and in terms of the things that we can offer. And you're right. And especially in the case of Google, there's not that much that we can disclose other than, this involves, as I said, energy management, providing them with energy, we have our first PPA in Chile, to provide them with renewable power. And what's very interesting to them is really our ability to provide 24x7 renewables. So, we're working on a number of fields with them. And in all of these is how we really get a competitive edge in renewables that combining that with our existing platforms and existing client relationships.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha, for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thanks and have a nice day.
Operator: This conference has not concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the AES Corporation's Third Quarter 2019 Financial Review Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2019 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2019 financial review call. Today, I will walk through the highlights of the quarter and how we are delivering on our commitments and successfully executing on our strategy. Gustavo will then follow with a detailed description of our third quarter and year-to-date financial results. Our adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter was $0.48, which is 37% higher than our results for the same quarter last year. On our prior call, we mentioned that much of our growth would be in the second half of the year, and our strong third quarter results are in line with our expectations. We are on track to deliver on our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance with the midpoint of $1.34, and our apparent free cash flow target with a midpoint of $725 million, and we are confident in our ability to deliver 7% to 9% average annual growth through 2022. I am pleased to report that we're making good progress on the strategy we laid out on our previous calls. Allow me to walk you through step-by-step. First, turning to Slide 4. Let us talk about our progress towards becoming investment-grade. As you may have seen in this morning's press release, we received an investment-grade rating for the first time in the AES' history. I'm very pleased to have achieved this milestone, reflects a multi-year transformation strategy to make our business simpler and more predictable. We not only significantly strengthened our balance sheet, but we have also materially reduced our exposure to risks such as hydrology, foreign currencies, and commodities. Moving to Slide 5, and our growth in renewables. This quarter, we signed over 900 megawatts of new renewable power purchase agreements, bringing our year-to-date total to 1.9 gigawatts. We are fully confident that we will consistently deliver 2 gigawatts to 3 gigawatts of new renewable capacity every year. As of today, our backlog of projects is 6 gigawatts, half of which are under construction and half have signed PPAs. As anticipated, about half of these projects are in the U.S. and half are international. We see ourselves as uniquely positioned in the renewable space to take advantage of synergies and economies of scale, while also benefiting from sufficient geographical diversity. Looking at this from another perspective on Slide 6, approximately 80% of our 6-gigawatt backlog or 4.8 gigawatts is renewables, split between hydro, solar, wind, and energy storage. We expect the majority of our backlog to be online by the end of 2022. Now on to specific large projects. On Slide 7, we can see that the 1.3 gigawatt Southland repowering project is virtually complete, and we are currently in the final commissioning stage. We're on track to begin commercial operations in early 2020. Turning to Slide 8. AES Gener is also making good progress on the Alto Maipo hydroelectric project. The project is 82% complete, including 37 miles of tunnel and both cabins are caverns for the powerhouses. Less than 4 miles of tunneling remain to finish Phase 1 by year-end 2020 at which time the construction of all 531 megawatts of capacity will be completed. In parallel, they are progressing well on the tunneling of Phase 2, which will provide additional water to the project. Let us now discuss the advances we are making on our LNG strategy and turn to Slide 9. Last month, we received approval from the Government of Vietnam to develop and build a 2.2-gigawatt combined cycle gas turbine project alongside our previously approved 480 tera BTU LNG regasification and storage terminal. This complex will have a 20-year U.S. dollar denominated contract with no commodity exposure. We expect to achieve financial close in 2021 and commercial operations in 2024. We see the expansion of our LNG infrastructure business as complementary to our renewables growth strategy by offering a clean, predictable, and low-cost fuel that provides capacity and flexibility to the system. We are focusing our LNG business on three markets, the Caribbean, Central America, and Southeast Asia. In all of these markets, there is rapidly growing demand for natural gas to supply new generation and to displace higher cost diesel fuel oil. A good example of how we are benefiting from this growing demand is the Dominican Republic. As shown on Slide, 10 this quarter we finalized a joint venture with other local generators. As a result of this JV, we will build a second LNG storage tank, expanding our capacity in the Dominican Republic by 80% or an additional 50 tera BTUs. We have already signed or in advanced negotiations for 30 tera BTU of this additional capacity under long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts. This expansion will require minimal investment from AES, and we expect to break ground in the first quarter of 2020 with completion in late 2022. As we had previously mentioned, our LNG business is easily scalable, which allows us to increase our margin, while requiring relatively little investment from AES. While we are delivering on our commitments in our guidance periods, we’re also making investments to maintain our leadership in new technologies, which will contribute to our earnings growth in future years. We are currently the global market leader in energy storage and the market leader for cloud-based energy efficiency solutions in the U.S. Turning to Slide 11. Today we're announcing a strategic alliance with Google to collaborate on innovation across our business line. We will be working together to find new solutions to accelerate the broad adoption of renewables and energy storage and to improve the experience of corporate customers. AES will collaborate with Google Cloud on energy management and opportunities to develop, own, and operate projects in targeted markets in the U.S. and Latin America that have the potential to help Google meet its clean energy objectives. In addition to providing the potential for additional revenues for AES, this alliance will put both of us on the front line of innovation in the industry allowing us to further reduce costs, optimize operations, and meet changing customer expectations. On Slide 12, we can see that our strategic investment in the leading U.S. cloud-based digital solutions provider in our sector, Uplight is progressing well. This is a business that is growing rapidly from a base of $100 million in annual revenue. It is cash and margin positive and will provide broad insights into customer behavior and energy efficiency. Our energy storage business Fluence, continues to be the global market leader, through Fluence our 50-50 joint venture with Siemens. We are able to capture the accelerated growth in demand for this technology. As you can see on Slide 13 in the first three quarters of 2019 alone, Fluence won contracts for 806 megawatts, compared to the third quarter of 2018 Fluence has tripled its backlog, which now stands at a record high of more than 1 gigawatt with a combined value roughly a 1 billion. Fluence is cash and variable margin positive and continuing to expand its capabilities in order to meet the scale requirements of the business. Our leading position in energy storage is providing us with a competitive advantage in other aspects of our business. We are seeing that nearly half of all solar projects in the U.S. include a storage component. Based on our scale and more than 10 years of experience in integrating energy storage we are very well positioned to capitalize on this growth opportunity. Now I'll turn the call over to Gustavo to discuss our financial results and capital allocation in more detail.
Gustavo Pimenta: Thank you, Andrés. Today our overall financial results outlook for 2019 and capital allocation. Overall, we are very encouraged by our performance to date and remain confident in our ability to deliver on our strategic and financial objectives. As shown on Slide 15, in the third quarter adjusted EPS was $0.48, primarily reflecting contributions from new businesses including AES Colon in renewables in the U.S. and a lower tax rate. The timing of outages, net of related insurance recovery also had a positive impact on the results in our MCAC region. In the third quarter of 2018 a freak lightning strike caused major damage at our Andrés plant in the Dominican Republic forcing it offline with roughly $0.04 impact. In Panama our Changuinola plant has been on an extended plant outage for most of this year. While we have insurance to offset the large portion of this outages. The timing of recognition is not always evenly distributed throughout the year. On our second quarter call, we indicated that we expected a recovery in the second half related to this outages. And in fact the majority of this occurred in the third quarter. This was about $0.05, which effectively catches us up for the first half of the year. As seen on the Slide 16 on a year-to-date basis, the net impact of losses versus insurance recovery is slightly negative at $0.01. Importantly, our Andrés facility is fully online in our Changuinola plant is on track to come back online in early 2020. Turning to Slide 17. Adjusted pretax contribution or PTC was $426 million for the quarter, an increase of $99 million or 30%. I will cover our results in more detail over the next four slides, beginning on Slide 18. In the U.S. and Utilities SBU increased PTC reflects contributions for new renewable projects as well as the resolution of regulated rate cases last year. These impacts were partially offset by the exit of 360 MW of coal-fired generation at Shady Point. Regarding DPLs DMR extension filing, we remain on track for an expected ruling in the first half of 2020 and continue to feel confident about the merits of our case. In Indiana, IPLs plan to modernize its electric grid which calls for $1.2 billion of T&D investment over seven years we go to hearing on November 14. Cost would be recovered through an 80% tracker mechanism between rate cases and AES equity investment would be roughly $200 million. If approved, the plan would be a key component of the mid-single digit rate base growth we have discussed in the past. A final ruling in the case is expected by early 2020. At our South America SBU, higher PTC was largely driven by improved margins at Guacolda and lower interest in Chile, as well as higher pricing in Colombia. I would like to take a moment now to discuss recent developments in Argentina. As you know, Argentina recently elected Alberto Fernandez, as the new President as expected. The policies of the incoming government are yet to be defined but we do not expect a meaningful impact on our outlook. Especially given the quality of our assets in the material improvement we have achieved in AES portfolio over the last several years. Right now current controls are in place and we will face restrictions incentive dividends out of Argentina. But as a result of our diversified portfolio, you'll be able to mitigate the impact and continue to deliver strong cash flow growth to our shareholders. Turning back to our quarterly results. As we discussed it earlier higher PTC at our MCC SBU reflects the outages in the Dominican Republic and Panama, net of related insurance recovery as well as the commencement of operations at AES Colon. Finally, in a ratio lower results primarily reflect a one-time transmission charge and lower capacity doing testing and commissioning at OPGC 2. Now to Slide 22. To summarize our performance in the first three quarters of the year we earned adjusted EPS of $1.02 versus $0.80 - $0.88 last year. In the fourth quarter, we expect the higher quarterly tax rate versus a 24% we saw last year. And an impact from the planet outage at our water run facility in the U.S. On a full year basis for 2019 we feel very confident and reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of $1.30 to $1.38. Further, based on our achievements to date and current outlook, we are also reaffirming our 7% to 9% average annual growth through 2022. Consistent with our prior proxy, we will provide specific guidance for 2020 on our fourth quarter call. Turning to 2019 Parent Capital allocation on Slide 23. Beginning on the left hand side sources reflect the $1.3 billion of total discretionary cash, which is largely consistent with our last call. Additionally, we are able to take advantage of available debt capacity at one of our subsidiaries spring $200 million in return of capital to the parent. The majority of our discretionary cash continues to come from the roughly $725 million of parent-free cash flow and $350 million of asset sale proceeds. Asset sales include Northern Ireland and the sPower sell down, both of which have closed, as well as Jordan, which is expected to close by year end. Now to the uses on the right hand side, including the 5% dividend increase we announced in December. We'll be returning $361 million to shareholders. We allocated $450 million to parent debt pay down versus our prior target of $150 million for this year to celebrate our credit improvement in reinforce our commitment to achieve investment grade ratings. As a result, we expect that to end the year at 3.5 times parent leverage and 22% FFO to that. Comfortably within the investment grade thresholds of four times and 20% respectively. To that end, as Andrés mentioned, we are very pleased to see positive actions by the rating agencies included an investment grade rating from Fitch. We are also investing $450 million in our subsidiaries leaving about $50 million of unallocated cash. Finally, moving to our capital location from 2019 through 2022 beginning on Slide 24. We expect that our portfolio to generate $4.2 billion in discretionary cash, which is again consistent with our last call, plus the additional $200 million in return of capital, I just mentioned, more than 3/4 of our discretionary cash is expected to be generated from parent-free cash flow. The remaining $800 million comes from asset sale proceeds about half of which has been announced or closed this year. Turning to the use of discretionary cash on the Slide 25. Roughly 40% of this cash will be allocated to shareholder dividends. Looking forward, subject to annual review by the board, we expect the dividend to grow 4% to 6% per year, in line with the industry average. We have completed $450 million of parent debt prepayment this year, this is an increase versus our prior target of $300 million. We are also expecting to use $1.9 billion to invest in our backlog, new project at PPAs, T&D investments at IPL and the partial funding of our Vietnam LNG project. Once completed, all of these projects will contribute to our growth through 2022 and beyond. The remaining $300 million of unallocated cash will be used it in accordance with our capital allocation framework to achieve our financial objectives. With that, I will turn the call back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks Gustavo. Before we open the call to your questions, please allow me to summarize our key points. Our strong third quarter results demonstrate our successful execution, and we remain on track to meet our 2019 guidance and longer-term expectations. We are uniquely positioned to drive long-term shareholder value through strengthening our balance sheet and credit ratings, reducing our carbon intensity, growing our backlog of attractive renewable opportunities, and rapidly expanding our LNG infrastructure business. We are taking steps to consolidate our position as a technology leader, through technologies such as energy storage and cloud-based energy solutions and most recently, creating a strategic alliance with Google. We believe that our strategy and execution, position us well to offer double digit total returns to our shareholders. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So I - perhaps, can you elaborate a little bit in the context of the quarterly earnings here. How much is coming directly from renewables and perhaps to take that a step further, how do you think about the cadence of renewable contributions from here on out, obviously we're starting to see it pick up. How do you think about that rolling into the 4% to 6%, or I know not to get ahead of 20, but how do you think about that even year over year here?
Gustavo Pimenta: Hi Julien, Gustavo. So, in the - particularly in the quarter, most of the growth is in the MCAC region as I mentioned in my remarks. So, the U.S. on the renewable space, probably, we have a $0.01 to $0.02 in the quarter no more than that. And so that's probably what it should be seen on an annual basis, maybe $0.04 to $0.05 growth because we are deploying around $300 million globally, most of that in the U.S. So that's what you will be seeing going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then perhaps more importantly here in the near term, you talked about some new LNG opportunities, a JV effort. Also from what I understand, you have some excess marketing volumes, if you will, in Panama, going into 2020 given the IMO regulations. How do you think about the timing to monetize some of those remaining volumes and also the earnings profile of your latest expansion on LNG, perhaps you can address it more holistically on LNG?
Andrés Gluski: Sure. This is Andrés. So I think we've done exactly what we had been sort of saying that we could do in the Dominican Republic. So basically, we filled up our 70 tera BTU tank there. So, basically it's at full capacity. By signing this joint venture with other local generators, we need additional capacity. So, we're going to build a second tank with 50 tera BTUs capacity and about 30 tera BTUs is that at - is either agreed to or in the process of that signing agreements for, so that's already quite taking up 60% of the new capacity of the tank. So, this in the Dominican Republic, I think we have really followed through on what we said was possible. In the case of Panama, we have an 80 tera BTU tank. Right now, that's at most about 30% used and so there is considerable capacity to put other generators on gas, and so Panama does have other natural gas projects. It also has a lot of diesel plants, not too far from our plant. So really, it's a question of how fast we can connect those. It also has the capacity for re-export just like we have in the Dominican Republic and also for CNG in terms of trucks and local - local industry. So, I think the point is that in the Dominican Republic we do have capacity now for once we complete this tank for another 20 tera BTUs. And we continue to have about 50 tera BTUs in Panama that are available. So, it's going to be a combination of as we did in the Dominican Republic, local demand, additional power plant. It's going to be additional industries and transportation. And I think, growing over time is the re-export. So, we are exporting natural gas from the Dominican Republic to for example, Guyana, Barbados, Haiti, and there are other possibilities as well, and obviously the Central American region has possibilities as well for the export of natural gas.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But not ready to quantify earnings contributions or earnings growth in that segment?
Andrés Gluski: We think - the potential is maybe $0.05 to $0.04 by 2022. Yeah, in the MCAC. I mean this is not counting, of course what we could be doing in Vietnam. So this is we have - is the Vietnam project it would be another $300 plus million of equity going into the project, and we expect good returns on that as well. So, as you can see, that would be a big contributor to our earnings growth post 2024.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. The $0.04 to $0.05 is off of today is in terms of incremental growth through 2022?
Andrés Gluski: That's correct. That's the opportunity. So, you know in the past we had talked about $0.05 what we basically filled up some of that in the Dominican Republic. So, the additional tank puts us back in another sort of $0.04 to $0.05 of potential upside.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Couple of questions, I think you just answered, probably answered one of them, you have $200 million allocated in your - on Slide 25 to Vietnam LNG and CCGT investment, but I was going to ask whether that's the total expected investment because the - I guess it comes online in '24 and you said you actually just said it would be $300 million to $400 million. Is that right?
Gustavo Pimenta: Gustavo here, Greg. That's right. So that is in 2022, so we’re probably going to reach financial close into 2021, spend half of the equity in 2022 which is this 200 that we see in the chart and then 2023 will draw additional $150 million to complement our investment.
Greg Gordon: Yes, and I know you have disclosed contract terms, but you would expect to target like a mid-teens levered equity return on projects with this risk profile. Is that fair?
Gustavo Pimenta: That's about right, yes.
Greg Gordon: And can you give us a sense of what a strategic alliance, like the one you've announced with Google means in terms of your competitive advantage, signing commercial agreements with them and how that translates into confidence in the growth profile at the renewables business. It's just hard to not to be cynical, but it's hard to separate what's a PR announcement versus what has tangible backlog implications?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, well, you know Greg, as you know that we've been, I think certainly not people to sort of chase shiny object. We really go to the fundamentals, what does this mean. Now this is a preliminary announcement it has many components to it and we will be providing color as things develop and things materialize. But realize first that we are sort of uniquely positioned to help Google meet its 24/7 renewable zero carbon energy across the globe. So we are uniquely positioned to do that. We recently won a bid in Chile for about 125 megawatt to do exactly that. So this is - that was the first stage concrete, there will be others we believe, and as I said, it will be in targeted U.S. and Latin American markets. Second is to realize that the biggest, the fastest growing sector of corporate demand is web services. So, I believe, Google has announced about 6 gigawatts of need across the globe. So this is, it's a big target, it's growing, and this is the fastest growing corporate sector, what they want is renewable energy around the clock. We are uniquely well positioned to deliver that. So again there will be follow-ons to the Chile deal we believe and stay tuned to that. In addition, there is some elements of energy management in these locations for us using our portfolio to provide carbon free around the clock energy. Then there is also, I would say on the - on our platform, the opportunity to optimize and continue to deliver cost, cost reductions. So we've been doing spending years quite frankly cleaning up data, because again, a lot of buzzwords that people throw out AI machine learning, it's only as good as the data you have. So we've been cleaning up the laborious and very hard task of having the right data in place. So we believe by combining our two capabilities. We've been the leader in new applications in our sector. We'll give us really a boost to the cost saving initiatives we have mentioned, it will also give us a boost in terms of delivering on what are continually changing customer expectations. So, we expect this alliance to make very concrete announcements into the future. So this is not just sort of a feel good PR announcement, it really is that the two of us combined, were leaders in certain areas such as energy storage, energy efficiency solutions in the U.S. So I think it makes a whole lot of sense this is sort of two plus two equals six. And this is really all of this will be basically upside to what we have and our numbers, and we're going to dedicate people and resources to make sure this is something very concrete. In terms of - what it would really make an impact on our earnings that's probably, I'd say, two or three years out, at a minimum, because and this is really sort of setting the groundwork, could even if you win new power purchase agreements you have to build on these are require additionality. So just to put that in context, I think it's very important, but it's not going to have an immediate impact cost.
Greg Gordon: Last question for you on the Fluence JV obviously making good progress. It doesn't sound like right now, it's actually creating any concrete economic value in terms of cash distributions or earnings contributions to AES Corp, but when do we get to a tipping point where it's either potentially a significant cash flow earnings contributor or is there another way that we monetize this value for shareholders like could this be a standalone sort of public market IPO at some point if it really gets to critical mass. I mean, what are the different ways now that you're really making headway selling the product globally that you can monetize that value for shareholders?
Gustavo Pimenta: Well, as you know, you hit the - I think the nail on the head, it's really how do we monetize that value. This is not - you know a regulated asset, it's a marginal contributor. We have to think about it differently. So we've created a market leader in the market that's growing at 100% per year. It's going to have a major impact on the future of our sector. So again, it's not a sort of a marginal investment, you have to think about all the value we're creating by this. As I - we mentioned, we are not, it is cash and variable margin positive but that money is going into the business to prepare it for really scaling up, I mean it grew a 100% last year. So you have to scale it up. So I think it's creating a lot of value for our shareholders directly in the business and some point it will probably make sense to really have a marker out there. So you guys can get a feeling for what it's worth, because we think we've created a lot of value in the business, there are various ways to do that, but I think a marker, would be very good to be able to put it into what's its value within the AES portfolio. But I have no doubt that this is going to be a major part of our business going forward. And I mean our sector going forward. And do realize that it is giving us a competitive advantage in winning renewable PPAs, because we know as much as anybody about how to integrate energy storage and some very exciting developments coming in the Fluence space. So stay tuned, in terms of products, in terms of new ideas. So for example, one in Chile, we making the world's first virtual reservoir or you can take a run of the river hydro, which is Las Lajas and really instead of having to dispatch the energy 24/7 you can quite frankly not dispatch it when energy prices are low, mostly due to solar and inject that energy when prices are much higher. So there's a lot of innovation going down it's very exciting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Turnure of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher Turnure: I just wanted to go through the quarter a little bit here in 2019 as a whole in terms of kind of nonrecurring items. So $0.48 for the third quarter, adjusted EPS, is it fair that the $0.05 of insurance proceeds there are nonrecurring? And with, I guess, plants back online in Panama now, anything else to think about for the fourth quarter or continuing into 2020 in relationship to that?
Gustavo Pimenta: Chris, Gustavo here. No, not really, I think the $0.05 is recurring because it's a catch-up from the first half, we may recall in the second call - second quarter call, as we mentioned that our first half was slightly weaker versus our expectation due to those outages and we expected to recover a large portion of that impact in Q3, Q4 and that's what happened, so it's - it's really a catch-up from the first half, you should read this as a first half figure and not as - as a one-time. So that's what it is.
Christopher Turnure: And then I think you said kind of net of the insurance, it would still be $0.01 negative for you for the Panama outage, at least, so that why the kind of your 2020 number - or there would be kind of no residual effects going to 2020, the net '19 number would be almost not impacted?
Andrés Gluski: That's correct. That's correct.
Christopher Turnure: And any other kind of nonrecurring items helping or hurting Q3 in terms of having a meaningful effect?
Andrés Gluski: Not really, I think the one that I pointed out in my remarks, was tax, it's relatively within the range on a year-to-date basis, but you may recall, last year we had unusual low tax rate. So that is one thing for us, that would probably it won't be happening in the Q4 of this year, but a part of that nothing - no one-time-ish.
Christopher Turnure: And then just, I guess, a little bit longer term, when we look at what's occurred so far this year, after you introduced your kind of new long-term plan or rolled forward your long-term plan back in February. You've reached investment grade, maybe a little bit faster than the plan, interest rates have been kind of going in your favor and everyone's favor, some LNG success certainly has materialized maybe partly offset by the Ohio DMR situation. I'm just wondering kind of where the bigger maybe surprises versus your plan have occurred, if any, your long-term plan, that is?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, Chris, I agree with everything except what you said about the DMR. We think that continue to feel good about the successful resolution of this, so we agree that we've had some upside. And I think quite frankly those things which are under control we've consistently I think over delivered whether it's paying down debt, reducing costs growing the LNG business are growing renewables. So, that's true, but we really don't see that the - I wouldn't put the DMR is - we continue to feel good about it and it remains on track.
Christopher Turnure: So kind of rolling all that together, it sounds like you feel like you're executing on your plan and really not getting ahead of yourselves at all in terms of some of the positives that have occurred?
Andrés Gluski: Again, we are executing on our plan and I think we've delivered some things ahead of schedule that is certainly true. I mean we have been talking about getting our sort of the investment grade stats this year and, but we upfronted that we paid down more debt. I think it's very important that we said we pay down $150 million of recourse debt, we paid down of $450 million. So we have been over-delivering.
Operator: Our next question is from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: Good morning, Andrés, first question, I recall, I think it was maybe last quarter or two quarters back when you roll forward your growth aspirations and came up with the 7% to 9% growth rate for '18 through '22. At that time, you had also told us that the old growth rate, which was '17 through '20 and 8% to 10% that you would end up at the high end of that growth rate. I just want to confirm that that's still your conviction as we sit here today.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes. Gustavo, here. The short answer is yes. We will be providing color on February, but as I said in my remarks, we are reaffirming the 7% to 9% and to your question, yes, that's our expectation.
Ali Agha: Second question, looking through your numbers year-to-date, you got about $124 million of distribution from Argentina to the Parent. Is that a good number on a run rate for the annual Argentine cash flow subsidiary distributions and how should we think about the capital controls that are currently in place or your prior experience perhaps in dealing with the leftist government in terms of what the cash flow implications and offsets could be going forward?
Gustavo Pimenta: Okay. Yes. Regarding Argentina, no that's not a - the run rate, what we had said in the past, as you know that we had three years where we did not distribute dollar dividends from Argentina. And so there was a catch-up in recent years. Now having a portfolio like ours as Gustavo mentioned in his speech, we don't expect this to affect us and also in Argentina is one that is a little bit of up and downs. We've been there in good times, we've been there in bad times. We've always made money, even in 2002 we made money in Argentina that I think reflects the quality of our assets and the fact that they're very lowly levered. So this is not the sort of the run rate with current exchange controls in place, we don't expect to be paying material dividends out of Argentina, certainly next year. But we've always, you know it's again operated well there. We have put a big back-office there. And so that's one way of, quite frankly, if you will, dollarizing is by using our pesos in Argentina to get services which are worth dollars to us. So that helps offset to some of this. So to be clear, in Argentina, we've always made money, we've always been capable of paying dividends, just we haven't always been able to buy the dollar. So if you look historically, the average is more like $70 million or so, and it's been like 5% to 6% of subsidiary distributions over time. So, and this is quite frankly what I expect in Argentina, it's kind of up and downs. But it's, we've operated well there and I expect this getting sort of up and downs, but it's not something that's going to materially affect our forecast.
Ali Agha: And then finally, Andrés, another topic that in prior quarters, used to get more attention, but we're not hearing much about is but - Merits and Bulgaria. Can you just give us an update of everything that's going on there on the contract or what your expectations are looking forward?
Andrés Gluski: Sure. Really we have nothing new to report on merits so that's why it wasn't part of our speech. We continue to be paid on time. The plant is being dispatched and now we're entering the winter season, which becomes even more important, they are up to date on their payments, the off-takers financial situation, NEK is strong. The country is growing strong, and it remains investment grade. So those things continue. And regarding the illegal state aid case in front of the European Commission, our advisors continue to talk. So we have no official case yet and they continue to talk. And so, as I - we said before, we have really nothing new to report, but the asset is doing well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: On Andrés on the Vietnam contract. Okay, the projects approved by Vietnam and you said you're in negotiations I guess for the long-term contracts, with the contracts be with the government or were you referring to contracts with LNG in quarters what contracts are those?
Gustavo Pimenta: Charl, that's a good question. Basically look there are two projects both supporting each other. So, the first is the 480 tera BTU regasification and storage terminal. So to put that in context. Today, we have about 150 tera BTUs between Panama and the Dominican Republic, with the additional 50 tera BTUs that will go to about 200 tera BTUs. So this is a very large project. Now in this case, we have about 38% of the project and PetroVietnam has the remainder. So we have a partner in this project. So, where will the gas go? There is about 6 gigawatts I believe of gas five turbine in Vietnam. There had been using offshore gas, which is running out. So there will be immediately a demand for the LNG terminal. In addition to our 2.2 gigawatts of combined cycle gas plant, which would be using that gas. Now in the second project on the combined cycle gas turbine plants. The 2.2 gigawatts we own 100% of that. So when we talk about contracts or different contracts. So one would be of course of the contract between the LNG terminal and the generators, including ourselves. Then there is the off-take of the energy and capacity coming from the 2.2 gigawatts of new generation. And I realize we have a 1.3 gigawatt plant already in Vietnam, Mong Duong 2which has done very well performing, it is one of the best performers in the country, we built it on time and on budget. As a long-term dollar-based contract, it's been paying on time. So basically, it would be like a repeat of Longjiang-2 only burning gas this time. The other contracts for example between the supply of gas to this is Son My 2 is the name of the terminal that contracts have yet to be negotiated and obviously would be PetroVietnam and ourselves negotiating with U.S. gas suppliers. So those have yet been negotiated. But in general the - it's a very firm commitment by us and then by the Government of Vietnam to do this project. And so I'd say the one thing that distinguishes it from, say, the projects in Panama and the Dominican Republic, is that - the demand is there. So it's not a question of building a terminal storage facility where the anchor tenant plant that you build a 30% of it. In this case it's going to be use - the use is going to be much, much faster, getting to the 90% plus usage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill of UBS. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Thank you. I was wondering if you could touch on the BHP contract, BHP buyout of a PPA in Chile and whether that was a driver for the return of capital increase that you reported in the quarter?
Andrés Gluski: So there are two part. The - responding to the second, absolutely no, nothing has occurred yet. This will take effect two years. So it hasn't affected our returns of ASN there at all at this point. The second was that you know BHP has a - let's say a mandate from Corp to go green. So they put out a bid for 6 terawatt hours of new energy and what came back was basically about may a bit more than half of it was existing hydros in Chile. The other ones are renewables. So this will replace our existing contract. No, our contracts, generally we make our money on the capacity payments, energy is a pass-through. So for our contract, they have to make us whole, if they're not going to use our capacity. So they have mentioned a number in their press release of a value of about $780 million. This has yet to be absolute - the exact number has yet to be negotiated. We think it's sort of around $800 million, but this is yet to be negotiated. But basically this shows, I think the strength of our contracts in Chile, you know lot of people are questioning the value of these contracts. And I think this shows that these contracts are very solid. So they will pay us for this future - the present value of that future capacity it was running through 2029. And there is still about - plant is about 20% contracted. And so this will be - it's a business decision by BHP and it's I think shows the strength of our contracts and the business in Chile.
Gregg Orrill: Do you think that will impact your growth rate guidance?
Andrés Gluski: No, absolutely not.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Next week, we look forward to see - seeing many of you at the EEI conference in Orlando. Thanks again and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the AES Corporation's Second Quarter 2019 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Also note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha. Please go ahead sir.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Nancy. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2019 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior management of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Ahmed. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our second quarter 2019 financial review call. I am pleased to report that based on our year-to-day results and our expected growth in the second half of the year, we are on track to achieve our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance with the midpoint of $1.34 and our apparent free cash flow target with the midpoint of $725 million. We are also confident in our ability to deliver 7% to 9% average annual growth through 2022. Turning to slide four, since our last call, we have continued to make great progress on our three key strategic objectives. These are; first, becoming investment grade and enhancing the resilience of our portfolio. Second, positioning the company for sustained growth by increasing our backlog of contracted projects, and third, improving our competitiveness by deploying innovative technologies. Now allow me to provide some color on each one, starting with our first objective of becoming investment grade and enhancing the resilience of our portfolio on slide five. We have already achieved a key investment grade metric and we are on track to attain investment grade ratings in 2020. Our improved credit metrics reflect the growth of our free cash flow paying down 43% of our recourse debt and an almost 70% decrease in our exposure to foreign currencies, commodities and hydrology over the past eight years. A good example of this last point is bringing LNG to Panama with the commissioning of the AES Colón Terminal and combined cycle power plant. This new facility has reduced our exposure to poor hydrology in Panama by 70% by providing far less expensive energy to supply our hydro PPAs in times of drought, such as occurred in 2014 and is occurring again this year. It is not only good for AES but it is expected to save Panama more than $400 million a year in imported fuel expenses. We are further enhancing the resilience of our portfolio by decreasing our carbon intensity. This year alone we have announced the sale of 2.4 gigawatts of thermal generation in Northern Ireland, Jordan and Oklahoma. As you can see on Slide six, as a result of our actions, we expect to reduce our carbon intensity by 50% from 2016 levels by 2022. By that date, we also expect that coal will represent less than 30% of our total generation by megawatt hour. Now to our second objective, positioning the company for sustainable growth by increasing our backlog of contracted projects, beginning on Slide seven. We now have a backlog of 6.8 gigawatts of mostly renewable projects. This number encompasses projects under construction or with sign PPAs, all of which are expected to be online by 2023. We are now on track to become one of the five largest renewable developers in the world outside of China. As we discussed on our last call, we expect to sign two to three gigawatts of renewables per year, split roughly 50/50 between wind and solar, and likewise, between the U.S. and international. So far this year, we have signed 1 gigawatt of renewable PPAs including about 500 megawatts since our last call. This new capacity includes 181 megawatts of renewable energy signed in Chile as part of our Green Blend and Extend strategy. Through this win-win approach, we preserve the value of our existing contracts, while replacing a portion of thermal energy with long term contracted renewables. In exchange, our customers receive carbon free energy at less than the marginal cost of thermal power, while still benefiting from reliable capacity provided by thermal generation. We expect to see meaningful progress on the Green Blend and Extend opportunity in the coming months. Now to our projects under construction, beginning on Slide eight. Of the 4.5 gigawatts currently under construction, 43% are renewables. This percentage will continue to grow as we complete the large conventional thermal plants we started a number of years ago, while adding new wind, solar and energy storage. We are particularly pleased with the speed at which we have been able to transition projects from development to construction. Now onto Slide nine, we are reaching key milestones on our conventional projects under construction. We have completed the construction of our OPGC 2 plant in India with one unit already on line and the second unit in the final commissioning phase. Our Southland repowering project in California continues to progress well, and is now approximately 95% complete. We recently achieved first fire and the project is on track to come on line in the first quarter of next year, ahead of our original schedule. I'm also pleased to announce that just yesterday the storage tank at our AES Colón LNG re gasification facility in Panama came online, replacing the temporary floating storage unit we had been using. Turning to Slide 10, our Alto Maipo hydroelectric project in Chile is advancing as planned, and is now approximately 80% complete. As you may remember, tunneling is the most difficult aspect of construction, and we now have completed 36 miles with only five miles to go until initial COD. Additionally, we broke ground on a 10-megawatt energy storage project that will serve as the first virtual reservoir in the world. This innovative project is for our Alfalfal hydro plant which is part of the Alto Maipo complex. It will store five hours of energy during periods of low demand, and inject that energy into the grid during hours of peak demand, providing the run of the River plant with many of the same capabilities as a reservoir. We have the potential to increase a virtual reservoir by another 240 megawatts of five hour energy storage at the Alto Maipo complex. Turning to Slide 11. Another component of our contracted growth strategy is investing in LNG, which we see as complementary to our renewables business. Not only does LNG displace heavy fuel oil and diesel with less volatile cheaper and cleaner natural gas, but the investments are based on long term tolling agreements with no direct commodity risk. I have previously mentioned that once our LNG import terminals and re gasification facilities are built, they can be scaled up at a relatively low cost, as much of the key infrastructure is already in place. We are working on expanding our LNG storage capacity in the Dominican Republic by 50 tera BTUs. We have already signed or are in advanced negotiations for third tera BTUs of this additional capacity under long term contracts. This expansion will require minimal investment from AES and it's expected to be completed by 2022. Once fully contracted this expansion will provide $0.02 of incremental EPS. This is up and above the $0.03 of potential upside at our existing LNG facilities in the region we had already discussed. In Vietnam, we're making excellent progress toward the development of a landmark project with 450 tera BTUs of LNG storage and 2 gigawatts of combined cycle power plants. We expect to achieve this critical milestone this year, and once completed, this project will be an important contributor to our earnings growth beyond 2022. Now to our third strategic objective of deploying new technologies to maintain our market leading positions, beginning on Slide 12. We are complementing and enhancing our current businesses by incorporating digital capabilities and by growing in adjacent areas. As we discussed on our last call, by applying new digital initiatives and analytics across our $33 billion asset base, this is a primary driver of our $100 million annual cost savings initiative. We are on track to fully achieve these savings by 2022. One example of our investment in new technologies is our energy storage business. We are now the undisputed global leader in the sector, as both an owner of projects and through Fluence, the energy storage provider that we jointly own with Siemens. Fluence has now surpassed 1 gigawatt of projects either awarded or delivered, including more than 400 megawatts of projects awarded in the first half of 2019 alone. With the current backlog of nearly $700 million and a growing pipeline of activity, Fluence is cash positive, self-funding, and has the potential to rapidly increase in value as demand for energy storage accelerates. Now to Slide 13. Another example is our investment in Simple Energy, a company that provides utility customers a marketplace for energy efficiency products. There is great demand for digital solutions that enable energy users to be more efficient and Simple Energy has grown even faster than we anticipated. Since our last call, Simple Energy has merged with other companies to form a new company called, Uplight. Uplight is now the market leader in providing cloud based energy solutions in the United States serving 85 electric and gas utilities with more than 100 million customers. Through this transaction, the implied value of our equity and simple energy nearly doubled in a little over a year since our initial investment. In digital business, such as Uplift is capital light, largely self-funding and we expect Uplights annual revenue to grow significantly from its current base of over $100 million. Finally, turning to Slide 14. AES’s success as a technology leader was recently recognized when we were awarded our industry's top honor, EEI's Edison award. We were honored for our innovation in advancing round the clock renewables at our Kaua’i solar plus storage project which is already operational in Hawaii. We see renewables plus storage as an increasingly important for our sector, and AES is well-positioned to gain significant market share in this space. Now I'll turn the call over to Gustavo to discuss our financial results and capital allocation in more detail.
Gustavo Pimenta: Thank you, Andrés. Today, I’ll go over our financial results, outlook for 2019 and capital allocation. Overall, we are very encouraged by our performance-to-date and remain confident in our ability to deliver on our strategic and financial objectives. As shown on slide 16, in the second quarter, adjusted EPS was $0.26 primarily reflecting higher contributions from the U.S. and a lower tax rates. This was partially offset by the impact of asset sales as well as planned outages in Panama and Northern Ireland. In the second half, we expected to post stronger results as we benefit from the plant in Panama returning to operations. Our continued cost savings initiatives and two gigawatts of new projects reaching COD. Turning to Slide 17, adjusted pre-tax contribution or PTC was $240 million for the quarter, a decrease of $15 million. I’ll cover our results in more detail over the next four slides beginning on slide 18. In the U.S. & Utilities SBU, increased PTC reflects the resolution of regulated rate cases last year, contributions for new renewable projects and higher energy sales at Southland. These impacts were partially offset by the exits of coal-fired generation at the DPL and Shady Point. Regarding DPLs DMR extension filing there is not much to report, but we remain on track for an expected ruling in 2020, and continue to feel confident about the merits of our case. In Indiana, IPL recently filed a plan to transform its electric grid, while continued to meet the energy needs of its customers, with improved service reliability, efficiency and safety. The plan calls for $1.2 billion of CND [ph] investment over seven years, with a tracking mechanism recovering 80% of this cost between rate base. AES equity investment would be roughly $200 million. If approved, the plan would be a key component of the mid-single digit rate base growth we have discussed it in the past. A final ruling in the case is expected by early 2020. At our South America SBU, lower PTC was largely driven by lower generation and energy pricing in Colombia, as well as lower volumes in Chile. Lower PTC at our Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean are MCAC SBU reflects an extended plant outage for maintenance and repairs at our Changuinola hydro plant in Panama. Finally in Eurasia, lower results primarily planned outages achieved and the shutdown of 300 megawatt of capacity at Ballylumford in Northern Ireland. In mid-June we closed the sale of this businesses for total proceeds of $120 million. In Bulgaria, there have been no significant developments since our last call. Our plant continues to be dispatched reinforcing its criticality to the Bulgarian grid and we are being paid on time. Lastly, we recently took advantage of strong market demand for infrastructure projects in Vietnam to refinance $1.1 billion of project at [Indiscernible]. The issuance was four times oversubscribed and enabled us to lower our interest rate, while improving financial flexibility. This is just another example of our continued liability management effort across our portfolio, capitalizing on a low interest rate environment. Now to slide 22, to summarize our performance in the first half of the year, we earned adjusted EPS of $0.53 versus $0.52 last year. Relative to 2018, we expect strong growth in the second half of 2019, primarily driven by contributions for new businesses, continued cost savings initiatives, and the timing of our major outages, particularly in Panama and the Dominican Republic. As you may have seen in our press release, we are reaffirming the $1.34 midpoint of our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance. We are also nearing the range by $0.04 to $1.28 – from $1.28 to $1.40 to $1.30 to $1.38 given our confidence in the outlook for the second half of the year. I will also highlight that we -- we are reaffirming our 2019 parent free cash flow target of $700 million to $750 million. Turning to 2019 Parent Capital allocation on slide 23. Beginning on the left hand side, sources reflect $1.1 billion of total discretionary cash including $725 million of parent free cash flow. Sources also consider $369 million in assets sale proceeds, which include Northern Ireland, and this sPower’s sell down, both of which have closed, as well as Jordan, which were expected to close by year end. Now to uses on the right hand side, including the 5% dividend increase we announced in December, we'll be returning $361 million to shareholders this year. We expect to allocate another $150 million to parent debt paydown largely to strengthen our investment grade metrics, and we plan to invest $450 million in our subsidiaries, leaving about $200 million of unallocated cash. Finally moving to our capital location from 2019 through 2022 beginning on Slide 24. We expect our portfolio to generate $4 billion in discretionary cash, which is about 35% of our current market cap. About 80% of this cash is expected to be generated from parent free cash flow. The remaining $800 million comes from asset sales proceeds, about half of which has been announced or closed this year. In addition to this, we are making very good progress on the third party capital initiative we have discussed previously, and expect the formal announcement later this year. As we have said before, the goal is to provide a more systematic and cost effective source of capital that would be incremental to the $4 billion I just mentioned. Turning to the uses of the discretionary cash on slide 25, roughly 40% of this cash will be allocated to shareholder dividends. Looking forward, subject to annual review by the board, we expect the dividend to grow 4% to 6% per year in line with the industry average. We plan to use $300 million for debt reduction, half of which we expected to complete in 2019. The other half will be used to maintain credit neutrality as we pursue the remaining planet asset sales. We are also expecting to use $1.5 billion for our equity investments in our backlog and projected PPAs, and an additional $200 million to fund T&D investments at IPL was completed all of these projects will contribute to our growth through 2022 and beyond. The remaining $470 million of unallocated cash will be used in accordance with our capital allocation framework to achieve our financial objectives. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. In the first half of the year, we made very good progress on our strategic objectives and expect to accomplish significant milestones in the remainder of the year. We are enhancing the resilience of our portfolio, and we are on track to attain investment grade ratings in 2020. We are increasing our backlog of long term contracted projects. The sustained profitable growth, including advancing renewables and LNG infrastructure, and we are deploying innovative technologies to maintain our competitive edge and market leading positions. Accordingly, we are confident in our ability to achieve our 2019 guidance. We're also confident that we will deliver 7% to 9% growth in cash flow and adjusted earnings per share through 2022. Therefore, we believe AES offers a compelling investment thesis, yielding double-digit total returns that will serve our investors well for years to come. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And the first question comes from Angie Storozynski from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So first on Ohio, the DMR for DPL is still being challenged at the court. And secondly, given the successful challenge of percentages, DMR. Just wondering, if there is a way to either adjust the current rider that the DPL is collecting, and also have some improvements to the one that you were requesting to have extended so that it's not just susceptible to future legal challenges.
Gustavo Pimenta: Hi Angie, Gustavo here. So just to provide a little bit of detail here. And so while it’s been challenged in the court is not the legality of the DMR. So we have a very specific and narrow claim there. The discussion is around if the DMR should be included or not in the SEET test. So from our perspective and there are precedents in Ohio in which charge similar to the DMR should not be included in the seat best. So we feel -- we feel good about that. In any case, we don't think this is a binary outcome, right. So we have to run this through the SEET test at the end to see what is the final impact. And you know, our view is that decision will probably become coming towards year end. But again, it's not a challenging regarding the legality of the demand, that's a very important clarification. The extension is a separate discussion, right. So, we've got the initial three years under the assumption that would be very specific in terms of the uses of the proceeds. So we've done, we've used 100% of the proceeds for that pay down. We brought -- we brought the complex back to investment grade, and from our perspective, it is necessary to secure the extension for the complex to maintain the investment grade, in position DPL for grid modernization. You may recall we filed last year an investment on his smart grid and for us to continue with those investments. It's fundamental that we secured an extension. So we feel, we have a good case, but that will have to run its two process.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And moving on to your cash value of allocation. So just wanted to make sure that the $395 million of proceeds from asset sales is independent of this pending process, where you're trying to raise third party capital and on the latter, given the low and falling interest rate environment, if you could comment if that is actually somewhat beneficial to the process either you're seeing actually more demand for partial sell down of equity of your operating assets and future assets.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, hi Angie, this is Andrés. Yes, as we said this initiative is additional. It in no way affects the $395 million. It's progressing well, as Gustavo said. And you know stay tuned for developments in the latter half of the year. I would add that this is not like if we don't do this, we’ve already raised $3 billion of partner capital at very good rates. So what we're trying to do here is, do it in a more systematic and predictable way. But in either case, we have additional upside from incorporating partners into our businesses.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
AliAgha: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Ali.
AliAgha: Good morning, Andrés. My first question I did want to come back to Ohio if I could. I hear the point you make that hey, you know the Supreme Court challenge for you is specific to the SEET test. Nevertheless, you know there is a Supreme Court decision in the state that you know basically went against the validity of the FE DMR. So there's a possibility that eventually something like that challenge happens to your DMR as well if it’s not happening today. So can you just simply summarize for us why you think your DMR would be different and should be treated differently than the way FE’s DMR is being treated?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, I think, I mean it's very objective here. We've --that's not the discussion in our case, right. So discussion again in our case is regarding the SEET test and not the legalities, so that is not in this court today.
AliAgha: I get that. I get that when I think of …
Andrés Gluski: I think the potential implications would be for potential discussion on the extension of the DMR, which I think it's a more fundamental discussion if the DMR should exist or not. And again, we do believe we have a very good case when we got the first, but very clearly if you read the outcome there, one of the discussion is if the proceeds are clearly defined in terms of the uses. In the case of DPL this was very clearly defined. We used 100% for that paydown, so a lot of the fundamentals that were discussed in the other case. From our perspective, our solid from a DPL standpoint and again we need that from our perspective to maintain the investment grade and position DPL for grid mode.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes Ali, I think what's very important is also for you know for Dayton to have a grid equal to the other grids in Ohio. It needs an investment grade company and that is all wrapped together in this request for an extension of the DMR.
AliAgha: Okay, separately Andrés can you also give us an update on what you're seeing in Puerto Rico right now with the political turmoil there any impact at all on your plant or your project out there?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Puerto Rico has been through you know removal of the governor and they are in the process of appointing a new governor. Look, whatever occurs will continue to be very important for Puerto Rico. We have the most reliable and by far the cheapest energy on the island. To replace our coal plant in Puerto Rico, by burning heavy fuel oil, which is what the other plants mainly burn, besides some gas would cost about an additional $300 million to $400 million a year in imported fuel bills. So Puerto would have to pay an additional $300 million to $400 million per year, which will be passed on to consumers. I think what's also very important is of the large plants. There are only two which are EPA compliant. Most of the plants in Puerto Rico because they're burning heavy fuel oil have excess emissions of sacs, so they're not EPA compliant. And for that reason the air in San Juan and Ponce, the two main cities is not compliant. So while there's been some you know noise of about our coal ash on the island, really this this plant is very necessary. You know we're working with the PREPA to see about green blend and extend as a way of reducing total emissions, you know emissions on the island. And we'll continue to work with them. So stay tuned. And you know this plant is important. It is producing the most reliable and the cheapest energy on the island.
AliAgha: Okay. And last question Andrés you know the 395 million of remaining asset sales. Is the goal there still to exit out of non-core assets as part of that process, or is that more driven by partial sell downs of existing assets to rake in recycled capital. Are you thinking about the remaining assets sale process?
Andrés Gluski: Well we have a number of objectives. So clearly, we have an objective of reaching less than 30% of our total generation by megawatt hour coming from coal. So you know that's something that we will keep in mind. We'll also keep in mind you know those markets which we think are growing most quickly and of course we've also been I think very successful in improving our returns for example even on renewables, by incorporating partner. So there's a combination of factors. But yes, obviously, reducing our carbon footprint will be one consideration in our additional sell downs.
AliAgha: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon from Evercore. Please go ahead sir.
Greg Gordon: Thanks guys. 
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Sorry to beat a dead horse on the DMR. I already understood that the nuances of your legal situation. But can you just tell us even though you in all rights you need this money to fulfill the capital needs of the distribution utility in Ohio, and should get the approval. Is your 7% to 9% expected earnings growth rate resilient to a negative outcome in that case?
Gustavo Pimenta: The answer is yes.
Andrés Gluski: Just to compliment Greg, just to compliment, I think you may recall first Q we have announced the additional $100 million of potential cost savings from digital, which was not in the 7 to 9. So you see that now our forecast has really resilience to manage some of the negative outcome. Having said that, we expect it to get the DMR extension.
Greg Gordon: Right. And then my second question was with regard to Vietnam. You talked about how you're pleased with the movement towards potential realization of commercial opportunity there. I think, you know some of your investors are a bit skittish as it pertains to really large bets on highly concentrated investments out in Asia. So if this does come to a become a really viable commercial opportunity, do you see bringing in partners? How would you like decide that investment vis a-vis your overall capital business for AES.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. Well you know of course we have a portfolio view of our capital and we don't want excessive concentration in any one particular market outside of the U.S. So I would say that to look at what we did with our Mong Duong facility in Vietnam, where we have been very successful. We were paid on time, it's a dollar contract. We're viewed as the premier operator and developer and builder of projects in Vietnam. So in that case, we didn't have an over concentration of capital. So in the case of Vietnam, we may have Vietnamese partners from the get go. But you know we'll be conscious of that. But I think it's moving very well and as you know Vietnam is a place where it takes time to develop the projects, because you require government consensus from many entities. But you know we're well on our way. So we feel very confident about this project, and you know we'll obviously we'll be conscious about over concentration in one country.
Greg Gordon: Great. My last question is with regard to Fluence, I think that there was an incident where the technology had some issues in Arizona several months ago. Was that an isolated event or have there been improvements or modifications to the design of your of your offering as a result of that?
Andrés Gluski: Yes this occurred in a two megawatt facility in Arizona. We've been working with the battery manufacturer, and the utility in that case, really investigating all the root causes and looking at all our facilities. I would say that we've taken a real prudent steps based on that, realize that we're now coming out with our fifth generation of energy storage, which will be a cube and it has all the latest safety requirements. For example, the state of New York, which is it's 95 48 and in addition to that realized that you know we continue to see very strong demand for Fluence even the operator of the one unit that did have that incident, we continue to go forward. So looking at that, we think this is something that there was some earning, we're working again with the battery supplier to really look at what was the root cause. And we're incorporating all learnings and we will have what we have, you know quite frankly, you know the safeties and most up to date units out in in operation, and in construction.
Greg Gordon: Thank you guys, have a great morning.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning, Kim.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So I just wanted to follow up a little bit different from from other here. First, just with respect to Vietnam and then just what's the latest progress on an LNG contract in there? What should we be expecting going into the fourth quarter here, anything in particular? And then separately, you mentioned IPL. There have been some issues in Indiana around these RP processes of late. Can you comment about what kind of generation shifts are reflected in that 1.2 billion. Would that be potentially incremental? Are you thinking about anything? I know that some of the modeling scenarios that have been released by IPL have talked about this a little bit, so just that if you can't on those two big capital budgeting items here. And then separately as the second question, I'll just ask you now, can you comment a little bit on the PTC contributions and the year-over-year increases from the renewables segment and how you're thinking about that scaling through the course of the year so I'll leave it there?
Andrés Gluski: Okay let's take this multifaceted question part by part. I think regarding Vietnam, as you know when President Trump visited Vietnam, there was a letter of intent signed for this project, and it was you know I'll take one of the marquee projects that the two countries had agreed to. So Energy Demand in Vietnam is growing around 10%. Quite frankly, Vietnam is one of the beneficiaries of some of the trade dispute between the U.S. and China. So expect demand to grow even faster. Vietnam does not have sufficient domestic LNG, doesn't even have sufficient coal, and so it's Vietnam is moving towards LNG and renewables as well. So this is a very necessary project. It's going to start supplying not only the new combined cycle gas plants, which are part of this initiative, but existing ones, which are running out of offshore gas as well. So I think it's very necessary. It's also a project, it's very important for both countries for the U.S. and for Vietnam. So that the next things as you know expect no further progress in terms of you know announcements is a between the two countries and us that this is going to be moving forward with. And you know what Vietnamese partners are involved. Vietnam is a country of consensus as I said. So it takes time. But they move and they move in a very steady but very certain fashion. So that's what I would say sort of stay tuned, and it will of course. We have to -- we are part of the Vietnamese government's master electricity plant and that will also involve you know how much LNG is imported. And you know the phasing in of the combined cycle plants. On the second, I will pass this to Gustavo, what I would say is a big part of the $1.2 billion at IPL is actually to – and so it’s a smart grid infrastructure. So I'll pass it to Gustavo.
Gustavo Pimenta: That's right. So Julien, Gustavo here. Yes. The 1.2 is all T&D. So you're the team is looking for opportunities on the generation side, but it's not in this number yet. So this is it's in the works. On your third question, regarding their renewable contribution in this quarter was not that material around the cent. And as we bring new projects on line towards your end, then we'll have an additional contribution.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just to clarify quickly, just on the PTC contribution for renewables, should we expect a material tax credit benefit in 4Q here to be kind of a big year of your uptake. 
Andrés Gluski: Not material, but some contribution, but not material.
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, Julien, I -- just just remind you that remember that we were split 50/50 between solar and wind, and we split 50/50 between U.S. and international. So you know something like HLBV is not as important for us as it is for other people.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just finally to read between the lines with IPL, we shouldn't expect anything too different from that 1.2 for the RFP process for the time being?
Andrés Gluski: The things we are still working on that one. So that this 1.2 was exclusively on T&D and we are looking for opportunities on the RFP and we'll come back to you as we as we get this. Put this to bed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. Stay tuned. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: Hi. Good morning. On Fluence, its certainly an emerging technology that we're still going down the cost curve. Andrés, would you say that your margins are holding -- per megawatt or however you measure it as this technology progresses down the cost curve.
Andrés Gluski: Look I would say that the sales margin you know certainly are holding their different margins for different businesses. You know obviously we're in 20 countries today. We're selling you know for example in the Philippines where you have many isolated positions. You have different applications such as community solar, you had where frankly SunFlex, which is slightly different project product than our advancing product. So you know the margins will differ depending on the market depending on the exact product. But basically, we see the cost curve coming down, because as we come up with our next generation of product here, it's going to be more productized, it's going to be more prefab and it's going to be less customized as we've learnt more about what is optimal for our customers in different situations, so more customization will be on the software and less will be on the hardware. So I would say expect margins to continue to improve. Not not actually go down even though you know we're seeing some you know in some cases you know people are bidding very low prices for the integration of energy storage. Basically to say that, they have an approved product up and operating in many of those cases we don't. We don't compete because you know we would do require margin from our projects.
Charles Fishman: Sure. And then one last quick question. The virtual reservoir, Alto Maipo, how is that different from pump storage, and doesn't involve any of the Fluence technology?
Andrés Gluski: Good question. It's absolutely Fluence technology. So basically it changes. It differs from pump storage, well pump storage you need a reservoir. You've got to put that water somewhere, and you know you have to build pipelines and you have to use electricity get it up there. And so, there's friction, just the physics of storing electrons is superior to that of storing molecules. So the virtual dam is basically the idea to combine a run of the river facility such as you know the whole Alto Maipo complex is about 750 megawatts. And then you have associated energy storage. Now if you have only five hour storage, what I would remind people that means it's five hours at 100% discharge. If you discharge it at 50% you actually have energy storage capabilities for 10 hours. So what this will allow is you know the run of the river is constant. And what we will do doing is injecting energy into the grid when the prices are best. That's basically it. And really providing capacity. I mean the one big issue with renewables is that they don't really provide you around the clock capacity. So this will provide us you know our run of the river does have actually run around the clock capacity, but this will allow us to inject that energy when it's most needed. So this is a very exciting technology and it will be I'm sure copied. And if we end up with a 250 megawatt five hour facility at the Alto Maipo complex, that makes the economics much more attractive.
Charles Fishman: That is fascinating. I would think that in the U.S. with the hydro and all the hydro we have but the limited opportunity to expand that might be a potential market if you can drive the Fluence cost down. Is that correct?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, that's absolutely correct. I mean, we actually are have people looking at the virtual Hydro in places like India, because realize that nowadays getting the environmental permits to construct a reservoir you know that often means forest clearance. That means relocating people, is very difficult. These you can install you know within 12 months. So you know really the only barrier is getting the regulations in place as many on getting the proper capacity payments for this to work in and of course it works best in situations where you have a big penetration of solar for example. So you have that really that duck curve that you can take advantage of.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thanks Andrés. I can see why you're so excited about Fluence. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: I do.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Horn in Russia for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks everybody for joining us on today's call. As always the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thanks again, and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation you may now disconnect. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the AES Corporation's First Quarter 2019 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2019 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior management of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our first quarter 2019 financial review call. Since our last call we have made significant progress on a number of fronts. We continue to transform the company, growing our renewables and LNG businesses, simplifying and streamlining our portfolio, reducing costs, and improving our overall risk profile. Specifically we reported first quarter adjusted EPS of $0.28 and remain confident in our full year outlook.  We're on track to attain investment grade ratings in 2020. We signed long-term contracts for approximately 500 megawatts of renewable capacity increasing our backlog to 6.2 gigawatts. We signed a 12 year agreement to sell up to 18 TBTUs of LNG annually in the Caribbean beginning in 2020. Today we're announcing a target of $100 million of additional annual cost savings to be realized by 2022 as a result of our digital initiatives and we agreed to sell our businesses in Jordan and Northern Ireland for $211 million. Gustavo will discuss our financial results and capital allocation plan in more detail following my remarks.  Turning to slide 4, our core strategy continues to revolve around three themes; first, enhancing the resilience of our portfolio to deliver attractive returns. Second, increasing our backlog long-term contracted projects to ensure profitable growth. And third, investing in innovative technologies to maintain our competitive edge and market leading positions. Today I will review the progress we've made since our last call in support of these themes.  Turning to slide 5, we continue to take steps to derisk our portfolio and make it even more resilient. We remain on track to attain investment grade ratings by 2020 supported not only by our financial metrics but also by the lower level of risk and higher quality of our portfolio. We expect to achieve our carbon intensity reduction target of 50% by 2022 and 70% by 2030 reducing potential regulatory risks and attracting a broader investor base. One of the ways we are reducing our carbon intensity is through our green blend and extend strategy where we are negotiating new long-term renewable PPAs with existing long-term thermal customers. Through this win-win strategy we preserve the value of our existing contracts while extending our average contract life and earning a return on our incremental capital investments.  We're currently in advanced discussions for additional large green blend and extend contracts in Chile and Mexico. Separately we just initiated a similar conversations on green blend and extend with PURPA in Puerto Rico. Another way we're transforming our portfolio is by exiting certain businesses. For example in late April we announced the sale of more than 2 gigawatts of overwhelmingly thermal generation in Jordan and Northern Ireland. These sales decrease our merchant exposure, lower our carbon intensity, and reduce our presence to 13 countries. In line with our capital allocation framework we will primarily invest these proceeds in renewables in the Americas.  Turning to slide 6, as we've discussed previously we're focused on growing our business through long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts with limited merchant commodity and hydrology exposure. One additional initiative that I would like to mention today is the expansion of our business with commercial and industrial customers. This approach further enhances our resilience by diversifying our customer base and providing greater protection from regulatory and macroeconomic factors in our markets.  Now turning to our backlog, our growth in renewables continues. As can be seen on slide 7 during the first quarter we signed new long-term PPAs for approximately 500 megawatts of renewables consistent with our expectations. Turning to slide 8 we now have a total backlog of 6.2 gigawatts and we expect to sign 2 to 3 gigawatts of new PPAs every year for a total of approximately 12 gigawatts of new capacity by 2022. By then we project the U.S. will represent almost half of our earnings versus about a third today.  Now to our projects under construction beginning on slide 9, of the 4.5 gigawatts currently under construction approximately 40% is now renewables. This percentage will grow as we bring online the large conventional thermal plants we contracted number of years ago while adding new wind, solar, and energy storage projects. As you can see on slide 10 the renewable projects under construction are split equally between the U.S. and internationally. All of these projects are expected to come online in the next 18 months. We are particularly pleased with the speed at which we have been able to transition these projects from development to construction. For example as you can see on slide 11 we received all necessary permits for sPower's 500 megawatt Highlander Solar Project in Virginia, the largest solar project in the mid-Atlantic. This project has long-term contracts with C%I customers such as Apple and Microsoft and we expect to begin construction this summer with completion targeted for 2020 and 2021.  Turning to slide 12 and our conventional projects under construction. Our OPGC 2 plant in India is in the testing phase and is running at full load. The plant is expected to be operational later this month and will deliver much needed power to the Indian grid. Our Southland Repowering project in Southern California is approximately 90% complete and the project is on track to come on line in the first half of next year. And our Alto Maipo hydroelectric project in Chile is advancing as planned and is now 78% complete with 72% of the tunneling work done.  Turning now to our LNG business on slide 13. You see the expansion of our LNG projects is complementary to our renewable businesses as it provides capacity while displacing heavy fuel oil and diesel with cheaper and cleaner natural gas. This business is based on long-term tolling agreements with no direct commodity risk. Another benefit of our LNG projects is that once they are built they can be scaled up at relatively low cost as most of the key infrastructure is already in place. We are focusing our LNG growth on two major markets; first is Vietnam where we are making very good progress towards the development of a landmark project with 450 TBTUs of LNG storage capacity and 2 gigawatts of associated combined cycle gas plants. We expect this project to significantly contribute to our growth beginning in 2023.  Second, in the Caribbean and Central America where we have a total of 150 TBTUs of LNG storage capacity in Panama and the Dominican Republic. Our guidance assume that we would contract some of the excess capacity available at these two terminals. In fact since our last call we signed a 12-year contract for up to 18 TBTUs of annual capacity. With this contract we have already locked in the terminal capacity payments that are assumed in our guidance through 2022. The remaining uncontracted capacity provides us with $0.03 of potential EPS upside relative to our guidance.  Turning to slide 14, the third component of our core strategy is to invest in innovative technologies to maintain our market leading position and realize commercial and operational efficiencies. As most of you know AES is at the forefront of battery based energy storage. Fluence, our energy storage joint venture is the leading provider of grid scale storage in the world with 81 projects in 18 countries totaling 776 megawatts deployed or awarded. Now let me say a few words on the recent thermal incident at our 2 megawatt energy storage facility we installed for Arizona Public Service which resulted in serious injuries for four first responders last month. Of course our top priority is the health, safety, and recovery of the first responders. Fortunately we understand from statements made by the hospital that all are expected to make a full recovery.  Regarding the event itself police immediately dispatched a team of technical and operational experts to support APS in the incident root cause investigation. APS and Fluence have committed to share what they can from the investigation especially insights that would be helpful to the entire industry and first responders in efforts to prevent similar incidents anywhere in the world. AES has been safely operating a fleet of battery based energy storage systems for over a decade and today has storage systems operating in multiple country, uses and environments. We continue to believe in the use of lithium ion batteries for energy storage and continue to see rapidly growing demand for this technology and its many applications.  Finally turning to slide 15 today we announced the launch of an additional $100 million annual cost savings program. Our savings target is based on our current digital initiatives which are expected to be fully implemented by 2022. Although we have significantly reduced costs over the last several years we're taking our efforts to the next level by applying new digital initiatives and analytics across our $33 million asset base. As most of our business is long-term contracted at fixed U.S. prices, much of the benefits from these digital initiatives will flow to our bottom line. Specifically the main activities include utilizing AI for predictive maintenance and outage prevents. Using technologies such as robotics and drones for solar and wind maintenance and inspection and implementing process automation in administrative and support functions.  On an annual basis we're targeting a 5% reduction in the total expense for these activities. Net of any cost we achieve so we feel very confident about our ability to achieve $100 million in annual run rate savings by 2022. Now I'll turn the call over to Gustavo to discuss our financial results and capital allocation in more detail. 
Gustavo Pimenta: Thank you Andrés. Today I will go over our first quarter results, improving credit profile, and capital allocation. In the first quarter we made solid progress towards our full year guidance range of a $1.28 to a $1.40. As shown in slide 17 adjusted EPS was $0.28 primarily reflecting the benefits of improved efficiencies and lower parent interest expense resulting from about $1 billion in debt pay down. This improvement was offset by the impact of asset sales and shutdowns. With our first quarter results and 2.2 gigawatts coming online in the year to go we are on track to achieve our full year guidance.  Turning to slide 18 adjusted pre-tax contribution or PPC was $272 million for the quarter, a decrease of $16 million. I will cover our results in more detail over the next four slides beginning on slide 19. In the U.S. and utilities SBU relatively flat PPC reflects higher rates following the resolutions of rate cases late last year at DPL and IPL as well as lower expected asset return obligations at DPL. These impacts were partially offset by the exits of coal fired generation at DPL and Shady Point. Regarding DPLs DMR extension filing there is not much to report, would expect activity to increase as its position at the commission is complete and the new chairman is now in place. Accordingly we remain on track for an expected ruling in 2020 and we continue to feel confident about the merits of our case.  At our South America SBU lower PPC was largely driven by Argentina where we saw lower dispatch at our plants. This generation profile was in line with our projections and was expected to impact the first quarter only. Relatively flat PPC at our Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean are MCAC SBU reflects an extended plant outage for maintenance and repairs at our Changuinola hydro plant in Panama. This was partially offset by the commencement of operations at the AEC Colón CCGT last year and outage related insurance proceeds in the Dominican Republic.  Finally in Eurasia, lower results primarily reflect the sales of our businesses in the Philippines and the Netherlands as well as the shift our 300 megawatt of capacity at Ballylumford in Northern Ireland. In Bulgaria there have been no significant developments since our last call. Our plant continues to be reinforcing its criticality to the Bulgarian and we are being paid on time.  Turning to our improving credit profile on slide 23. Since we first established our goal of reaching investment grade in 2016 we have reduced apparent debt by $1.3 billion or 26%. We continue to have ongoing discussions with the rating agencies and remain confident in our ability to attain investment grade rating in 2020. We believe this improvement in our credit profile is helping us not only to reduce our cost of debt and improve our financial flexibility but also to enhance our equity valuation. Over the next few years we expect our credit metrics to show further improvement through growth in our parent free cash flow as well as modest additional delevering. While apparent credit improvement is a key focus of ours we are also constantly looking for opportunities to strengthen the capital structure of our subsidiaries. This is demonstrated by the $1.5 billion of liability and management transactions we have executed so far this year at three businesses alone Gener, Tiete and DPL. In all cases we're able to take advantage of good market conditions to extend maturities and lower interest rates. For instance at DPL we refinanced $400 million of the Holdco 2021 notes increasing the term by 8 years and reducing the interest rates by 290 basis points.  Now to 2019 parent capital allocation on slide 24, beginning on the left hand side source reflect $1.1 billion of total discretionary cash including 725 million of parent free cash flow. Sources also include $384 million in assets sale proceeds which is $16 million higher than our previous disclosure for 2019. Proceeds include approximately $170 million from the sell down of sPower's operating portfolio and $211 million from the sale of our businesses in Jordan and Northern Ireland announced a couple of weeks ago. Now to uses on the right hand side. Including the 5% dividend increase we announced in December we'll be returning $361 million to shareholders this year. We expected to allocate another $150 million this year to parent debt largely to strengthen our investment grade metrics and we plan to invest over 400 million in our subsidiaries leaving about 200 million of unallocated cash.  Finally moving to our capital allocations in 2019 through 2022 beginning on slide 25. We expected our portfolio to generate $4 billion in discretionary cash which is about 35% of our current market cap. About 80% of this cash is expected to be generated from parent free cash flow. The remaining 800 comes from asset sale proceeds about half of which has been announced or closed this year.  Turning to the uses of the discretionary cash on slide 26, roughly 40% of this cash will be allocated to shareholder dividends. Looking forward, subject to annual review by the board we expect the dividend to grow 4% to 6% per year in line with the industry average. We expected to use $300 million for debt reduction including a portion to maintain credit neutrality as we pursue the remaining planned asset sales. We are also planning to use $1.5 billion for our equity investments in our backlog and projects PPAs. Once completed all of these projects will contribute to our growth through 2022 and beyond. The remaining $670 million of unallocated cash will be used in accordance with our capital allocation framework to achieve our financial objectives. With that I'll turn the call back over to Andrés. 
Andrés Gluski: Thanks Gustavo. Before we take your questions let me summarize today's call. 2019 is off to a good start as demonstrated by our financial results and progress on our strategic goals. We remain on track to attain investment grade ratings in 2020. We are completing our large conventional construction projects. We are signing long-term U.S. dollar denominated PPAs for renewables. We are leveraging our position and experience to expand our LNG infrastructure business and we are targeting $100 million of additional annual cost savings further enhancing the resilience of our 7% to 9% average annual growth target. Accordingly we remain confident in our ability to deliver attractive double-digit total return to our shareholders. Operator we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead. 
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning Ali. 
Ali Agha: Good morning. First question Andrés, just to get a bigger and better sense on the timing around this incremental cost reduction, so you currently have an ongoing cost reduction program giving you benefits of 100 million in 2019 and in 2020. So when does this incremental 100 million actually kick in, does it kick-in in 2021 and you said the run rate of 100 million by 2022 how much can you specifically capture in 2021 and 2022 from this program?
Andrés Gluski: That's a great question. So first let me be very clear, this is additional to the programs that we have announced in the past and this is also net of any cost to achieve those savings. We feel very confident in achieving these savings because this is about 5% of expense on those categories and these initiatives are currently underway. So with that said it's also sort of growing over time because this is an annual run rate savings. So as you correctly point out, the larger benefits will be in 2021 and 2022. So you know by 2021 we should probably have about half of these savings and the full amount would be in the run rate of 2022. 
Ali Agha: Okay and then secondly the 101.5 billion that you've targeted as equity investment in new projects between now and 2022 how much of that is already in hand right now in terms of at least having the signed PPA if not construction and I know in the past you talked about potential investment by Tiete on a win company in Brazil where does that stand and is that part of this 1.5 billion?
Andrés Gluski: What this includes is that we are committed to, projects which are under construction and being completed includes all the renewables but it also includes a run rate in renewable, getting into new projects that hit that 2 to 3 gigawatts of annual capacity. So it will include a portion of those expected PPAs that we're signing as we on go because between signing and completion it is about 18 months so obviously some of the things that are in that number have not yet been signed. So it includes part of the run rate.
Gustavo Pimenta: Gustavo here. If I can complement I would say probably 70% to 80% is somewhat in the pocket, so deals that we've signed but as Andrés said there is a proportion yet to be allocated that's expected to be captured. So things like investments in subs would fall under that category.
Ali Agha: Okay and the Tiete transaction?
Andrés Gluski: So Tiete they haven't announced yet how they're going to fund it so we can't comment on that. But if needed that would come from that $1.5 billion of projected PPAs that we have in the chart. 
Ali Agha: I see, last question, can you just remind us how much of the LNG capacity is not yet contracted and what's the timing when you think potentially you could contract and see that incremental $0.03 of earnings?
Andrés Gluski: You know as I said a lot of the infrastructure already exists. So it really depends on the timing of the additional investments. So you know we've completed what we said we would do by 2022. So basically we already have that. So I think basically we have let's see, we have probably about 30% still to go. So we have about 50 TBTUs so between the Caribbean and Central America and that just is a question of when we sign up more customers. So stay tuned, I think we are doing very well and quite frankly with relative prices today of U.S. based LNG and oil it is very attractive for customers to sign up. So we've completed what we said we would do and now we're actively pursuing those additional $0.03.
Ali Agha: Understood, thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks Ali.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with BOA. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning. 
Andrés Gluski: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, congrats. Lots of updates this morning, so I just wanted to clarify a couple of things here if you can very quickly. First, on incremental cost savings how much of that is parent versus allocated at the subsidiary levels and then how much would you say this is incremental, what's the total amount especially of parent SG&A savings that we're talking about through 2022, just to make sure we're fine tuning things precisely here?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, let me be clear here. So a portion of that savings will be obviously at the sub level but however this is what we expect to flow up to Corp. Okay, so this is basically we expect $100 million of savings to what hits Corp even though a lot of those savings will occur in subs but that means that obviously there will be additional savings which we'll share with our partners. So this is what actually hits AES. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And total cost savings I mean there were rather, is that SG&A kind of target just overall because I know that there was already some degree of cost savings reflected through 2022?
Andrés Gluski: Obviously the SG&A a savings especially at Corp are relatively small. A lot of this is operational efficiencies, predictive maintenance, less outages, better planning. So we feel very confident because a lot of these are things which some other companies have done. So we're really leapfrogging here to put ourselves at the leading edge. As you know we hired a new Chief Information Digital Officer, Sanjeev Addala. He's working hand-in-hand with our Chief Operational Officer, Bernard Da Santos. So you know we feel very good about this and going forward we've identified where the savings would come from and it's also pretty leapfrogging and catching up with the leading edge of all of our other companies around the world.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent and then turning back to the U.S. side of the equation, you said I think about half of your earnings by 2022 versus a third today would be coming from the U.S., can you clarify especially in light of your latest procurement efforts how you are addressing ITC recognition for solar assets and how much will be tax credits when you think of that U.S. earnings contribution, I am just trying to make sure we're fine tuning things appropriately especially given the litany of different accounting approaches taken across the sector? 
Gustavo Pimenta: Sure. Julien, this is Gustavo. The 50% is mostly driven by the fact that 50% or even more of our free cash flow has been deployed in the U.S. It's more equity going to the U.S. and therefore you see that the proportion of the U.S. growing. We are growing the distribution business IPL, DPL as well so that that's the main driver. As we've mentioned in the last call from our perspective a lot of the renewables are outside the U.S. so the growth is not really from an ITC PPC recognition is not really a major driver for a 7% to 9%. And a lot of the growth is 7% to 9%. We do have a lot of deals already in the pocket like something coming online or PPC cost cutting things like that. So it's not a major driver in our case because as I said 50% is in the U.S. Even in the U.S. you have 40% wind which has a low impact. And I think what is more important our cash flow is also growing at 7% to 9% ratio which kind of reinforce the quality of the earnings.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Fair, and then lastly just if you can quickly clarify on Mexico, proper Chile, the blend and extend, what does that imply for your existing assets and just perhaps elaborate a little bit more on the opportunity side especially in Puerto Rico and Mexico given you guys haven't done much there historically?
Andrés Gluski: Well, as we said it is sort of green, blend and extend, what does it essentially consist of. You have a long-term thermal contract where we really make our returns on the capacity payments and energy is a pass through. So we basically go to the client and say we will replace a portion of the energy being generated by the thermal plant with renewable energy if you sign a long-term PPA. So this is a win-win from both because we get a new contract for renewal and get a return on that and we still get our capacity payment. So part of this is that you have to relearn how to run our thermal plants at a lower margin to make space for renewable.  Now in the case of Mexico we have picked up which are thermal plants. Of course in Chile we have a number of thermal plants where we've already been applying this with our large commercial and industrial customers. And in Puerto Rico you may have seen that we are in discussions with PURPA to see how we could have some modifications to allow for green, blend and extend as well. So basically we are reacting to customers desires for more green energy. In many cases the cost of the energy is lower than the variable cost of running the thermal plant and we're lowering carbon footprints in line with what they desire. And very importantly we're keeping the capacity because you know when everybody talks about renewables that's great for energy but what about capacity, the ability to retain the lights on 24/7. So we really feel that there are two ways to do it, the green, blend and extend or energy storage. And I think we're well-positioned in both sides.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, thank you. 
Andrés Gluski: You're welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Turnure with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning. I wanted to ask for more color on Alto Maipo, I think you said it was 78% complete as of now and the tunneling was around 72% complete. Could you maybe comment a little bit more on that particularly on the progress of tunneling since your last update?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, I mean we continue to execute on our plan. I think it's going very well. I believe now we have six tunnel boring machines in operation and we remain on track for what we've said in the past of completing this project by starting in 2020. So I guess that's the only update that I can really say that we're -- since we did the restructuring where the contractor has a lot more say skin in the game and applied the learnings that we've had over the last couple of years we're executing as per the plan.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, excellent. And then switching gears to Mexico, could you just kind of comment broadly on your existing assets there and the project where you've relatively recently signed a contract kind of how you're thinking about the political and regulatory environment given some of the headlines over the past three months?
Andrés Gluski: Well, our strategy in Mexico has always been to sign a long-term dollar denominated contracts with investment grade off takers in the private sector. So we're relatively a little exposed let's say to some of the changes that they have announced for the CFE and others. So our projects continue, I think our clients are looking for green energy. In many case they're looking for the green, blend and extend. So those projects continue on track and we expect to be signing more sort of green, blend and extend projects in Mexico.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, then with that no slowdown of future project potential?
Andrés Gluski: Again we remain on track and we think our strategy was very resilient and robust because from day one it was a really long-term dollar denominated contracts with investment grade off takers. And many of them are exporters for example. So they really it's you know having a dollar denominated cost is not an issue for them and actually helps them sort of with their future forecasts?
Christopher Turnure: Okay, great. Thanks Andrés. 
Andrés Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Thanks guys, a couple of questions, good morning. It looks like some of the currency exposures not for 2019 which I know are quite small but for 2020 which are a bit larger have shifted if I look from the Q4 presentation to the Q1 presentations, can you just talk about how you or how you've -- how your commodity -- how your currency hedging has changed and if that's the case why?
Gustavo Pimenta: No, it hasn't moved maturely Greg. Greg, this is Gustavo. It hasn’t moved maturely. We continue to be mostly dollar denominated. And if anything and when there is a remaining exposure in some particular market we do pursue a hedge here at Corp to offset that. So it's not something that we are concerned with and no mature differences versus where we were before. 
Greg Gordon: Okay, great, it did look small so thank you. The second thing was with regard to the cadence of the expected backlog realization in the renewables which is slide 8. I think you're still basically assuming you over time achieving almost exactly the same amount. But I think some of the realizations have shifted from 2019 to 2020 to 2021, am I misreading that or if not can you just talk about how has it firmed up the backlog and what you're looking at?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yeah Greg, Gustavo again. Yeah, you're right. I think the only major change from the prior disclosure has been Highlander which we got the approvals, it took a little bit longer than we initially forecasted. So we move at that, you're going to see in the appendix we move on that to 2020 and 2021. So initially it was part of that was in 2019. That's the only change. So the rest is in line.
Greg Gordon: Okay, and I know -- and just to reconfirm you are assuming a favorable outcome in the DMR filing in your long-term guidance correct?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yeah, we assume a continuation, we haven't disclosed the particular number there but we assume a continuation of our support. We believe it's needed. And yes it is in our projections.
Greg Gordon: Okay, but given a) you have a guidance range and b) you've just basically added $0.10 of incremental earnings from cost savings and that if you were to not get the DMR and you were to risk adjust for not getting the DMR, are you still comfortable that you'd be in that guidance range?
Andrés Gluski: What it says again we're adding resilience to our forecasts. So the additional $100 million of cost savings realize that the DMR where it's really crucial was at DPL level. And it's crucial for DPL to undertake its modernization program. 
Greg Gordon: I completely agree with you, I am just -- I know it's an investor debate and that's why I ask. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah. Okay. Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research. Please go ahead. 
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Good morning. One of the savings in your waterfall chart slide 17 was effective tax rate for the recently ended quarter going down to 32%. I realize you don't give guidance on effect of tax rate but you can sort of back into it from the guidance you give on adjusted PPC and adjusted EPS. In the last couple of years it's been running around 30% on an annual basis, is the first quarter just normally run higher or is something changing with respect to what you're seeing on your effective tax rates because of the mix of earnings from different countries or is there any additional color you can provide?
Gustavo Pimenta: This is Gustavo again. Yeah, that's right. It's mostly driven by the mix. We're not seeing any mature change versus what we had anticipated which is somewhat between 29% and 31% for the year. But yes on a quarter after quarter we should have and it's not uncommon to have similar activity and driven by the mix. But on a full year basis it should be normalized in the 29% to 31% should be the final number.
Charles Fishman: Got it, thank you. That's the only question I had. 
Andrés Gluski: Thanks Charles. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah, hi, good morning. Just, could you just give us your thoughts on the political economic environment in Argentina and potential things we should be watching there for you?
Andrés Gluski: Sure. Steve, as I have said in the past in Argentina I don't see it as anything sort of binary. So, really the question is, is there any degradation in the earnings. And we've seen a slight degradation of $0.01 to $0.02 from let's say where we were thinking maybe a year ago. So Argentina assets are excellent assets and it's a very robust business. Since I've been involved in the Argentine business since the year 2000 we've made money every year. We've paid dividends every year. We did have three years where we were unable to convert those dividends into dollars because there were currency restrictions in place. So to put it in perspective. So, first it is a very resilient business and depending on government policies there could be some degradation but it's not a binary issue I believe.  I think with the political situation in Argentina they're having elections in October and we'll see who wins, whether it's a continuation of the current president, could be Lavagna who's a Peronist or you could have Cristina Kirchner who is running on her own. And so we'll have to see. I don't think there'll be any immediate regardless of who wins, I don't think there will be any immediate outcome or changes in this sector that would require laws for it to change. I think that the -- as I said in the past when people got very worried about the exchange rate in Argentina I said look they had a terrible harvest, 30% lower but they're increasing, they're up. If they have normal harvests and with the increase in their natural gas exports, I think reaching exports of natural gas eliminating imports I think that side looks a lot stronger. So it's really a question of what -- how the change in the regulatory structure is. We've been there before and as I said it's not a binary issue. Overall we feel cautiously optimistic that things will continue more or less as they are today.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, and then just on the battery side of that occurred, I know you're still investigating that in the light. But I'm just in some of the stories I read I think there were at least some that talked about there being fires in other parts of the world with batteries. And I don't know if you have examples of others and what might have caused those other ones just so we kind of have an idea of what it could be. 
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, first what we had was a thermal event. We didn't really have a fire per say. And you're right there have been over the years, this is nothing new, over the years a number of thermal events or fires in lithium ion batteries in everything from cars to energy storage. So this is not totally new. So we have to investigate what was it that occurred in this event, exactly what was the root cause and make sure that we engineer or take all precautions to really minimize the likelihood of such an event in the past. Things are changing in terms of some of the technologies but you know we've had lithium ion batteries on a grid scale 10 to 40 megawatts operating for 10 years already without an incident. So we're investigating it, there's not much I can say at this point but as I mentioned we will share the crucial aspects of the finding to make sure that everybody takes whatever precautionary measures can be taken. So this is not -- there's not a repeat of this event.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, thank you. 
Andrés Gluski: Thank you Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yeah. Thank you. You talked about some items in the quarter related to generation dispatch in Argentina and then there was some issues in Panama but you didn't modify your adjusted PPC guidance for those regions, can you talk about what you're thinking is?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yeah. Hey Greg, Gustavo here. Yes, the impact in the quarter as we mentioned in my prepared remarks present in the case of Argentina and also in Panama with Changuinola were expected. So we had that in our plan already. So 1Q came really in line with our initial projections and expectations so there was no need for us to adjust going forward. And again while we are catching up towards the year end as I said also in my prepared remarks we are having 2.2 gigawatt coming online from today until December and that's going to be a major driver of earnings going forward. So that's why you see this variance quarter after quarter. 
Gregg Orrill: Okay, thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you Brandon. Thanks everybody for joining us on today's call. As always the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thanks again and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the AES Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2018 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Carey. Good morning. And welcome to our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our Web site at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer;  Gustavo Pimenta, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior management of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Ahmed. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 financial review call. 2018 was a good year for AES, demonstrated by our strong financial results and excellent progress towards achieving our strategic goals. We delivered on all of our commitments, including our financial guidance and hit key milestones on our strategy positioning AES for long-term sustainable growth. Some of our key accomplishments last year were; we reached the high-end of our expected ranges for both earnings per share and free cash flow; we achieved a key investment grade financial metrics one year ahead of our plan; we met our expectation of signing long-term PPAs for 2 gigawatts of renewable capacity and increased our backlog to almost 6 gigawatts; we accomplished key milestones on our 4.4 gigawatts under construction and completed construction of an additional 1.3 gigawatts; we introduced a longer term target to reduce our carbon intensity by 70% from 2016 through 2020; we now expect to achieve a 50% reduction by 2022; and our world leading battery-based energy storage joint venture with Siemens, Fluence, was awarded 286 megawatts of new projects bringing this total to 766 megawatts. Reflecting on our successful execution, improved visibility and increased confidence and our ability to deliver, we are extending our longer-term outlook by two years, and now expect 7% to 9% average annual growth in earnings and cash flow through 2022. As a result of our strong performance in 2018, combined with our improved outlook, we expect to hit the high-end of our prior guidance range through 2020. Gustavo will discuss our 2018 results and guidance in more detail after I provide an overview of our strategy. Turning now to Slide 4. Our core strategy continues to revolve around the three themes of; first, enhancing the resilience of our portfolio and lowering risk to deliver attractive returns; second, delivering on our backlog of long-term contracted projects to ensure profitable growth; and three, investing in cumulative technologies to maintain our competitive edge and market leading position. Today, I will review the progress we've made this year in support of these themes and how we have positioned ourselves well for the future. Turning to Slide 5, we are seeing the benefits of many initiatives that began several years ago to de-risk our portfolio. AES today is a very different company than it was in 2011, doing business in 28 countries around the world with significant commodity exposure. Since then we have focused our portfolio on roughly a dozen markets where we have a competitive advantage and we have reduced our overall exposure to foreign currencies, commodities and hydrology by 70%. In 2018 alone, we paid down $1 billion dollars in current debt, and we are on a path to attain investment grade ratings in 2020, supported not only by our financial metrics but also by the lower level of risk and higher quality of our portfolio. Our efforts to enhance the resilience of the portfolio have led us to focus increasingly on clean technologies. As you can see on Slide 6, we are significantly decreasing the carbon intensity of our portfolio. In November, we announced the carbon intensity reduction target of 70% by 2030 versus 2016 levels. Today, I am pleased to announce an interim carbon intensity reduction target of 50% by 2022. Our shift to renewables simply makes good business sense. It increases the longevity of our cash flows and allows us to attract a broader investor base. Another way we're decreasing the risk of our portfolio is by completing most of the large conventional projects under construction and focusing our future growth on renewable projects, which are less capital-intensive and considerably simpler to build. Turning now to our strong backlog of projects, beginning with our progress on those under construction on Slide 7. In 2018, we completed 1.3 gigawatts of new projects, including the Eagle Valley combined cycle gas plant and IP&L in Indiana, and the AES Colón combined cycle gas plant and re-gasification terminal in Panama, and 254 megawatts of solar and energy storage, mostly in the U.S. We still have another 4.4 gigawatts currently under construction and expected to come online through 2021. Our OPGC2 to plant in India is in the commissioning phase and we expect it will be fully completed in May. Our south land repowering project in Southern California is approximately 80% complete, and the project is on track to come online in the first half of next year. And our Alto Maipo hydroelectric project in Chile is advancing as planned and is now three quarters complete with two third of the tunneling work done. The remaining projects under construction are made up of renewables across our portfolio. As you can see on Slide 9, this capacity is split equally between the U.S. and internationally. All of these projects are going well and they are expected to come online in the next 18 months. We are particularly pleased with the speed at which we've been able to transition these projects from development to construction. Since our last call in November, we have broken ground on 721 megawatts of solar, wind and energy storage. As can be seen on Slide 10, in 2018, we signed new PPAs for approximately 2 gigawatts of renewables, and we're on track to sign between 2 gigawatts and 3 gigawatts annually in the coming years. Turning to Slide 11, combining our capacity under construction with our long-term PPAs that are not yet under construction, yields our total backlog to 5.8 gigawatts. As we execute on our plan to sign 2 gigawatts to 3 gigawatts of new PPAs every year, we expect to bring a total of 12 gigawatts online by 2022. By then, we project that the U.S. will represent almost half of our earnings versus about one third today. As can be seen on Slide 12, our renewable investments are expected to produce close to high teen IRRs across all our market assuming conservative terminal values. We have some unique advantages that allow us to earn these attractive returns, which I'll discuss in the next few slides. Beginning on Slide 13, first, we have existing commercial relationships that we can leverage to drive new growth. For example, our green blend and extend strategy allows us to negotiate new long-term PPAs with existing long-term thermal customers. Through this win-win strategy, we preserve some value of our existing thermal capacity contracts, while replacing a portion of thermal energy with long-term contracted renewable energy. In exchange, our customers receive carbon free energy at less than the marginal cost of thermal power, while still benefiting from reliable capacity provided by thermal generation. In 2018 alone, we negotiated green blend and extend contracts for 576 megawatts in Chile and Mexico. A second advantage that we have for renewable growth is deep market intimacy. For example, AES Distributed Energy recently inaugurated the largest solar storage facility in the world, the island of Kauai. The deposit was made possible by AES's long history in Hawaii and willingness to work with local stakeholders to meet their needs and goals. The project which includes 100 megawatt hours of 5 hour duration energy storage will essentially serve as a source of base load power for the island and deliver roughly 11% of its power. We recently broke ground on a similar second project also on the Island of Hawaii with 14 megawatts of solar and 70 megawatt hours of 5 hour duration energy storage. Third, our work with partners provides us with an important competitive advantage. We bring in partners to achieve economies of scale, fine-tune our portfolio and improve our returns on invested capital. Our recent sell down of sPower is a good example where we agreed to sell 48% of our stake in sPower's operating portfolio, which along with operational improvements and refinancing have increased our returns to 13%. The sell down also provides us with funds to invest in sPower's 10 gigawatt development pipeline to earn similar attractive returns. Turning now to Slide 16. In addition to our growth in renewable, we continue to increase our LNG business, which is displacing heavy fuel oil and diesel with cheaper and cleaner natural gas. As you may know, in 2018, we inaugurated our AES Colón combined cycle gas plant and LNG regasification facility in Panama, which will play a key role in supplying natural gas for the entire Central American region. Our LNG facilities in Panama and the Dominican Republic represent a total install capacity of 150 tera BTUs to serve local and regional markets. The majority of this capacity is now under contract and the remaining 55 tera BTUs are still available to drive future growth. As I mentioned on our last call, we are capitalizing on the expertise we have gained in the Dominican Republic and Panama by developing a similar LNG regasification facility and associated combined cycle power plant in Vietnam. Although, this long-term U.S. dollar denominated 450 tera BTU facility is in its early stages, we are making very good progress and it has a potential to contribute significantly to our longer-term growth for 2023. Turning to Slide 17. The third component of our core strategy is to invest in innovative technologies to maintain our competitive edge and market-leading position. As an example, in 2007, AES launched a small energy storage group that was the first of its kind. Today energy storage is beginning to revolutionize the sector and AES is at the forefront. Fluence, our JV with Siemens, was recently named the number one utility scale energy storage integrator in the world by Navigant Research for the third time in a row. In 2018, Fluence was awarded 286 megawatts of new projects and is now the largest global energy storage provider by capacity in the world with a total of 80 projects in 17 countries. Turning to Slide 18, we're also implementing a corporate wide digital transformation, including becoming a strategic investor in Simple Energy. Simple Energy provides a digital platform that allows our IP&L the DP&L utilities to accelerate energy efficiency and demand response program, all the while improving customer experience. Simple Energy's digital platform serves not only AES's utilities, but 40 other utilities in the U.S. with access to over 40 million end customers. Although, not in our guidance, we expect our new digital initiatives to materially benefit both our top and bottom line. We will provide more color as our digital strategy matures on future calls. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gustavo to discuss our financial results, capital allocation, 2019 guidance and longer-term expectations in more detail.
Gustavo Pimenta: Thank you, Andrés. Today, I will go over our 2018 results, including credit profile and capital allocation. I will conclude by addressing our guidance for this year and expectations through 2022. As Andrés mentioned, we finished 2018 on a strong note, achieving the upper end of our expected ranges for all metrics and setting a solid foundation for growth through 2022. As shown on the Slide 20, adjusted EPS was $1.24, reflecting higher margins from our businesses, particularly in the U.S. and utilities and South America's strategic business units or SBUs, as well as debt pay down at the parent. These positive drivers were partially offset by asset sales in the Philippines and Kazakhstan. Turning to Slide 21, adjusted pretax contribution or PTC was $1.2 billion for the year, an increase of $160 million. I will cover our results in more detail over the next four slides, beginning on Slide 22. In the U.S. and utilities SBUs, higher PTC was primarily driven by DPL, which benefited from higher rates following the resolution of its rate case. Results also reflect high contributions from our U.S. solar business and an extended summer run at our Southland plant in California. Increased PTC at our South America SBU reflects higher contracted pricing in Colombia, as well as higher tariffs in Argentina following the 2017 results. Results also benefited from higher contracted sales and lower interest expense at AES Gener in Chile. Higher PTC at our Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, or MCC SBU reflects a full year of operations at the DPP combined cycle expansion and higher spot energy prices in the Dominican Republic. Results also reflect the commencement of operations at the AES Colón CCGT and regasification facility and improving hydrology in Panama. Finally, in Eurasia, our results primarily reflect the sales of our businesses in the Philippines and Kazakhstan. Turning to our improving credit profile on Slide 26. Since we first established our goal of reaching investment grade in 2016, we have reduced the parent debt by $1.3 billion or 26%. This includes an additional $150 million repayment in December 2018, which is an acceleration of the debt reduction we had anticipated through 2020. As a result, we achieved a key investment grade financial metric of 3.95 times to parent leverage, one year ahead of plan, providing us additional confidence in our ability to attain investment grade ratings in 2020. We believe this improvement in our credit profile is helping us not only to reduce our cost of debt and improve our financial flexibility, but also to enhance our equity valuation. Over the next few years, we expect that our credit metrics to show further improvement through growth in our current free cash flow, as well as modest additional delivering. Now to our 2018 parent capital allocations on Slide 27. Sources on the left hand side reflect $1.9 billion of total discretionary cash generated in 2018, consistent with our prior expectations. This includes $689 million of parent free cash flow just above the high-end of our expected range. Uses on the right-hand side of the slide are also largely in line with our prior disclosures. The one notable exception is our $1.3 billion of cash allocated to parent debt reduction, which reflects the additional $150 million paid down in the fourth quarter. Now turning to our guidance on Slide 28. To-date, we are initiating guidance for 2019 adjusted EPS of $1.28 to $1.40. Growth this year will be largely driven by contributions from new projects and the cost savings. More specifically, we expected to benefit from the completion of most of our large thermal construction projects with expected commencement of operations at OPGC2 in the next few weeks and the first full-year of operations at AES Colón in Panama; growth in renewable, including 1.4 gigawatts scheduled to reach commercial operations this year; a full-year of contributions from the cost savings implemented in 2018; lower currency and interest expense due to completed and continued debt reduction, and a slightly lower effective tax rate of 29% to 31%. This growth will be partially offset by announced business exit in the Philippines, the Netherlands and Oklahoma. To-date, we are also providing our outlook of 7% to 9% EPS and cash flow growth through 2022. We have extended this outlook by two years, which reflects improving confidence in our backlog and increased visibility of earnings and cash flow. One additional point regarding our longer-term outlook; the 7% to 9% growth rate, which is off a 2018 base is in line with hitting the high-end of our previous 8% to 10% growth of a 2017 base through 2020. Consistent with our prior expectations, growth in the outer years is expected to be driven by projects currently under construction, which is Southland, the allocation of parent cash to global renewables growth, and increasing LNG sales in MCEC. I would also note the couple of additional business related assumptions embedded in our longer-term outlook. First, regarding Maritza in Bulgaria. The plant continues to be dispatched in pace in a timely manner. Discussions related to our PPA are still in early stages and we are working to reach a mutually acceptable resolution. As discussed before, our outlook is resilient to any reasonably likely outcome. Second, we continue to see our U.S. utilities is well-positioned for future rate based investment in T&D infrastructure. IPL has grown it's rate base over the last few years. And going forward, there are these two opportunities for growth in the mid-single digits. At DPL where the focus has been on restructuring the business, we pursue growth in the high single-digits. To that end, since our last call, DPL has filed both its grid modernization plan and BMI extension. Together these filings aim to maintain DPLs financial integrity, while bringing its customers the substantial benefits associated with the robust modernizing electric grid. Our guidance assumes that BMI extended for two years from late 2020 through late 2022, allowing the company to meet its financial obligations, while repaying the ability to grow its asset base through its marketable investments. Turning to Slide 29, parent free cash flow is expected to be from $700 million to $750 million this year, and it is also expected to grow 7% to 9% per year through 2022. Now to 2019 current capital allocation on Slide 30. Beginning on the left-hand side, sources reflect $1.1 billion of total discretionary cash, including $725 million of current free cash flow. Sources also include $320 million in asset sales proceeds with 107 in proceeds to the current from announced sell-down of sPower's operating portfolio, and a placeholder for an additional $150 million this year. Now to the uses on the right-hand side, including the 5% dividend increase we announced in the December, we'll be returning $361 million to shareholders this year. We expect it to allocate another $150 million this year to parent debt, largely to strengthen our investment grade metrics, and we plan to invest over $400 million in our subsidiaries leaving about $100 million on unallocated cash. Finally, moving to our capital allocation from 2019 through 2022, beginning on the Slide 31. We expected our portfolio to generate $4 billion in discretionary cash, which is more than 35% of our current market cap. About 80% of this cash is expected to be generated from current free cash flow. The rest comes from our $2 billion asset sales target, $1.4 billion of which is completed or announced. Turning to the use of the discretionary cash on Slide 32. Roughly 40% of this cash will be allocated to shareholder dividends. Looking forward, subject to annual review by the Board, we expect that the dividend to grow 4% to 6% per year in line with the industry average. We expect to use $300 million for this production, including a portion to maintain credit neutrality as we pursue the final asset sales. We are planning to use $1.5 billion for our equity investments in our backlog and projected PPAs. Once completed, all of these projects will contribute to our growth through 2022 and beyond. The remaining $670 million of unallocated cash will be used to create shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. 2018 was a very good year for AES as demonstrated by our strong financial results and excellent progress towards achieving our strategic goals. We are on track to attain investment grade rating in 2020. We are completing our conventional construction projects. We are signing long-term PPAs for renewables, including successfully implementing green blend and extend through our backlog. Going forward, we will invest our growing free cash flow in a robust growth pipeline, while maintaining the strength of our balance sheet and our competitive dividend. Accordingly, combining our annual growth and current dividend yield, we expect to deliver double digit total returns to our shareholders through 2022. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Q - Ali Agha: First question to start with Andrés, just again coming back to the basic assumptions underlying your '18 to '22 growth, to be clear on some of the comments you've made with regards to Bulgaria. Are you assuming that you continue to own that project through the full-year period and that the current economics stay where they are. It wasn’t quite clear what's baked into the assumption with Bulgaria, and then also related to that on the Ohio distribution rider. Can you give us some further thinking and your confidence level on why you think you will get the extension beyond 2020? Just in terms of any commentary or any conversations with the commission that would be helpful.
Andrés Gluski: On Bulgaria, Bulgaria is in our forecast. As we said, our guidance is robust to any reasonably likely outcome there. So we feel confident in our guidance. It does conclude Bulgaria. As been said, conversations are in the very early stages. We think we have a very strong case. And certainly the plant is necessary for Bulgaria. It provides a lot of jobs locally, especially if you include the mining sector. So, yes, it's included. But our guidance is robust to any reasonably likely outcome. Regarding DP&L and the rider, I mean, basically what I can tell you, is that this has to do with company achieving investment-grade. The company has plans for grid modernization, grid resilience. And we think those elements are necessary and likely to remain. So basically the outlook for DP&L in terms of improving the quality of new services is good and the monetization rider is part of that.
Ali Agha: And then second question, just to clarify the fact that you're running at the higher end of your near term '17 through '20. Would you attribute that to faster than expected success in your renewable strategy? Or what's driving you to that higher end at least in the near term?
Andrés Gluski: I would say all of the above. I think we've been very successful on cost cuts. I think we've been very successful on the green blend and expense strategy. And as I mentioned in my speech, we're very pleased by how we've been able to transition projects from development into construction on the renewable side. So it's all of the above.
Gustavo Pimenta : I'll still add, Ali, the LNG sale which is accelerating, so that's another important element of that guidance that we are providing. 
Ali Agha : And last question. I just wanted to be clear on the sources and uses that you've laid out as you fund this CapEx through 2022. Just to be very clear. You're not assuming or you don't see a need for external equity to support this program. The internal cash flow and asset sales should fund all your needs to support the backlog and the growth through 2022. Am I correct in that?
Andrés Gluski: You are correct. So this is an unambiguous yes. The program is such that between our internally generated cash flow, including some asset sales, we fully fund our program and pay the dividends and also some modest debt pay down as well. So this does not assume any additional equity.
Operator: The next question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So I just wanted to follow-up a little bit more on the backlog and the capital allocation commitment. Just want to be a little clear about this or perhaps quite clear, both '19 and through the '22 outlook. How are you thinking about the net income contribution from the renewables growth as it stands today? You've got $1.5 billion and broadly allocated and again I know that's not necessarily all for the renewables business. But how are you thinking about renewables' contribution specifically year-over-year into '19 and through '22 from the plan and/or what you've contracted today? However you want to characterize that.
Andrés Gluski: Well, let me stand in big picture. Big picture is we have considerable capital tied-up in construction projects, which we will be cutting the ribbon from now through 2021. In many cases, we have contributed all of the capital that we need to contribute. So, most of our growth is coming from organic projects and just cutting the ribbon. So I want that to be perfectly clear. Second, you have to remember in our renewables program, half of this is outside the U.S. and the half that’s in the U.S., about 40% is win. So the contribution, for example, of HLBV is so far negligible, and it's not as big for us as it is for other people going forward. So in terms of the growth, as I said, a big contributor to this is the organic growth coming from the projects we have completed. In addition to the megawatts that I've mentioned, for example, we have completed the storage tank in Panama, which is going to happen about the middle of this year. So we have additional projects coming online from there. So with that I can pass it off to Gustavo but I want to make absolutely unambiguous that we have very strong organic growth coming on. And given the distribution of our growth, you don't have things like HLBV outside of the U.S.?
Gustavo Pimenta: So if you look at our 7% to 9% approximate 60% of that is just the materialization and reaching COD, especially the large thermal projects, Southland, OPGC, full year of follow-on and so on. The 40% is from the renewable space. Out of which half is internationally is in the U.S., so it’s not a major contributor yet for earnings. And I think one way to see that is our proportional -- our current free cash flow is also growing at the similar rate 7% to 9% for the same period.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to make sure I understand this. So for '19, because I appreciate that HLBV nuance and just the timing in-service, renewable contribution is fairly limited to growth. But as you say 40% of the overall 7% to 9% roughly, call it may be little bit less than $150 million of net income growth, is coming from renewables by the end of the '22 period?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, and that's global renewable. So as Andrés mentioned, half of that 40%, call it 20%, is internationally, which doesn’t have that affect. And the local one then you have 40%, which is win and then the rest is solar. So it's a subset of the 40% at the end.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just want to clarify one more nuance detail here. That 40% for renewable, that's relative to what investment in renewables. What you've contracted thus far or what the cumulative plan entails? I just want to make sure we're specific there?
Gustavo Pimenta: It's the cumulative, yes. What we have expected throughout the period.
Operator: The next question will come from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: So first on your credit metrics. Can give us a sense where credit agencies are now that you have reached the investment grade metrics? And also you are just showing that this one metric. Can you comment about FFO to debt or net debt-to-EBITDA what those metrics are? And again, mostly because I'm trying to gauge when we should expect upgrade to the current rating?
Gustavo Pimenta: So our base case is to get the metric in 2020. So it continues to be the case. We just started our process with the agencies. They are supportive. They've seen all of the efforts that was done in terms of reducing the leverage. From an FFO to debt, we are closing '18 at 18.8%, 20% is above the threshold. So that is why you see in our capital allocation another $150 million. I think what is more important is that from a capital allocation standpoint, most of the heavy lifting has been done. So we've paid down close to $1 billion of debt last year. So what is remaining in the plan is it's a relatively small amount, but rate agencies will take their time. So we are still expecting the actual action on the rating to be taken early next year 2020.
Angie Storozynski: Secondly, so in you press release you talk about this additional sell down of your stake in sPower. Is this -- I mean I remember that you guys mentioned that Tom is working on some systemic or structured relationships with a party that could take future ownership of operating assets. Is this what it is? Or are we still waiting for an announcement and it's still scheduled for roughly mid of this year?
Andrés Gluski: No, this is not part of that. And as we've said in the past, Tom will be working on the more systematic way of getting partnership money into our projects. And stay tuned, at the right time, we will explain this. But this is -- as I said, we've done $3 billion of partnership capital over the past five years. And so this is an extension of that.
Angie Storozynski: And then my last question, I remember you made comment about your dividends, the competitive dividend. Once you actually pay down all the debt that is required to the people of the credit agencies. I mean should we expect that the dividend growth will be commensurate with the earnings growth?
Gustavo Pimenta: I think again so stay tuned. We said that we would have competitive dividend growth. And so this is approved annually by the board. So stay tuned. But we're in that 4% to 6% ranges, which is the industry average. So we should expect this to be within the 4% to 6% range within the site, within the four year period, and really validated by the board. So 4% to 6% is what we should expect.
Operator: The next question will come from Greg Gordon of Evercore.
Greg Gordon: Just to circle back to couple of the original questions. You said that -- is your plan also resilient to potentially not getting the BMR extended by two years. So as we think about 7% to 9% growth rate, while you're assuming that you do get the extension if you were to not get the extension, which is still be inside of growth rate?
Andrés Gluski: What I'd say is look we have we think a very robust plan. It's taking any potential downside. We have a number of potential upside. So certainly, we could have faster growth, for example, of our LNG sales, which are very attractive because we basically made the capital investments. So there's certainly a potential market there for that. Second, as I mentioned in my speech, we really haven’t incorporated all of the potential benefits from our digital transformation. So that has been a significant amount of cost cuts. I think we have a very good track record of over delivering on cost cuts. But it also has significant revenue potential. So as we don't like to talk about these things until we really have them in hand. So when I look at that, this is a robust plan given I think that any potential downsides or offset with potential upside and these potential upsides are quite concrete, we feel. So stay tuned.
Greg Gordon: And there was no mention of the preexisting cost-cutting initiatives in this slide deck. I shouldn't presume that there's has been any change?
Andrés Gluski: No, there hasn’t. And in fact we remain on track.
Gustavo Pimenta: So the plan has been fully executed last year. So we are getting in '19 run rate savings of $100 million, which was with what we had disclosed it before, so in line with prior disclosures.
Greg Gordon: And the $2 billion asset sell target is still in place, but you extended the overall guidance framework to '22. Does that imply that the asset, the pace of the asset sales is slowed or do you still expect to have the majority of those asset sales completed by 2020?
Gustavo Pimenta: I'd say by 2020 we'll complete the $2 billion what we expect, that's part of this plan. Going forward, we will continue to fine-tune our portfolio. So there may be additional sales but as part of the portfolio. So they may not be wholly exiting, they may be like we did it as far selling down a portion and reinvesting that money and higher return. So that remains part of our modus operandi going forward.
Greg Gordon: No, I get that, completely understood. I just wanted to make sure the pre-existing targets were still haven’t slept and the answer to that is no they haven't…
Gustavo Pimenta: No, pre-existing targets, not at all. We feel very confident about them. And we expect to execute on that.
Greg Gordon: And then on the targets for the renewables growth, they are quite robust. And it's a little bit of a blend and extend in that and then in your prior guidance, you had targeted 3,000 megawatts for '19. Now you're targeting 2,500. But you're targeting and consistent execution over a longer period of time. And you have a higher end exit rate, exit number in terms of total aspirational growth in renewables. What should we look for over the course of this year to see that you're hitting your targets, because there was a bit of a deceleration in wins when we look at what you've executed in Q3 and Q4 of '18?
Gustavo Pimenta: Greg, this has to do just with the timing of the signing of the PPAs. There has been no, from our point of view, no let's say feeling that we're going slower than we were previously. It's just a little bit of timing and making sure that we have these PPAs signed before we commence construction. So the way you can make sure that we're on track is just we will have the announcements of the growth, the milestones that we hit throughout the quarter. So again, green blend and extend has shown itself to be very robust, and we're actually doing very well there. And certainly our distributed LNG as the announcements we've had in Hawaii and other places, it is very robust. So, no, we really don't feel that we're decelerating. It's just a question of the timing, which these projects are going to come in.
Operator: The next question will come from Christopher Turnure of JP Morgan.
Christopher Turnure: I want to follow-up on some of the renewable financing comments that you've made so far. Just overall could you give us thoughts on how that effort is going? I don’t know if Tom is on the call or not. But where you are seeing the lowest costs, both in the U.S. and globally? And then your slide on the IRRs for renewables. Does that assume that you are tax efficient or does that take into consideration any tax inefficiency that you have?
Andrés Gluski: Let me see, so that’s multiple questions. Let' see. So first, Tom is not on the call. And what is assumed in these numbers is that tax efficiency, and what is assumed is, for example, I'd say mainly in the U.S. where we actually sell down a portion once it reaches operations and optimize it for operational and financial efficiency. So that's I'd say basically it. I think in the rest of the world, what we're seeing especially for example in South America and in Mexico is really the green blend and extend project itself. Again, you don't have a HLBV, you don’t have ITC, you don’t have some of the other elements that you have in the state that make it, let's say, a little bit more complicated accounting and less transparent to see through. So I would say it's basically that. We will continue to do what we've done. So we think this is very credible. We've done this and we will going forward. And different markets are progressing at different speeds. We certainly see that the combination of solar energy storage is coming into being and that’s an area where we have we think a real competitive advantage.
Christopher Turnure: And then just going back to the IRR comment that you made. Does that mean that the numbers on that particular slide are hypothetical and your actual returns are lower than that? Or do those numbers take into consideration everything?
Gustavo Pimenta: This is actual IRR, so cash-on-cash, so this is not ROE it's actually IRR. So that's cash-on-cash real return.
Christopher Turnure: And then just to follow-up to I think one of the earlier balance sheet questions. You mentioned that a year from now roughly is when you're thinking agencies might come back to the table here and revisit your ratings. Could you give us any color on how your discussions on business risks are going within that overall discussion?
Gustavo Pimenta: Yes, sure. That's I think one of the upside and one of the positive feedback that we get. I think we continue to be a diversified portfolio, which is important for them but more focused on markets with lower risk. So I think from that perspective, we get very good feedback from their agencies and it's an important component of our trajectory here. It's not only a question of the quality of our portfolio. So I did mention in my speech that, measurably our risks are down 70% over the last five years, to make very big something like Panama where we have 777 megawatts of hydro. In a dry year, we would be forced to buy in the market and therefore, energy would be high, energy to supply our contracts that are contracted. And now with Colón in place and natural gas coming into Panama, we have such that particular risk by about 80%. So the quality of the portfolio is backing up the numbers. I think that’s very, very important. In fact, what's underlying the subsidiaries our investment grade as well and we feel there's hydrology commodity FX risk is very much. So it's not just the metric itself, I think it's a quality of those metrics.
Christopher Turnure: So it sounds like you're pretty much there in terms of the business mix and your improvement, you just need to maybe execute for a couple more quarters to get that recognized?
Gustavo Pimenta: That’s exactly right. Yes, we think there's a seasoning that those agencies will require, but we feel pretty good of path we are on. And we feel very good that our business mix continues to improve the quality of the portfolio.
Operator: The next question will come from Gregg Orrill of UBS.
Gregg Orrill: Regarding the 24% sell down and sPower, what's the impact there on returns or earnings of sPower, how are you thinking about that?
Andrés Gluski: I don’t think we want to specifically discuss that amount. But obviously, once you have operating assets up and running under long-term contracts, there're other people who are willing to or interested in owning those assets for the long-term at less returns than you'd get when you are the originator, developer and constructor of those projects.
Gustavo Pimenta: I think what I've been saying, Greg, when we bought its how we bought at high-single digits. So after the acquisition we secure the refinancing, the operational includes maintenance so on plus those sell downs we've brought this to 13%. That is just part of that value creation that we're able to conduct.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Just on the Ohio DMR, could you just remind me how much earnings come from that?
Gustavo Pimenta: Today we have $105 pretax, so $105 million per year…
Steve Fleishman: And are you tying the two cases such that if you're not going to be getting that in the future, if they don’t extend it, you are not going to be able to commit to grow the investment in the grid?
Gustavo Pimenta: That's right. I mean, they two work together so we need -- we believe it's important to have the DMR for us to be able to continue the transformation of DPL including these markets with investments.
Steve Fleishman: And the just on your -- you might have answered this. But just how would you characterize your returns on new renewable growth projects in U.S. relative to that 13% that you are now up to on sPower acquisition?
Gustavo Pimenta: I think we have a different project in the U.S. We have project -- several AES distributed energy projects then we have sPower projects, we have C&I customers, we still have some deal in the works. We have deals where we're really combining energy storage in new. So there is a range depending on the particular niche, let' say, I would say that we're addressing. I would say to -- and again I would also say that you when we characterize these returns, this is just the project return that we're looking and not any leverage at corp or anything above. And we were very conservative I'd say about terminal value. But obviously in the plain-vanilla in the U.S., it does involve that we would flip portion of the operating assets to some long-term holder other than ourselves. So there is that combination. But we do have this mix, so it's not like a uniform product that we are selling across the states.
Steve Fleishman: And then one last question just on -- I thought I saw somewhere that you might have won storage project with Arizona with APS. And I don’t know -- I didn’t see that in your -- could you talk about that, and it seem to be pretty sure?
Gustavo Pimenta: It's a 100 megawatt four our energy storage, so it's 400 megawatts hours. This is quite frankly exactly the size of the one that we have on Alamitos that we're building today. And so as you put those two together, we have two projects of 100 megawatts to four hours each that would be 200 megawatts, 800 megawatts hours between the two projects.
Steve Fleishman: But that's not in what you announced as of the year end, that would be additive?
Gustavo Pimenta: That's correct, that's not in 2018 numbers.
Operator: The next question will come from the Charles Fishman of Morningstar Research. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: If I can just follow-up on Steve's question. So with Fluence, end of the year award and delivered 766, if I my math is right versus I think at the third quarter it was 701. So 65 megawatts were added during the fourth quarter. What specifically was that?
Andrés Gluski: Fluence is a JV between us and Siemens. But Fluence own sales team is doing quite a lot. So they're in 17 countries with 80 projects. The projects vary from smaller projects. It can be 500 KV or a multiple of them, smaller units 500 KV one megawatt but the larger units as large as the 800 megawatt hours. So honestly I don't have off the top of my head, which of those projects are. But realized we're hitting everybody from C&I customers to the very largest utilities and everything in between. So it's a mix of product. And the large ones tend to be a bit lumpy, but we like very much of the smaller projects that come in. And we increased the number of countries around the world. One thing that’s probably we at AES together with Mitsubishi inaugurated India's first energy storage project last week in Delhi and this together with Tata Power. And this project is I think very important for India, because it establishing how energy storage would work on that grid and getting the regulations in place. And as you know India has -- it is actually building out 200 gigawatts of renewables, probably 80s I think are in the bag. And they are going to need a whole lot of energy storage to be able to accommodate that much renewables on their grid. So there's a lot of interesting markets opening-up.
Charles Fishman: And we'll see this number order and delivered jump when you report first quarter, because of APS?
Andrés Gluski: As I said, there will be lumpiness as these projects come in.
Charles Fishman: And one other question Andrés, I want to make sure I got this right. You said that by -- I believe you said that by 2022, 50% of your PTC coming from the SBUs will be U.S. generated. Was that correct?
Andrés Gluski: There is course, especially when you have renewables with shorter time frames that are rolling in terms of -- this will be rolling overtime we have to win some of those bids. But yes, given our current expectations is a little less than half will be U.S. and that's up from about a third today. So the proportion of our pretax contributions coming from the U.S. should rise overtime given our expectations for where that growth is coming from. Obviously, we have like Southland coming online. We have a number of projects in Hawaii. You mentioned the APS. So we've signings certainly in terms of megawatts, lot of big projects in the state. You also have the investments -- future investments in the DP&L as well. So we have great visibility into a strong pipeline of growth in the U.S.
Operator: And this concludes the question-and-answer session. And I would now like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR teams will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thanks again and have a nice day. Bye-bye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - VP, IR Andrés Gluski - President & CEO Tom O'Flynn - CFO
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Steve Fleishman - Wolf Research Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Consulting
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the AES Corporation's Third Quarter 2018 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Brendon. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2018 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; Gustavo Pimenta, Deputy Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our third quarter 2018 financial review call. We had a strong quarter demonstrated by solid financial results and excellent progress towards achieving our strategic goals. We continue to improve the returns from our existing portfolio and position AES for long-term sustainable growth. Our third quarter adjusted EPS of $0.35 puts us at $0.88 for the first nine months of 2018 which is 35% higher than the $0.65 we earned in the same period last year. We remain on-track to achieve our 2018 guidance and longer term expectations. Tom will discuss our results in more detail after I provide a review of our strategic accomplishments. I will structure my remarks today around four overall themes; first, optimizing our returns; second, our growing backlog of renewable projects; third, advancing our LNG strategy; and finally, deploying new technologies. I have discussed these themes in the past, and on this call I will provide concrete examples of how we're delivering on each in support of our overall strategy. Beginning on Slide 4 with optimizing our returns. We have been reshaping our portfolio to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders while reducing our overall risk and carbon footprint. As can be seen on the slide, our renewable investments are projected to produce low-to-high teen IRRs across all markets assuming conservative terminal values. Specifically, as you may recall, we bought sPower in 2017 at a high single-digit return; since then we have taken steps to enhance that return including refinancings and operational improvements. This morning we announced that we have agreed to sell 24% of sPower's operating portfolio to Ullico. As a result of all of these actions we have improved our expected return on sPower's operating portfolio to around 13%, and we will use the proceeds to help fund new solar and wind projects in the U.S. Now turning to our backlog of renewable projects beginning on Slide 5. Our robust pipeline continues to increase driven by our focus on select markets where we can take advantage of our global scale and synergies with our existing businesses. So far this year we have signed 1.9 gigawatts of long-term PPAs for renewable projects or 93% of our internal projection of 2 gigawatts for full year 2018. We are on pace to sign 2 to 3 gigawatts of new PPAs annually for 2019 and 2020. We expect this capacity to be split 50-50 between the U.S. and internationally, and similarly, between solar and wind. By the end of 2020 we expect to have signed 7.5 gigawatts of new renewable PPAs all of which will be online by 2022. To complement our strategy to invest in attractive renewable projects and expand our environmental, social and governance related disclosures; next week we will be releasing a climate scenario report that complies with the guidelines of the task force on climate related financial disclosures and includes updated carbon intensity reduction targets that reflect our renewable growth. Now onto Slide 6 and how we are capitalizing on our existing footprint. As you may recall, on our last call we introduced our green blend and extend strategy. With this win-win strategy we leverage our existing platforms, contracts and relationships to negotiate new long-term PPAs with higher returns than we would otherwise get through a bidding process. We see potential opportunities to execute on this strategy across many of our markets including Chile, Mexico and United States. In the near-term we see an addressable universe of 7 gigawatts across our portfolio which could substantially increase as other markets capitalize on the economic benefits of renewables. Turning to Slide 7; we have signed two green blend and extend contracts for a total of 576 megawatts in Chile and Mexico. The contract in Chile was the first of it's kind; we signed an 18-year contract with an existing customer for 1,100 gigawatt hours of annual delivery [ph] which is equivalent to 270 megawatts of renewable capacity. This will lengthen AES Gener's average contract life to 11 years, replace 5% of AES Gener's total load, and 40% of the thermal PPAs expiring in 2022. We are also implementing a similar contract in Mexico with our off-taker Penoles. To help Penoles gradually replace pet-coke with greener, efficient renewable energy, we negotiated a 25-year PPA to build the 306 megawatt Mesa La Paz wind project leveraging our strong existing customer relationship and our global renewables capabilities. This will increase our average contract life with Penoles from 8 years to 17 years. In summary, we are very encouraged by our progress to-date on the green blend and extend concept, and we are well positioned to take advantage of this significant opportunity. Turning to Slide 8; since our last call we've made good progress on the 3.9 gigawatts of projects under construction. Currently 80% consists of large conventional projects which are significantly more capital intensive and complex, and have longer lead times. Our conventional generation projects under construction are progressing well and the majority of the capacity will be completed by the end of next year. I will now review some of these construction projects on the following slides beginning on Slide 9. Construction on our 1.3 gigawatts Southland [ph] combined cycle plant in Southern California is proceeding as planned, on-time and on-budget; and we are now well over halfway complete. All six turbines and generators are in place and the focus is now on the installation of piping and electrical components. The project is expected to be operational by the first half of 2020. OPGC2 in India and Alto Maipo in Chile are both advancing as planned. OPGC 2 is 97.5% complete and is expected to come online later this year. Alto Maipo is 70% complete with the tunneling work 61% complete, and is expected to come online in the second half of 2020. The remaining 20% of our projects under construction are solar, wind and energy storage which compared to construction of conventional generation are generally much less complex. As I previously discussed, the vast majority of our future construction will be renewables. Currently our 776 megawatts of renewable construction projects are expected to come online through 2020. In Hawaii, we're delivering two solar plus storage facilities for a total of 47 megawatts of solar and 170 megawatt hours of 5-hour energy storage on the island of Hawaii [ph]. These pioneering projects will serve base load energy needs including satisfying 24/7 demand with renewable power. The first of these projects is under construction and the second for the U.S. Navy is expected to begin construction later this year. Once both of these projects are complete, they will represent the largest solar plus storage installation in the world. Furthermore, we were recently awarded two additional projects with 90 megawatts of solar plus 360 megawatt hours of energy storage, also in Hawaii. We are currently finalizing the PPAs for these projects and will provide additional details once the contracts are signed. To summarize, as shown on Slide 12, we expect at 11.3 gigawatts of new capacity through 2022. This includes our 5.7 gigawatt backlog, as well as 5.6 gigawatts of additional renewable PPAs we expect to sign through 2020. These projects will be key contributors to our growth through 2020 and beyond. Turning now to our LNG strategy on Slide 13. As you may know, we have 2 LNG regasification terminals in Central America and the Caribbean with a total of 150 tera Btus of LNG storage capacity. These terminals were built to supply not only the gas for our co-located combined cycle plants but also to meet the growing demand for natural gas in the region. This excess capacity provides us with significant upside potential as the fixed cost of the terminals are covered by our captive requirements. We are making good progress on the commercialization of this capacity, in fact, this year we have signed three contracts yielding $35 million in additional annual margin to AES beginning in 2021. With the sales we will monetize much of our excess capacity in the Dominican Republic. However, we have options for further expansion in the Dominican Republic as needed. In Panama, the storage tank at our recently inaugurated Colon power plant and regasification terminal will come online in mid-2019, and approximately 60% of the terminals capacity is still available. This represents an additional potential margin of more than $60 million annually for Colon. Together with our strategic partners total, we are already making progress on selling natural gas to third-parties in Panama. The expertise we have gained in the Dominican Republic and Panama has positioned us well in Vietnam where we have signed an MOU to build a similar LNG regasification and storage facility. This facility would have an annual storage capacity of 300 tera Btus and provide much needed natural gas to serve a rapidly growing market. Although in the early stages we will provide updates as this project progresses. Now onto new technologies on Slide 14. We are a leader in deploying new technologies such as battery-based energy storage, drone applications and digital customer interfaces. These initiatives have already allowed us to reduce O&M costs, improve customer experiences and deliver innovative solutions to the market. As one example, we are already saving $10 million annually through drone applications alone. By expanding our use of digital technologies, we expect to further reduce O&M and back-office costs by an additional tens of millions of dollars. Year-to-date, Fluence, our energy storage joint venture with Siemens, has been awarded more than 250 megawatts of new projects. Fluence has now delivered or been awarded 75 projects in 16 countries with a total capacity of 701 megawatts. Furthermore, as you might have seen, last month we pointed Sanjeev Addala for the newly created position of Chief Information Digital Officer. Sanjeev comes from GE Renewable Energy where he served as Chief Digital Officer. We've already done a lot of work to prepare for digitalization, including the strategic investment in Simple Energy earlier this year. Simple Energy is the leading provider of utility branded online energy efficiency marketplaces and customer engagement software in the U.S. Finally after 6 years as CFO, Tom will be stepping into a new role to help us secure greater amounts of third-party financing through innovative means. Tom has played a key role in our growth in U.S. renewables, and considering the size of our pipeline and the importance of sourcing capital effectively, I have asked him to take on this new role. We plan to address this effort in more detail when it's further along but would note that we view it as the next step in our partnership strategy which has already raised approximately $3 billion and proved returns on our invested capital. Tom will be succeeded by Gustavo Pimenta, who many of you have met over the years; for the past nine months he has served as Deputy CFO, and before that as CFO of several of our Latin American operations, including the publicly-listed companies of Eletropaulo and AES Tietê [ph] in Brazil. The financial discipline and rigor that Tom and I have embedded in our capital allocation framework will of course continue unabated with this transition. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom to discuss our financial results, capital allocation, guidance and expectations in more detail.
Tom O'Flynn: Thank you, Andrés. The past 6 years as CFO have been rewarding time and I'm truly proud of the Company's transformation. The business is significantly derisked and on an attractive growth path. I'm also pleased that I've helped lead our growth in renewables and I look forward to my new challenge where I will be focused on raising third-party capital to systematically and cost effectively help finance this growth. Now I'd like to cover our third quarter results, improving credit profile and capital allocation. As shown on Slide 16, EPS was $0.35 for the quarter reflecting higher contributions from South America and U.S. in utilities, a lower quarterly tax rate and debt paid down [indiscernible]. Offsetting these were the sales of our coal plants in the Philippines and Kazakhstan. Turning to Slide 17; adjusted PTC during the quarter was $327 million, an increase of $89 million. I'll cover our results in more detail over the next four slides beginning on Slide 18. In the U.S. utilities SBU higher PTC was primarily driven by our generation of [indiscernible] which came in from a long-term agreement in May. Since then AES has benefited from the facilities location by selling energy in the constrained region of the California market. These plants are being repowered under a long-term contract starting in 2020. Regarding our regulated utilities, the Indiana commission concluded IPLs rate case last week, the ruling was consistent with the prior settlement agreement, and also our expectations. This constructive outcome together with DPLs rate case in September leave our U.S. utilities well positioned for the future rate based investment in T&D infrastructure. IPL has grown it's rate base considerably over the last few years and looking forward, there is still potential for growth in the mid-single digits. At DPL where the focus has been on restructuring the business, we could see growth in the high single digits. The captured portion of this potential growth DPL will be filing it's smart grid investment plan by year end. In South America, PTC improved on the strength of record high quarterly results at AES Gener driven by higher contracted sales, prior year plant outage and lower interest expense. Our results also reflect higher contract price in Colombia, as well as higher tariffs in Argentina following the 2017 reset. In MCAC, lower PTC was largely driven by an event at our Andres [ph] plant in the Dominican Republic. In early September, a lightning strike caused major damage to the plant forcing offline for about three weeks. The local team has performed admirably and we expect to get the plant back up to roughly 75% load within the week. Further measures are underway to return the plant to full capacity by the first quarter. Including reserves for property damage taken in our captive insurance business, the total impact of the third quarter was about $0.03 which backed this to be the bulk of the overall impact and the plant is fully insured. Filing new raiser [ph], our results primarily reflect the sale of our businesses in the Philippines and Kazakhstan. Based in part and our strong year-to-date results we are reaffirming our guidance for 2018. Relative to fourth quarter 2017, this year's fourth quarter will be impacted by a higher expected tax rate compared to only 18% last year, as well as an unplanned outage at our Warrior Run plant that have just been completed. Regardless, we feel very confident with our guidance for the year. Turning to our improving credit profile beginning on Slide 22; the third quarter of '16 we established a goal of rich investment grade. At that time we had $5 billion parent debt and a debt-to-EBITDA coverage ratio of 4.9 times. Since then we've reduced debt by almost $1.2 billion, and we expect to end this year with a ratio of 4.3 times. Our goal is to achieve investment grade metrics of below 4 times next year which positions us well to achieve an investment grade rating by 2020. As shown on Slide 23, we're now rated BB plus by all three agencies, just one notch for investment grade. We believe these credit improvements are helping us not only to reduce our cost and debt and improve our financial flexibility but also to enhance our equity valuation. Now the 2018 parent capital allocation of Slide 24. Beginning on the left hand side, sources reflect $2 billion of total available discretionary cash, including $600 million to $675 million of parent free cash flow. Sources also reflect $1.3 billion in net asset sale proceeds which includes close sales in the Philippines and Brazil in the recently announced sell-down of sPower's operating portfolio. Another use is on the right hand side; including the 8.3% dividend increase we announced in December will be returning $345 million to shareholders this year. We've used over a $1 billion to reduce parent debt including revolver drawings, and we plan to invest $300 million in our subsidiaries, primarily for projects under construction leaving about $100 million of unallocated cash. Finally, moving to our capital allocation from 2018 through 2020 beginning on Slide 25. We continue to expect our portfolio to generate $4.2 billion discretionary cash which is more than 40% of our current market cap. About half of our discretionary cash is expected to be generated from parent free cash flow, the rest comes from our $2 billion asset sale target, $1.3 billion of which is completed or announced. Now to the uses of this discretionary cash on Slide 26. A quarter of this cash has been allocated to the current dividend of $0.52 per share. As you know, our annualized dividend growth rate has been 9% for the last three years. Looking forward, we expect the dividend to grow in line with the industry average and remain important part of our value proposition. We review our dividend annually worth our Board in December. Back to the slide, $1.7 billion is allocated to debt reduction, 70% which is completed. We're also planning to fund $950 million of our equity investments in our backlog in projected PPAs. Once completed all these projects will contribute to our growth through 2020 and beyond. Remaining $600 million of unallocated cash which is largely weighted to 2019 and 2020 is available to create additional shareholder value including investment and subsidiaries and dividend growth. With that, I'll now turn it back to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. We are delivering on all of our financial and strategic objectives. We have grown our backlog of projects to 5.7 gigawatts of which 1.9 gigawatts are long-term renewable contracts signed this year. We are successfully commercializing our excess LNG storage capacity. We are on-track to achieve investment grade metrics by 2019 and ratings by 2020. Our portfolio will be generating $4.2 billion in discretionary cash from 2018 through 2020 which we will redeploy consistent with our disciplined capital allocation framework. Finally, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our 2018 guidance and our 8% to 10% average annual growth in adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow through 2020. Operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Now that we have nine months of the year behind us, just one quarter to go, and given the kind of year-over-year growth you've already reported through the nine months; is it fair to say the higher tax rate notwithstanding that we are probably trending right now above the midpoint of the full year guidance because you should have the $0.10 band and we only have one quarter to go, just wondering if you could narrow that down a bit given that nine months is already behind us?
Tom O'Flynn : As usual, I think we'd prefer to stay away from range within the range. I think we're very comfortable with the range. As I pointed out, remember the businesses are performing well. We've had a couple of headwinds, the most notable of which is the DR that we've recovered well in that, and that's only $0.03. I did point out the unusually low tax rate in Q4 of last year, so on a year-over-year basis that will normalize but I think it's better just to leave it there, we're very comfortable with our range.
Ali Agha: And then my second question; the 24% sell down at sPower, can you also tell us how much net income goes away with that sell down? And related with that Tom, as part of your new role; is that the kind of activity we should see going forward as you're funding your renewable growth that -- as projects come online likely sell down the minority stake and then refund; I mean, is that the philosophy here?
Tom O'Flynn : In terms of the net income that goes away, I think it's a modest amount and it was still looking forward with our trajectory obviously for '18 and another 8% to 10% still 2020. In terms of my new role, it's -- over the last few years we've certainly have worked on partnerships, as Andrés said of over $3 billion; that is the type of investor and the type of transaction that we'd like to do on a more systematic basis. Provided doing it one-by-one we'd like to think about doing it with a variety of investors and with capital that could be available with good foresight let's say.
Ali Agha: Andrés, as you look at slightly longer term outlook for the company, what is the visibility that you're seeing right now to sustain your growth rate beyond 2020? As you mentioned, the larger projects are going to be less important but renewables are going to pick up; so what's your line of sight or visibility for your growth rate as we look beyond 2020?
Andrés Gluski: We feel very good about our longer term growth prospects. As you know, a number of our projects are coming online in 2020 -- between now and 2020. So for example, Southland [ph] being a notable case. We also have a lot of renewables projects that will be coming online. So we feel good about it, we feel that the green blend and extend, for example, in the case of AES Gener is extending those contracts. And so we see that we will continue to grow well and we will provide more guidance in the fourth quarter -- on our fourth quarter call we will provide a longer term guidance. But as we've been saying for some time, we expect a continued good growth past 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Actually, maybe let me kick it off right there. Tom, we'd love to hear a little bit more about the innovative capital raising effort that you're heading off here to lead. I mean obviously, you all have spearheaded a lot of perhaps less than intuitive opportunities to sell down in different ways; what is this latest effort -- how different is the latest effort from the minority sales that you've done traditionally?
Tom O'Flynn : I think it's systematically quite consistent. As Andres said, I think it's really the next step for the company and also, obviously another step, another challenge for me. But we've done a large number of partnerships, some were strategic but a number of them have been with large financials. And we want to capitalize on that and as I said do it in a more systematic basis and also have capital more available as opposed to say just in time or one by one. But we'd look to tap into a variety of investors, many of who manage billions -- hundreds of billion dollars of investments, would have a competitive cost of capital, and are very interested in long-term contracted assets which is obviously what we're about -- I'd say this is not any of our numbers for AES, this would all be upside to AES. I think as Ali asked, the Ullico transaction is quite indicative, thematically they would look to do it on a larger scale and with a variety of investors. I would say we're not focused -- at least I will not be focused on public market alternatives. But it's really -- the things I've done in terms of working in the industry, in terms of working with partners, and also more recently for the last year too have been very focused on our green growth. I think I'm excited about it; I'd say -- and I think we've gotten some questions, this is not about me slowing down, I think -- some of you know I tried that about seven or eight years ago and it was -- my wife told me that was a failed experiment. And even then I had a little league baseball team to coach that was successful but now the only baseball team I could coach would be a fraternity softball team that would be kind of awkward. For me it's a new challenge, it could be quite interesting and it could be quite beneficial for AES.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Maybe to follow-up on the financing front; I know you alluded to rolling things forward next year but you also alluded to growing the dividend more of -- I think your term as an industry average. Why is that the case; how are you thinking about financing the growth in the balance between earnings growth and dividend -- ongoing dividend and dividend growth at this point?
Andrés Gluski: As I said, we will review the dividend with the board in December, and I think -- we have -- depending on the time period you take, we've been growing the dividend over the last, say five years, it's like 27%; almost more than 9% in the last four years. So we're saying that we will expect it to grow it, more in line with the industry average. In terms of finding the capital, as Tom mentioned, this new initiative would be upside. And one of the things that we've been able to do is really transform this company into a company much more based I'd say on renewables and leading technologies; and we've been able to do that in part by using third-party capital to grow. So we feel that in the space going forward economies of scale are very important, and we really want to be a low cost constructor/developer. And that we have $4.2 billion of discretionary cash available from 2018 to 2020 but this would be additional to that. I would also say that in terms of sort of our guidance for the next couple of years, we feel very good about that and we also feel that just to give you an example, it is resilient to -- for example, any likely outcome in Bulgaria but we feel good about our guidance and we have upside from finding more third-party capital like we've done, very successfully. We also have upside I would say regarding commercializing more of the LNG storage capacity, we feel very good that -- I had been saying for a lot of calls saying that we had this excess capacity, we've planned to commercialize it. Well, in the Dominican Republic we'd pretty much use that capacity. Now that doesn't mean we can't do more, I mean we could do everything from differently logistics to parking FSU, to even building a second tank if the demand continues to grow.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Actually since you're bringing it up, I'd be curious just if you can more clearly define how much -- what is the EPS upside from the LNG updates today to be very clear? And also, if you can clarify the FX -- I know you're shorting the Argentine peso on '20; how much of a benefit is that versus what you initially targeted in your 8 to 10 for the FX swing that we've seen in the year-to-date period?
Andrés Gluski: On the year-to-date you're right that we're -- there are a lot of things going on with the Argentine peso; I mean there was some tax assets which caused -- we had to book a loss in the prior quarter on a regular ongoing basis because we have a big back-office operations there, we are slightly -- I would say, short the Argentine peso, so it's not a major issue going forward. Now having said that, the Argentine peso has appreciated of recent and the situation has stabilized, and -- when I talk to a lot of you, I said really the key leading indicator was to look at the agreement with the IMF. So it's in place, it's being executed well; so we see the regulatory developments there as positive in addition to that. So in terms of the upsides, I don't want to go any further than what I've said in the past that we have approximately an upside for -- AES Panama would be about $60 million on an ongoing basis, if we're able to utilize all of that storage capacity as we have in the case of the Dominican Republic. And as I said prior with Total [ph], we're already making progress on selling gas to third-parties and as any contracts are signed or made concrete we will let you know.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski: Can you provide us with an update what is the asset sales target right now? Maybe you have a view on what's the targeted number of countries that you're going to be exposed to? And also in a pie chart with allocation of excess funds, you talk about some potential incremental debt pay down; if you can explain what that's for and then what's roughly the use of the remaining cash?
Andrés Gluski: Let me take the first part, then I'll pass it over to Tom to talk about the cash allocation. What we had announced was a program of around $2 billion. We've already completed $1.3 billion and we haven't -- the big chunk which was the sale of Eletropaulo and [indiscernible] in the Philippines we've received; there is some money coming in from the 24% sell down of sPower to Ullico. So that leaves about $700 million left to complete the program. That can be done in several ways, I mean that can be selling out to some countries or businesses or selling down. As you know, we don't talk about it until it's concrete because it -- we feel that that is most appropriate with our people. And as you know, we've -- in some of the countries like, say The Netherlands, we've exited our big asset there, we just have energy storage left in The Netherlands, so we continue to simplify our portfolio. So I'll pass it to Tom to talk about the potential pay down of additional debt.
Tom O'Flynn : So the $450 million on Slide 26 maybe about 40% of that would be without asset sales, i.e. just to continue to get our metrics down from 4.3 to under 4 and hit our investment grade target objectives. The other 60% be related to asset sales; that amount varies depending upon how cash rich the earnings are or the equity is from the asset sales but we'll call it $250 million, $300 million would be there as a placeholder for asset sales. As you know, we don't really comment on asset sale candidates until it's fully cooked and we're at the point of -- at or very close to announcement.
Angie Storozynski: And just one follow-up; you continue to expect the rich investment grade metrics by the end of 2019. Can you tell us if you have the discussions of credit agencies that give you a sense when those potential upgrades would happen, would we really have to wait until 2020?
Tom O'Flynn : We've obviously been discussing this with the agencies for the last two or three years. Our parent cash flow numbers are very consistent, when we have meetings -- when we talk about what we said we're going to do, what we've done it's very straightforward story. I think the agencies have on-time in general, maybe they can always be a little quicker but in general, they have appreciated our credit moves and our forward-looking commitment that comes from -- obviously, the finance team from Andres and from the Board. So our target here is to hit the numbers next year and we think there may be some seasoning, obviously if we can season faster, we'll make that case and try to see whether we can get the actual upgrades sooner. But I think from a planning standpoint, we think it's reasonable to hit numbers next year and have a little bit of seasoning and get the letters in 2020.
Andrés Gluski: I would like to add that there is not only the numerical aspect but the qualitative aspect. And so now that we're over 80% contracted in dollars, as our contract length increase, as we complete the construction projects, as we go more into renewables -- and in addition, we've already significantly reduced our commodity exposure, we've reduced our weather exposure as well, for example, with the gas coming online in Panama that decreases our weather exposure by 50%. So if you look at it, it's not only quantitative but it's really qualitatively where we're at, and we feel that that's an important component in our discussions with the rating agencies and why we feel confident with some appropriate seasoning, we're on-track to become investment grade.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolf Research.
Steve Fleishman: Do you have any information on the pricing of the sPower sell down you can provide us?
Andrés Gluski: I think it hasn't closed Steve, so we will not be talking more and more in detail about that at this point. What I could say is that like all our sell downs, it helped us increase our return, our invested capital which is part of the purpose of what we've been doing, we sell down and obviously to people who have a lower cost of capital than we do, and we provide the development and the economies of scale.
Steve Fleishman: Just maybe some color as we think about the renewable backlog growth. The 13% return that you're now earning on the operating asset you've bought; is that a rough kind of target for what you kind of see coming through the growth backlog or how should we think about that aspect?
Andrés Gluski: I think we have just separated by market and by product type; so yes, I think that's -- from the U.S., that's an appropriate range that you're giving. We would expect to make more outside the U.S., we expect to make more where it's part of the green blend and extend product. So we're finding ways to increase our returns and we think they're very competitive, we're working very hard to reduce the costs on these projects, by scale and by synergies with existing assets. So green blend and extend, plus our local platforms, plus what we've already achieved in the U.S., plus continued use of third-party capital; so all these things we expect to continue to be in the range as we've given or we've achieved today.
Steve Fleishman: And then maybe just any sense on the timing of more clarity on the new -- kind of more structured third-party venture that Tom you're leading; when we might have more color on that?
Tom O'Flynn : It will probably be in the next year to be honest. How we're doing, obviously, we're trying to ramp things up, we also need to be mindful just -- in which forms we talk about things but it will probably be in the -- let's say Q2 of next year.
Steve Fleishman: And then lastly, you threw out this DNM [ph] LNG project which sounds very large. Could you just give us maybe a little more color on that project and when it -- what you need to do to make it officially kind of part of your backlog?
Andrés Gluski: I mean, right now it's preliminary, we've signed an MOU, I mean it was part of the President Trump's visit to Vietnam, it was one of the marquee projects which were signed, it's a joint venture with Petro Vietnam; so right there we have a partner to start-off with. This is just the LNG storage and regasification, actually it would satisfy existing demand a lot of it, so unlike our prior projects it would be much more utilized and say just off the get-go because it's replacing offshore gas which they've used to-date and it's running out; so it's bringing LNG to substitute that. This would be a project that -- if it goes along, and again, it's preliminary, would come online probably something like 2023. And there are other power blocks associated with that, we don't have an MOU or anything signed or any associated power blocs with it but it's obvious that we've been successful in bringing gas to Central America, bringing gas to the Caribbean, it would be a natural add-on. And as you know, we have a bigger platform company in Vietnam already operating very successfully.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Turnure with JP Morgan.
Christopher Turnure: You touched on a couple of items in your prepared remarks but I was wondering if you can give us a sense as to kind of performance in 2018 so far from existing assets, and what might not repeat in 2019; that lightning strike I think was one of them. But I'm particularly interested in Southland and the ramped up performance of that [ph]?
Andrés Gluski: You've touched on I'd think two items. I mean that certainly, Southland, it was a capacity constraint and we were able to dispatch profitably from that plant. I think that the case of the lightning strike was also very much unexpected and is a very odd circumstance, the way it happened. But those I'd say were the most two, I'd say in general our operational performance has been good this year. So other than some lumpiness in the tax rates, I don't expect any significant differences for next year; hopefully, no lightning strikes in this case but perhaps we had a little bit of the offset in the case of Southland. I don't know Tom, if you want to add anything.
Tom O'Flynn : No, I think that's fair. I think once again, relative to some prior years, we're explaining some things with hydrology and other things. I think the businesses are performing very much on target.
Christopher Turnure: And then, I don't know if I missed this in one of the earlier responses but -- Tom, you indicated that the dividend growth rate was something that you wanted to be in line with the industry average. Can you give us a bit more color on that? And if the payout ratio is something that you're considering here as well, and if so, how you define that?
Tom O'Flynn : I think I'll let you be the judge of industry average which you can look at people who are generally from the utility industry is what we think is a reasonable group. So it will be less than nine but still a good number and still a good return when you combine dividend growth with earnings growth. In general, we have used about half of our parent free cash flow for the dividend, we don't have a defined payout ratio but in general, our wallet -- the affordability of the dividend is determined by long-term sustainable parent free cash flow, and that's been generally around the 50% range, that's -- I think that's a more meaningful number than earnings growth.
Christopher Turnure: And given the investment kind of horizon that you have right now versus kind of where you've been for the past couple of years, is it fair to say that you have competitive usage of that capital that you maybe didn't have before?
Tom O'Flynn : Generally I think -- we think dividend growth is a meaningful part of our value proposition as I said. But certainly as we look at over a backlog, the 2 gigs of renewable sign is here, we think 2.5 and 3 over the next couple of years is very reasonable given our run rate. So we think that is generally about $300 million to $400 million of AES equity when you back out leverage, U.S. and tax equity, some partnerships, generally but $300 million to $400 million. So we think, yes, as our parent free cash flow grows up to the end of this 2020 horizon we're at 800 or over, we think we have the ability with some modest dividend growth and to invest in our businesses.
Andrés Gluski: Chris, I'd also add in sort of the longer time horizon; we'll also be doing less than pay down once we reach investment grade. So more of the credit improvements will come from the growth in our cash flow rather than that pay down. We've done the heavy lifting, I mean if you look at that chart, you know have well over $1.2 billion that we've already done in terms of debt pay down this year; so we'll have more cash available for other things.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lasan Johong with Auvila Research Consulting.
Lasan Johong: I [indiscernible] but it sounds like AES is going to be exiting the coal-fired generation business, at least new construction going forward; am I taking too much of a conclusion here?
Andrés Gluski: What I would say is the following that -- certainly, we've been reducing our coal-fired generation as a proportion of our fleet, we're retiring about -- retired or sold over 3 gigawatts this year, I should probably go about this year. So certainly we're building over 2 gigawatts to 3 gigawatts going forwards of renewables a year, so that is going to switch. We're going to release our report next week, and we can be discussing that more with you. So the way this is coming is that -- it's really our renewables are growing, and we're selling or shutting down on economical coal; so this is a natural transition and we will achieve our goals basically really just following good business principles. I would say furthermore that we have to complete the coal plant in India, OPGC 2, and that will very likely be the very last coal plant that AES built. The company has done -- I think had a remarkable transition because if you go back say 10 years, that was really sort of our strongest core competency; so now it's renewables, new technologies and combining, quite frankly, existing thermal or hydro capacity with the renewables. I mean one of things I think people don't talk about enough is the need for capacity and not just energy, and so what we're doing is really by green blend and extend is a way of combining capacity with energy.
Lasan Johong: I know at least a couple of years ago, AES was pursuing [indiscernible] in Vietnam; is it safe to say that that is no longer going to be the case going forward?
Andrés Gluski: Yes.
Lasan Johong: Can you layout for us what the global opportunities sat for LNG and renewables that AES is pursuing going forward?
Andrés Gluski: I think it's a little bit hard, I mean -- I think the way I look at this is right now what's an addressable universe for us. So I think the 7 gigawatt of green blend and extend in the three markets we mentioned, that's -- to some extent sort of proprietary to us, that's existing contracts where we can add renewable energy and get a longer contract from that. I mean, in many of those cases as we can provide new renewable power cheaper than the variable cost of -- for example, burning coal on those units; but we still have the capacity contract for the coal, so we combine capacity with cheaper renewable energy. So that's -- that could be quite -- that could be larger as you have more renewable penetration in other markets. I would add that most of these aren't -- really aren't dependent on subsidies, it's just really the cost of new renewable power versus the variable cost of existing thermal power in some of these markets. Now regarding LNG, that's a fuel that's -- especially with the shale gas revolution in the U.S., you're going to have long-term low prices from the U.S., and you have sufficient liquefaction capacity. So, for example, if you look at the Dominican Republic, the costs for the country of importing U.S. LNG versus burning diesel and heavy fuel oil is saving the country about $500 million a year. It's also reducing carbon output by 4 million tons a year; so that could be replicated in the Dominican Republic. Now in the case of Vietnam, they are running out of gas, they need the gas; so this is very much a needed project and obviously, there is a great interest. So I think that as you see, we have a robust pipeline; one of things Tom will be pursuing is ways that we can leverage our own capital to do more of these projects and increase our return on our invested capital. So there is ample opportunities now. I would also say that we're not pursuing all for growth sake, if we don't see the returns we're not going to make the investments.
Lasan Johong: Just following on that LNG issue; it seems to me that it's rational for AES to go up the food chain, meaning, do a liquefaction facility. I understand there is land near Southland that AES owns, any chance of putting a liquefaction facility there?
Andrés Gluski: That is not part of our plans. We don't see that as our core competency, there is a lot of liquefaction available. Furthermore, we do have the strategic relationship with Total, and Total can provide our final customers with structured projects -- products that we cannot; so it's been very successful thus far and we look forward to doing that more but there are no plans to go up the food chain.
Lasan Johong: Once you get your investment grade rating it could be argued that financing projects at the corporate level versus doing bankers free [ph] amount of subsidiary it's going to be lower cost to AES and the shareholders. A) Do you see it that way? B) Ami I kind of dreaming this up or it's just a process that -- yes, it will eventually up?
Andrés Gluski: It's interesting. I think that train left the station a long time ago; I think we're going to stick with our process to have the businesses, the projects stand on their own, and AES will provide equity. I think that's the way the house is built and I don't see it being rebuilt.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, all. Our IR team is available for any follow-up questions. In next week we look forward to seeing many of you at the EI Conference in San Francisco. Thanks again, and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrés Gluski - President, Chief Executive Officer Tom O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Steve Fleishman - Wolf Research Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Consulting
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the AES Corporation's, Second Quarter 2018 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning and welcome to AES' Second Quarter 2018 Financial Review Call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at www.aes.com. Today we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our second quarter 2018 financial review call. Second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.25 puts us at $0.52 for the first half of 2018, which is 24% higher than the $0.42 we earned in the first half of 2017. We will remain on track to hit our 2018 guidance and longer term expectations. Tom will discuss our results in more detail shortly.  I’m pleased to report that the positive momentum of the last quarter continues. During the quarter we achieved a number of milestones towards improving our risk profile and shareholder returns. Specifically, our credit ratings were recently upgraded by Fitch and Moody's and we are now rated just one notch below investment grade by all three agencies. We expect to achieve investment grade metrics by 2019 and ratings by 2020.  We brought online the 671 megawatt Eagle Valley Combined Cycle Gas Plant in Indiana in April and we will be inaugurating the 380 megawatt CCGT and LNG regasification terminal Colon in Panama later this month. Of the remaining 3.9 gigawatts currently under construction, we expect 2 gigawatts to be commission between now and year end.  We made significant progress in advancing our growth pipeline. Year-to-date we have signed nearly 1.5 gigawatts of renewable PPAs, which brings our backlog of capacity addition, including projects under construction to 5.7 gigawatts. At our utilities in the U.S., IPL and DPL we settled two rate cases. Once approved, these widely supported settlements will position both utilities for future investments. We're on track to deliver $100 million in sustainable cost savings in 2018 as a result of our restructuring and transformation program. We received $310 million in net proceeds from the sale of our interest in Eletropaulo in Brazil, reducing our regulatory risk and simplifying our financial statements.  Lastly, we continue to be a leader in applying new technologies including energy storage. Our JV with Siemens, Fluence tied 80 megawatts of new projects in three countries bringing its total to 16 and IPL’s rate case settlement included one of the first rate based battery storage projects in the world.  I will now provide more details on some of these achievements beginning on slide four. Of our 4.3 gigawatts currently under construction, nearly half are expected to come online in 2018. Since our last call we have made significant progress on these projects, which I will highlight on the following few slides starting with a 380 megawatt Combined Cycle Plant in Panama on slide five.  I'm pleased to report that the regasification terminal is complete and that it has accepted the first shipment of LNG in Central American history. We expect that the entry of low cost U.S. LNG will transform the Central American energy sector, much as it has in the Dominican Republic. Construction of the combined cycle power plant is nearly complete and we expect to achieve COD in September, on-time and on-budget. The project will provide long term and predictable U.S. dollar denominated returns. The storage tank is expected to be completed in 2019. Approximately 48 of the 70 tera Btus of storage capacity is uncontracted and represents potential upside as natural gas use increases over time in the region.  Now turning to our 1.3 gigawatt, Southland Combined Cycle Plant, which is a redevelopment of our existing gas facilities in Southern California. Construction is proceeding as planned, with the project now 40% complete and on track to be operational by the first half of 2020.  Next in Hawaii, we're delivering two solar-plus storage facilities for a total of 47 megawatts of solar and 34 megawatts of five hour duration energy storage on the Island of Kaua'i. The first of these pioneering projects is under construction and will satisfy energy demand during peak hours, as well as the rest of the day.  The second for the U.S. Navy is expected to begin construction later this year. Once both of these projects are completed, they will represent the largest solar-plus storage installation in the world.  Finally, we're making good progress at our 1.3 gigawatt Thermal Plant OPGC 2 in India. Construction is advancing as planned. The project is now 96% complete and we expect the plant to come online by the end of this year on budget.  As you may recall, AES Gener successfully restructured the Alto Maipo hydroelectric project in Chile in May. Since closing the restructuring, the main contractor Strabag is performing in line with the revised EPC contract and has been meeting the agreed upon construction milestones. Alto Maipo is now 68% complete, including 56% of the tunneling work and the rate of progress on tunneling has significantly improved as of late. We expect Alto Maipo to achieve commercial operations in 2020. Our remaining construction projects are renewable energy. These projects are proceeding as planned and will be key contributors to our earnings and cash flow growth for 2020.  Now turning to slide 10. We have been reshaping our portfolio to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders, while lowering risks, including reducing our carbon footprint. Our focus is on increasing the share of natural gas and renewable projects with long term U.S. dollar denominated contracts. We're earning attractive returns on our equity investments by utilizing our existing platforms, global scale, lower cost capital partners and non-recourse financing.  On a portfolio basis, our investments are projected to produce low to mid-teens IRRs on average assuming conservative terminal values. We expect our projects in Latin America to earn returns better than the portfolio average.  As you can see on slide 11, so far this year we signed 1.5 gigawatts of long term PPA's for renewable projects and now expect to exceed our internal projection of 2 gigawatts for the full year 2018. Year-to-date, sPower has signed long term PPAs for 1.2 gigawatts with large credit worthy C&I customers such as Microsoft and Apple as well as utilities. This is more than double the 500 megawatts annually assigned PPAs that we expected to achieve when we acquired sPower last year.  In light of our progress this year, we are on pace to assign 2 gigawatts to 3 gigawatts of new PPAs annually for 2019 and 2020. This would result in 7.5 gigawatts of new renewable PPAs being signed through 2020, all of which would be online by 2022.  To summarize, as shown on slide 12, we expect to add 11.8 gigawatts of new capacity through 2022. This includes 5.7 gigawatts of projects under construction, plus 9 PPAs which we referred to as our backlog, as well as 6 gigawatts of additional PPA's we expect to sign through 2020. Most of the capital needed for these projects will be funded by non-recourse financing and partner equity. Our equity requirements for these projects will be funded from our internally generated cash. Tom will discuss our capital allocation plan through 2020 shortly.  As I had noted, our goal is to earn attractive returns while greening our portfolio. As you can see a slide 13, renewables make up 75% of the 11.8 gigawatts of new capacity additions. The remainder is conventional generation, all of which is currently under construction and expected to come online through 2020.  This growth will significantly extend our average contract life from eight years currently to 10 years by 2020 and help us achieve our goal of reducing our carbon intensity by 25%. We are also working on enhancing some of our current contracts by blending and extended existing PPAs, by adding renewable energy. We call this approach green blend and extend and we will provide more color on future calls.  I would like to emphasize that we do not plan to grow simply for the sake of adding megawatts. We will invest in new projects if and only if we can earn attractive risk adjusted returns. Finally turning to slide 14, we continue to be a leader in applying new technologies such as battery based, energy storage, since our last call of Fluence, our joint venture with Siemens, have signed contracts when additional 80 megawatts and delivered eight projects with a total capacity of 55 megawatts. Fluence has now delivered a total capacity of 271 megawatt. Total deliveries will exceed 550 megawatt in 16 countries once their existing backlog is installed.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom to discuss our financial results, capital allocation and guidance in more detail. 
Tom O'Flynn : Thank Andrés. Good morning. I'll cover our second quarter results, improving credit profile and capital allocation. We continue to make good progress towards our full year adjusted EPS guidance of $1.15 to $1.25 with $0.52 earned year-to-date.  As shown on slide 16, EPS was $0.25 in the second quarter, reflecting high contributions from South America and MCAC, as well as debt pay down at the parent. Offsetting this was the sales of our coal plants in the Philippines and Kazakhstan. Our results also reflect $0.02 from a quarterly tax rate of 36% which is a timing issue as, we continue to expect a full year tax rate in the 32% to 34% range.  Onto slide 17, adjusted PTC during the quarter was $255 million, an increase of $13 million. I’ll cover our results in more detail over the next four slides beginning on slide ‘18. In the U.S. and Utilities operations were generally in line with the prior year. PTC was down a part due to the timing of a planned outage in Hawaii which occurred in second quarter this year versus the first quarter of last year.  Regarding sPower the business has outperformed our expectations since we acquired it, both from an operational and development perspective. Since the acquisition, sPower has distributed about $100 million in cash to the parent or roughly a quarter of our original investment. The business also continues to have good access to capital markets, having just closed a $500 million portfolio refinancing with a 14 year average life and a 5% coupon.  Back to our second quarter PTC, in South America improved results reflect higher contract pricing in Columbia, as well as higher contracted sales and lower interest expense at AES Gener in Chile. In MCAC higher PTC was largely driven by the Dominican Republic due to the completion of the Combined Cycle last year, as well as improved availability. Finally in Eurasia, our results primarily reflect the sale of our business in the Philippines and Kazakhstan. Shifting to our year-to-date results on slide 22, adjusted EPS increased $0.10 to $0.52, which represents 43% at the midpoint of our full year guidance versus 39% achieved year-to-date 2017. Our results reflect higher contributions from U.S. and Utilities, including higher regulated rates and lower maintenance expenses of DPL.  In South America contracted sales were up in Chile, Colombia and Argentina and we also benefit from lower parent debt. These impacts were partially offset by the asset sales in Eurasia.  Turning to our improving credit profile beginning on slide 23, in the third quarter of 2016 we established a goal of reaching investment grade. At that time we had $5 billion in parent debt and leverage of 4.9x. We expect to end this year with $3.8 billion in debt and leverage 4.3x. Our goal is to achieve investment grade metrics of below 4x by 2019.  As shown on slide 24, the rating agencies are recognizing our commitment and actions. As of third quarter 2016, we rated BB- and BB. Today after recent upgrades by Fitch and Moody's we are rated BB+ by all three agencies just one notch below investment grade. We continue to believe that obtaining investment grade rating will help us not only to reduce our cost of debt and improve our financial flexibility, but also enhance our equity valuation.  Now to 2018 current capital allocations on slide 25, which is in line with our prior disclosure. Beginning on the left hand side, sources reflect $1.9 billion of total available discretionary cash, including $600 million to $675 million of parent free cash flow. Sources also reflect $1.2 billion in net asset sale proceeds from Masinloc in the Philippines and Eletropaulo in Brazil.  Now to uses on the right hand side of the slide. Including the 8.3% dividend increase we announced in December, we’ll be returning $345 million to shareholders this year. We've used over $1 billion to reduce parent debt, including revolver drawings. We plan to invest $300 million in our subsidiaries, primarily for projects under construction, leaving about $40 million of unallocated cash.  Finally moving to our capital allocation from 2018 to 2020 beginning on slide 26, we continue to expect our portfolio to generate $4.2 billion in discretionary cash, which is roughly half of our current market cap. But half our discretionary cash is expected to be generated from parent free cash flow. The rest comes from our $2 billion asset sales target, $1.2 billion which we have achieved to-date.  Turning to uses for this discretionary cash on slide 27, roughly two-thirds has been allocated towards current dividend and delevering. Earlier Andrés laid out 11.8 gigawatts of additions, 60% of which is coming online in 2020. Our equity needs for this capacity are manageable as we bring in partners and use non-recourse financing.  Specifically we're planning to fund $800 million for our equity investments in our backlog and project PPAs coming online through 2020. This is only $50 million more than our expectations on our last call. This quarter we are also showing $150 million for our equity investments in projected PPAs coming on line in 2021. Once completed, all these projects will contribute to our growth through 2020 and beyond.  The remaining $600 million of unallocated cash which is largely weighted to 2019 and 2020 is available to create additional shareholder value, including investments in subsidiaries and dividend growth. As you know, our annualized dividend growth rate is 9% over the last three years and 27% over the last four. Although, we don't plan to continue growing the dividend at such an exceptional rate, we expect dividend growth to remain an important part of our value proposition. We review our dividend annually with our Board in December.  With that, I'll turn it back to Andrés. 
Andrés Gluski : Thanks Tom. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. Our performance year-to-date puts us on track to achieve our 2018 guidance. We are well positioned to achieve investment grade credit metrics in 2019. Our 5.7 gigawatt backlog of long term contracted projects will enable us to achieve our key objectives of profitable growth and greening the portfolio.  We expect to generate substantial amounts of discretionary cash from 2018 through 2020, which we will deploy consistent with our capital allocation framework and we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our 8% to 10% average annual growth in adjusted EPS and parent free cash flow through 2020.  Operator, we are ready to take your questions. 
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead. 
Ali Agha : Thank you, good morning. 
Andrés Gluski: Good morning Ali. 
Ali Agha : Good morning. My first question, you didn't bring this up on your remarks. If you could give us an update on where things stand with Maritza and Bulgaria, and more I think to the point as you've said to us before, I think that we should be expecting something to change there on the contract eventually, either a buyout or restructuring.  And my question is, when you sort of model the different scenarios with what could play out with Maritza eventually, how that does that impact that 8% to 10% profile of earnings growth you’ve laid out ‘18 through ’20. Does it change it in any way? Is that already factored in? How should we be thinking about that, that's my first question? 
Andrés Gluski: Sure, well we aren't in any formal negotiations yet with the government. As I’ve said in the past, an issue was raised with the European Commission regarding illegal state aid. It hasn't been declared as such, but you know both sides are expected to begin negotiations sometime in the future. As I’ve said, we have a very strong contract. We're being paid on time. Bulgaria is an investment grade country; it's growing and the situation of our uptick or NEK continues to improve. So really you know it's very too early to say when this will come out. And as I said you know, we have a good contract and we will defend our interests. The plant is needed in Bulgaria, so you know we will keep you informed of this in terms of sort of how this would affect our future.  You know we do have contingencies in our numbers and we have to see where this turns out. There are a range of outcomes and we don’t have a satisfactory outcome. Obviously arbitration is a possibility. So sort of stay tuned. There will be more information as it’s happening. We really don't have much more to report than we did on the prior call. 
Ali Agha : Okay. Second question, you laid out some of the new projects, PPAs backlog that will likely come online beyond 2020, 2021 and 2022, etcetera. So in that context, I wanted to get a sense of what your visibility is for your growth profile beyond 2020 as you start factoring these projects in, and is the growth rate that you laid out for us through 20 sustainable going forward. Do you have line of sight? Can you give us some sense of how the profile would look like beyond 2020? 
Andrés Gluski: Well Ali, we will update you on that after are – on our fourth quarter call. I think what we are showing here is that we do have a very robust pipeline of projects, and that as we continue to growth the renewable pipeline as to develop competitive advantages of scale and of combinations of technology, I expect this pipeline to continue. So I can't really give you any specific number, but I think that as time passes, I think you're seeing the robustness of the pipeline, the many opportunities that we have and that you know how fast we grow will depend on making sure that we have attractive returns on that growth.  I would add that you know besides just megawatts, we have other projects such as the LNG and it's not only the regasification terminal that we should be inaugurating within 10 days officially in Panama, but we also have the eastern gas pipeline in the Dominican Republic. So we have some businesses which are growing in addition to just the megawatts. 
Ali Agha : Last question, more near term. You alluded to the fact that the tax rate impact in the quarter has been more of a timing issue should come down in the second half. But if you looked at the overall earnings that you have reported and generated though the first half, that you said it’s up 24% year-over-year, how does that compare to your own internal budget in the context of the full year when we look at the adjusted earnings that have come through, through the first half? 
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think as you know Tom and I said, I mean we're on track to hit our numbers and sometimes tax rates can be a little bit lumpy for us, because it depends on where the earnings came from specifically. So we really – I wouldn't read too much into a sort of a one quarter tax rate and you know we really planned for the year. 
Tom O’Flynn: Yeah, and Ali its Tom. We pointed out that last year our earnings will shape the same. We tend to have third quarter and fourth quarter are historically strong for us. So this is consistent with where we started the year. 
Ali Agha : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So going back to the growth at sPower, I remember that when you get acquired the business, I think the assumption was that there would be about 500 megawatt of growth per year. Now it seems you are significantly exceeding that rate, yet you are keeping your earnings growth projections unchanged through 2020. Why is that? Is it just because the growth is more towards 2021 and beyond and hence there isn’t a positive earnings, you know providing upside to your growth rate till 2020. 
Tom O’Flynn: Well, you know I think, thinking of sort of our growth rate, I would make some mentions. You know one is sPower obviously it’s a big contributor. We are also doing very well in our distributed energy business, it’s smaller, but it's also a big contributor to this.  Overall about 50% of our renewables growth is wind more less, 50% is solar, 50% is U.S., 50% is outside, so we have a very robust wide portfolio. So you know I think that you know again, we’ll talk about our longer term projections. But as you mentioned, there is – we’re a portfolio, we have a number of things going on, so you know we feel uncomfortable about hitting our numbers for this year and we feel comfortable with our guidance to 2020 of 8% to 10% growth. 
Angie Storozynski: Okay, now you mentioned that the incremental growth would be financed with internally generated cash flows, but the thing we all seem stories about you potentially divesting a share of some of your operating assets. I'm talking about the contracted renewables. Could you talk about that? 
Tom O’Flynn: Yeah Angie, it’s Tom. Yeah, we have mentioned in the past that we, after closing sPower we did get some inbounds on buying some piece of operating assets. We continue to see if that's a an opportunity. That would be something that would fit into our asset sale piece, the 1.2 versus $2 billion, so the $800 million to go. We'll see and continue to think about those opportunities in conjunction with our partner income.  But those are really sell downs of partial pieces of operating assets. Obviously the front side of the business, the growth development side, we want to keep that driving forward as it is, and if we did things like that, that’s probably we’ll continue to be the operator, owner-operator-manager, which is also adding value as they are now. By year end they’ll be self-operating in the solar, about 85% of their facilities, which is adding some incremental margin on the upside. 
Andrés Gluski: Yeah NGOs, so to put this in context you know, we will be on looking for opportunity to leverage our equity, by bringing in lower cost capital partners. So you know whether that be a partial sell down in different assets, that allows us to use our equity towards higher returns us, for example development and then putting into operation plants and then once they are up and operating if we can get lower cost capital, then that's what we will do.  So you know over the last years we've raised quite a lot of capital by selling assets, and let's say reinvesting some of that capital in higher return projects. So this is you know right on our strategy, so expect more of that. 
Angie Storozynski: And lastly, I know you’ve said actually twice already that you will be providing us with updates on growth beyond 2020 only on the fourth quarter call. But during this this year's fourth quarter call you didn't roll forward your earnings to 2021 as you had historically provided. You know we have this concern us among investors about your contract and that you are rolling off and providing a potential earnings clash. So could you at least give us a sense directionally if 2021 would be an apt year versus 2020 based on what you see currently? 
Andrés Gluski: You know, as I see that really when we don't have any cliffs in 2021, actually we have a lot of assets coming online in 2020. So you know I would just say that the momentum, you know 2021 should be a good year, because that's when all these assets will be online and you know that includes things like the energy storage, 400 megawatt hours of energy storage coming online in Southland.  In terms of cliff, we really you know – the only – we have contracts falling off at AES Gener in 2023 and that's only half of the contracts. So Gener is you know pretty much fully contracted through 2023, so know we don't see a cliff in 2021. 
Angie Storozynski: Okay, thank you. 
Andrés Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning.
A - Andrés Gluski: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, thank you for the time. I wanted to follow up a little bit on Angie’s direction for questioning. Can you elaborate a little bit on the equity investments that you intend to make in the renewable segment just to make sure we're clear about this.  I think I heard you say for instance in ‘21 that you're going to put about $150 million in that specific project here. (A) Is that a good cadence of the capital, and (B) historically we think about maybe low to mid-teens returns on these kinds investment. Is that basically to say that perhaps that’s equal to $0.02 to $0.03 of earnings accretion based off of that investment or is it maybe a little bit lower than that just given the return profile of contracted sellers. 
A - Tom O’Flynn: Hey Julien, it’s Tom. So on my slide 27, the $150 million, this is projected – obviously it depends upon capital structure, partnership things and also location of projects, but we had $150 million that could be invested in 2020 for projects to go COD in ’21; that's roughly half of the amount of say ‘21 COD projects.  So in terms of cadence if you just think about the layers, cadence is probably 300 in total renewables, probably about $300 million, maybe $350 million a year, something like that, which if you look back at our history, I think at least the last five years, that’s generally about our equity investment in projects. It's been about 300 to 400 per year and so this would be very consistent. Obviously less lumpy in things like Colon or other things of that nature and more going to more smaller investments in renewables in the U.S. and obviously in our key markets.  In terms of returns, I think generally in the U.S. we're seeing low double digits and internationally depending upon where we are, we see low to mid-teens. So we expect those to be accretive as we move along and we would factor that into our guidance updates for 2021 and beyond. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Let me be clear about this, just a little clear. So you know basically the thought process is 300 to 350 a year in cadence and you're saying low double digits. Is that an IRR or is that an ROE in the current year? i.e., should we take say the mid-point of that, say 300 to 400, 350; put say a low teens ROE on that to kind of get a sense for what the earnings contribution is, say about a nickel or so. 
Tom O’Flynn: Those are fair for ROE’s and probably if I was going to use the cadence, I’d use 300 to 400 and those are reasonable for ROE’s. Some of them are a little bit – it depends on the region. Some of them are a little more near term ROE beneficial and some are a little more sloped. But as a portfolio those IR’s are pretty reflected in those ROE’s. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And this is – and to be further clear about this and distinguished, on slide 50 you talked about global renewables with a total equity investment of 136. How does that compare, just to make sure we're not double counting here and thinking about this separately? 
Ali Agha: I’m sorry, which slide again?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Slide 50 talks about global renewables. That's a separate investment bucket for equity contributions than the…
Ali Agha: So these are the projects in construction. So I think so as Tom mentioned you known on an annual basis we are talking about $300 million to $400 million of equity investments moving forward. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: This is a slightly different cut of that, right? $300 million to $400 million and then right now you've got $136 million actively invested, but this is the 136… [Cross Talk]
Andrés Gluski: … Cash power they’ve signed 1.2 and all our numbers are AC year-to-date, so most of those projects have not yet started construction. They will shortly like the big Microsoft-Apple project and Virginia will start construction next quarter, so it's not right. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So 136 is a small factor of the total equity.
A - Andrés Gluski: It’s a small piece yeah, because it just has the stuff that's already gone NPP, it’s already construction. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And sorry, just sort of another one there just to clarify. The source of the success from the solar, I mean I know you have a list of projects thus far. But if you were to define as power sort of MO in the store space, is this principally [inaudible] contacts. I mean where are we basically orienting themselves for opportunity?
A - Tom O’Flynn: I’d say sPower is right at probably 60 – on new business is shifting towards 50-50 wind and solar. They are probably right now about 60% solar, 40% wind, but they are shifting. When we closed on the acquisition, they were about 85% solar. They were making the shift, they are very client focused. So folks like Microsoft and Apple are obviously great clients, so we’d look to do additional business with those and other clients like that. We do still do some utility transactions and you know some other large utility type players such as a couple of CCA's in California. Our smaller DE business tends to be more program focused, so they look at a state program and then build that on a state program, we are doing a lot of that right now in Massachusetts. Hawaii project, as Andrés mentioned, the two solar storage projects is opportunities for the EP business in Hawaii. So they can be more regional focused. 
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, and Julien don't forget that 50% of this is outside the U.S. and they were mainly C&I customers, you know investment grade, dollar contract, long term dollar contracts. So it’s a mix of things, and again to the extent that we can bring in partner equity or sell down, you know that also improves our returns. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great, excellent! Thank you very much. 
A - Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Julien. 
Operator: The next questions comes from Christopher Turnure of JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Turnure : Great, good morning. Andrés you mentioned in your prepared remarks briefly that you continue to be I guess hopeful for new LNG projects, but I was hoping you could give us more color there on either the existing Panama or Dominican Republic contracts. The types of customers you might be talking to, duration and when we might have an update their?
Andrés Gluski: Okay. Well, I think that you know first of all what we're doing in Panama is replicating what we've done successfully in the Dominican Republic. So in the Dominican Republic we have the very nice business of selling to industrials and transportation LNG at our facility. So we have those capabilities built into the Panama project already.  Now it will take some time for the Panama Central American market to develop. Now we have a strategic alliance with ENGIE to market our gas from these two facilities and they can create products for clients, for example, that are offset some of the risks of having – you know competing with diesel or competing with heavy fuel oil for clients to sign up for long term gas contract.  So in Panama what we are saying is basically the 22 tera Btus will be used by the plant, our plant coming online. There are more plants in the area that could be converted and would require the construction of some gas pipelines. We are fully capable of you know again, discharging from the LNG from that plant as well. So that’s a market that’s going to take some time to develop as it has in the Dominican Republic.  Now, in the Dominican Republic we have a very significant growth with the building of the Eastern gas pipeline that's about 12 tera Btus and the offtakers Barrick. So again, investment-grade, offtakers for its mines and it's basically converting its generation at those mines to gas. There is also potential for you know transportation in that area. So once that eastern gas pipelines is built, there is a lot of other potential diesel plants and heavy fuel plants and transportation that could be converted.  So it’s taking a successful business case from the Dominican Republic replicating it in Central America. So the Panamanian market is very attractive, but you know we could also use it as a hub to deliver gas into other Central American countries, such as Honduras.
Christopher Turnure : Okay, great. And then just remind me, how much if any capacity is left in the Dominican Republic right now? Is it a percentage of I guess the total capacity?
Andrés Gluski: I would say in this Dominican Republic we probably have another 15 tera Btus, 20 tera Btus to go, because that’s a 80 tera But tank, so that would be the world about 60. So it gives an idea of how we can fill it up. Now again, it's very attractive to do tolling and which is what we do without taking any commodity risk on these projects. You know longer term we have mentioned in the past we have a potential very large similar project in Vietnam. So that would be more sort of a 2023 project. 
Christopher Turnure : Okay, and then switching gears, could you give us more color on your decision to sell the Chilean transmission assets and pay off debt down there. Kind of anything specific about those assets that made the time appropriate to sell here? 
Andrés Gluski: Well you know AES Gener is doing sort of a restructuring program of its asset, and so it’s sold a gas peaking plant and it solid the transmission assets we think for you know attractive prices, and it’s used those proceeds to pay down debt.  So it’s you know similar, let’s say to what AES has done and in terms of we’ve sold assets that we think are more valuable to others and non-core assets and taken those funds and used the delver the company, so it’s very similar. 
Christopher Turnure : Okay. Makes sense. Thanks Andrés.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolf Research. Please go ahead. 
Steve Fleishman: Yeah, good morning. A couple of quick questions; first any risks you are needing to manage from the tariff trade war issues. 
Andrés Gluski: Okay, you’re talking about the tariffs on solar panels?
Steve Fleishman: And more broadly. 
Tom O’Flynn: More broadly. And more broadly -- no quite frankly we're not much affected if at all. I would say a first the biggest one year you could mention sort of NAFTA negotiations in Mexico. Remember that our strategy has been to contract long term dollars with private sector. So you know we're really not seeing any effect in any of our markets directly. If you're talking about solar panels in the U. S., both sPower and our distributed energy you know have sufficient panels on contract and on attractive terms for ‘18 and ’19. So we're well positioned and quite frankly some of the uncertainty favor I think the bigger players such as us.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, good, and then just in terms of – so it sounds like the kind of accelerated renewables investment is already embedded in your 8% to 10% growth rate for 2020, that’s correct. 
Andrés Gluski: That’s correct. 
Steve Fleishman: Okay, and could you be to agree that it’s still the same number and that’s additive to the growth. Could you be a little bit more clear on what areas maybe are a little less than before or you kind of higher within the range?
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think again we’re within our range. I would say you know this is on our strategy of greening our portfolio. Remember we’ll also be selling down some assets, you know as we’ve been doing so you have the give and take.  But basically the way I think about this, the overall arching theme here is really derisking. So in derisking we're going towards a you know more longer term contracts, more dollar contracts, less construction risks, because they are more individual small projects rather than large projects and you know we obviously have a contingency in our numbers and so you know stay updated, but basically this is very positive news.  I think that if you notice, the chart we put up for the returns on renewables in the U.S. increased and we had a 10% average IRA up to 11 you know and we think we’ll continue to make progress there. So you know overall I think the news is very good and the way to think about is it our portfolio continues to be less risky you know and then the portfolio in the past and it’s you know in line with an investment grade company. 
Steve Fleishman: Okay, and then just maybe lastly, since sPower is still relatively newer to the company, can you just maybe give a little more color on kind of the process from – I think you said it’s done better than you expected, operationally. I assume financially as well, so far is that true?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, I mean the answer is yes. I mean again we are quite conservative on our terminal values on our growth prospects. So when we bought it, if you recall, on our earnings call we were talking about 500 megawatts of year of signed PPAs and obviously we've done better. You know at the same time you know we were hitting our return criteria and finding ways to improve that. So I would say overall it’s a good start 
Steve Fleishman: Any expansion of the growth is more, because you are just seeing a lot more opportunities at your returns than you initially expected. Is that…
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think a better way to phrase it Steve might be that we were conservative. You know we were hoping for this. But on the other hand we were conservative and saying you know what is a you know P95 and that’s what we were talking about, so you know we're very pleased with it.  You know we are also very pleased with our distributed energy unit. It’s doing you know probably three to four times the business we had originally anticipated when we bought that business. So you know, this in generally we've been conservative and likewise we’re also being very conservative about terminal values when we calculate our returns. 
Steve Fleishman: And then one last question, just in the U.S. on the solar projects I assume you booked IPCs upon startup and then when did you address PPC's for the 10 year, and just thinking about the way the earnings layout of the two segments?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah Steve, generally we are not – we are using tax equity. We expect to continue to use tax equity for the next couple years, but from an earnings standpoint PPC dos come through via tax equity to our earnings and then ITC does help buy a tax equity in the initial couple of years for solar.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you.
Operator: The next questions comes Lasan Johong of Auvila Research Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Lasan Johong : Thank you. Great call. I love the clarity, so I appreciate it, thank you very much. But I got a few questions (A) Andrés, the pipeline business in Dominican Republic, is that going to be a – is that one a one off project or is this something that you guys want to delve into more deeply on a more broader basis. 
Andrés Gluski: We had one pipeline in the Dominican Republic, going from Andres to out DTP facility. So this would be you know getting us to a larger market, because it’s not only within Santo Domingo, it's going to the east where there is a....
Lasan Johong : No, I understand that, but – I apologize for interrupting. I understand that, but is pipeline going to be another investment vehicle going forward or is this going to be on a one off basis depending on the need for a particular project. 
Andrés Gluski: Basically you know I would say we're not getting into the pipeline business. I mean if a pipeline is needed for example in Panama to a specific demand, maybe like there's a couple plants within say a 10 mile radius, then we will we will build it, but it’s very much tied to the facility. So we're not going to build a separate pipelines that aren't sort of helping us realize the value, you know the value that our storage and reclassification has. So it will be very linked to that. We're not getting into the pipeline business otherwise.
Lasan Johong : Great! On the investment grade rating, once you change investment grade rating, it kind of frees up a lot of issues that were kind of handcuffs if you will in past transactions. So is it possible at that point to bring some businesses up to the current level. Say for example DPL and IPL could be at the parent levels to insure for example that the interest expense reductions are not limited at the parent level, something like that or are there any other structural changes you would make with the changes in the investment grade rating. 
Tom O’Flynn: Yeah, it’s Tom I don’t think we’ll change our basic philosophy of having our subsidiaries, be it standalone, nonrecourse entity. As you know most of those entities are investment grade rated or investment grade structures in the event of not going to investment grade countries. DPL has recently become investment grade. So I don’t think we’ll change – and the changes you said would not help us from a – structural change, like that would not help us from the US tax perspective. But in general we feel the shift to investment grade we think will help – when we primarily focused on it for our equity valuation, I don’t think it’s going to change. There are a lot of things that we cannot do today, but we will able to do. I feel quite comfortable with our financial flexibility as we stand today and the best part is [inaudible] support and demonstration of approving this profile. 
Lasan Johong : Well Tom, at some point the cash flows are going to be kind of overwhelming, as you are not be able to use the money to pay down debt. So what’s the kind of the longer term plans for that massive excessive cash flow coming? 
Andrés Gluski: I think we’ll use our capital allocation framework and we’ll keep you updated and we’ll have to see. But I think again, what Tom was saying, we've been able I think to do a number of very good sale of assets, of non-core assets and part of that is that you know we really had the financial flexibility to wait until the timing was right and get the right deal going forward. So becoming investment grade is I think will give us even greater financial flexibility and make us more robust for any changes in capital markets. 
Lasan Johong : Yeah, but what are you going to do with all this cash flow coming at you in the next – hopefully in the next three or four years? Well, you can’t use that money to pay down debt. There’s not going to be enough debt left to pay down, so what’s the plans for that excess cash?
Andrés Gluski: We’ll keep you updated when that happens. 
Lasan Johong : Okay, last question, AES has gone through an incredible amount of transformation since 2000. I’ve been following you since 1998. What does AES look like in five years? I have a pretty good understanding of the picture now, because of today's call, but I just want to get it straight from you guys. Are you guys shifting more and more towards renewables and kind of laying back on conventional generation. Is that kind of the idea of where you are talking about? 
Andrés Gluski: Well definitely as I said you know, we're reducing risk and part of that is greening the portfolio. We think that’s part of our risk reduction program. That's also quite frankly in some markets where the demand is. You know if you want to get new PPAs in the U.S. market and its heavily weighted towards renewables.  Now we do see a transition. We do think that having the existing conventional assets gives us an advantage, because you know renewables are energy, but they are really not capacity. So the two ways to get to capacity is you can either put in battery and that's great because you can sell a lot of batteries, but that you're talking about hundreds of billions of dollars globally would have to be invested.  And in the transition you can use your existing plant, be it hydro, gas or coal and actually some of the green blend of extent we're seeing has very interesting possibilities, which is a combination of you know low cost energy from renewables [inaudible] combined with the capacity of the coal plant for example in some markets or gas plants. So, you know what do I think of the next five years? Well, we’ll be leading that transition in many markets. We’ll continue to be leading in the new technologies, whether it be combining solar storage or quite frankly combining the solar with conventional as well. We hope to be a leader in the market as well. 
Lasan Johong : Thanks a lot. I'd just like to add one more question. In Vietnam you said you know it’s difficult to replicate the Colon type projects. Does that mean that you would also look into the potential of exporting gas from Vietnam to say Cambodia and Thailand?
Andrés Gluski: In this case I mean mostly it’ll be total length, so it would be a very big facility and that would be – there are several trenches of combined cycle gas plants that go with that. So you know at this stage you know I think that yeah that the possibility exists. You know we have a MOU signed with Petro Vietnam and it would have to be really what their policy is at that point. So that’s ways off as I said. That would be more like a 2023 project. 
Lasan Johong : Thank you. Great call! 
Andrés Gluski: Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks. 
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you and have a nice day! 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - VP, IR Andrés Weilert - President, CEO & Director  Thomas O'Flynn - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gregory Gordon - Evercore ISI Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Consulting Charles Fishman - Morningstar Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The AES Corporation's First Quarter 2018 Financial Review Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Austin. Good morning, and welcome to AES' First Quarter 2018 Financial Review Call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Weilert: Thank you, Ahmed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2018 financial review call. Since our last call, we have made significant progress on a number of fronts. We delivered first quarter adjusted EPS of $0.28 and remain confident in our full year outlook. We continue to transform the company, simplifying and streamlining our businesses, reducing costs and improving our overall risk profile. Since our last call, AES Gener has significantly derisked the Alto Maipo hydro project in Chile by signing a new fixed-price construction contract. We implemented the $100 million annual cost reduction program that we announced on our last call. We closed the sales of 2 gigawatts of merchant generation, including 1 gigawatt of coal-fired capacity in the Philippines, and allocated $1 billion to reduce our parent debt, which was rewarded by the rating agencies.  We also advanced our profitable growth projects, including signing long-term U.S. dollar-denominated PPAs for more than 800 megawatts of renewable projects and signing a major long-term contract to provide storage and transportation capacity from our LNG terminal in the Dominican Republic. Finally, we're excited about being a leader in applying new technologies to reduce our operating costs and deliver innovative solutions to our customers.  With these advancements and trends, I am very optimistic about the future of the company. I will now discuss these in more detail. Beginning with Alto Maipo on Slide 4. AES Gener entered into a new contract with Strabag, the principal contractor, and is securing additional funding from project lenders and Strabag for its Alto Maipo hydroelectric project in Chile. The new contract is fixed-price and lump sum, transfers all geological risk to Strabag and provides a date certain for completion, with very strong performance and completion guarantees. The restructuring agreements with Strabag and the lenders have been signed and are expected to close this week.  AES Gener, our subsidiary in which we own 67%, will be committing up to $200 million, which will be contributed to the project on a 50-50 basis upon meeting milestones along with additional nonrecourse debt. AES Gener will also commit to contribute up to another $200 million near the completion of the project in 2020, which can be used either to pay down project debt or fund any remaining project costs. On an ownership-adjusted basis, AES' maximum additional exposure will be up to $270 million. I would like to point out that all of AES Gener's Alto Maipo commitment will be funded entirely from its own cash flow and that the maximum amounts have already been factored into our cash flow forecast. By executing a fixed-price contract with a firm completion date, AES Gener has significantly reduced the risk associated with Alto Maipo. When completed in 2020, the Las Lajas, Alfalfal and Alto Maipo complex will give AES Gener 802 megawatts of hydroelectric capacity near the country's load center in Santiago and will significantly diversify AES Gener's generation mix in Chile, reducing its coal weighting from 72% to 64%.  Turning to Slide 5. To improve AES' competitiveness and achieve our goal of $100 million of additional annual cost savings, we restructured our strategic business units and reduced our global workforce by 12%, including eliminating 30% of management positions. This leaner, simpler corporate structure will improve our agility, and the related cost savings will strengthen our ability to deliver on our long-term financial commitments.  Turning to Slide 6. As you know, our success in asset sales has allowed us to meaningfully derisk our portfolio while, at the same time, unlocking value. A good example is the recent sale of our Masinloc business in the Philippines, which we closed at an attractive P/E multiple of 20. With this sale, we reduced our exposure to merchant coal and also exited the Philippines. Today, approximately 90% of our earnings are from just 8 countries.  Next, beginning on Slide 7, I will provide you with an update on our profitable growth initiatives, starting with our projects under construction. Last month, our 671-megawatt Eagle Valley combined-cycle plant in Indiana became operational. With Eagle Valley, we have replaced nearly half of IPL's coal-fired generation with cleaner and more efficient natural gas.  Now turning to our 1.3-gigawatt Southland combined-cycle project on Slide 8, which is a redevelopment of our existing gas generation in Southern California. Construction is proceeding as planned and is on track to be operational by the first half of 2020.  Turning now to Slide 9 and our 380-megawatt Colón combined-cycle project in Panama. In April, we achieved first synchronization and completed the steam blow of one unit. The project is on track, and we project the commissioning of the plant early in the second half of this year. As you may remember, we're also building an LNG regasification and storage facility on the same site. The regasification facility is complete and will receive Panama's first LNG shipment this month. We will utilize a floating storage unit until the storage tank is completed next year. LNG is going to play an important role in Panama as it does today in the Dominican Republic. I will discuss our overall LNG strategy shortly.  Finally, turning to Slide 10. In Hawaii, we're delivering 2 solar-plus-storage facilities for a total of 47 megawatts of solar and 34 megawatts of 5-hour-duration energy storage on the island of Kaua'i. The first of these pioneering projects is under construction and will satisfy energy demand during peak hours as well as the rest of the day. Once both of these projects are completed, they will represent the largest solar-plus-storage installation in the world.  Our remaining construction projects are proceeding as planned, including our 1.3-gigawatt thermal plant, OPGC 2, in India. These projects under construction will be key contributors to our earnings and cash flow growth through 2020. Now on to Slide 11. We have been reshaping our portfolio to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders while reducing our carbon exposure. Our focus is on natural gas and renewable projects with long-term U.S. dollar-denominated contracts. On a blended basis, these investments are projected to produce low to mid-teen IRRs, assuming conservative terminal values.  For example, the renewable investments we made in 2017 are earning a weighted average 10% after-tax return in the U.S. and more than 16% in Brazil and Mexico. Looking forward, we expect to earn low double-digit returns in the U.S. as we focus on new development at sPower and AES Distributed Energy.  These compelling returns are driven by several factors, including, using our business platforms and global scale to lower costs such as PV panel and wind turbine purchases; utilizing local debt capacity in the businesses to fund these investments; bringing in partners to reduce our equity commitments while providing management and development fees; and about half of our investments are in markets with lower renewable penetration and faster electricity demand growth than the U.S.  Turning to Slide 12. Year-to-date, we have achieved significant milestones on the 838 megawatts of renewable projects in our development pipeline. Specifically in the U.S., sPower signed long-term PPAs for a total of 618 megawatts of solar and wind, and AES Distributed Energy signed long-term PPAs for 120 megawatts of solar. This capacity will come online between 2018 and 2020.  In Argentina, the government has implemented profound reforms to improve the long-term sustainability of the power sector. Electricity tariffs have been raised and are now denominated in U.S. dollars. The government also established a public bidding process for 25 gigawatts of additional capacity through 2025. As part of this process, AES Argentina agreed to acquire a 100-megawatt wind development project, which has a 20-year U.S. dollar-denominated PPA. The project will be funded 100% by AES Argentina.  In summary, as you can see on Slide 13, we will be adding 6.6 gigawatts of new capacity by 2020, which is the equivalent of 20% of our current installed capacity. Of the new capacity being added, 5 gigawatts are projects either under construction or recently acquired. The remaining 1.6 gigawatts are projects in advanced-stage development, 80% of which are under signed contracts. These additions will help us to significantly extend our average contract life, which Tom will discuss shortly.  Next, I'd like to discuss the opportunities to expand our LNG business in Central America and the Caribbean on Slide 14. We see ourselves as well positioned to take advantage of the growth of low-cost U.S. LNG exports due to our existing platforms, market knowledge and marketing partnership with ENGIE. As you may know, we own the only 2 LNG storage terminals in the Caribbean with reexport capability. We have annual storage capacity of 150 tera Btus, only half of which is contracted. Our remaining capacity is available to meet customer demand in the region, which has the potential to grow sixfold to 800 tera Btus per year.  As we discussed on our last call, in the Dominican Republic, we will build another gas pipeline to connect our LNG terminal with the East, where there is significant demand from generators and transportation. To that end, yesterday, we signed a long-term gas supply contract with an anchor client. We expect to earn attractive returns on the sale of our excess LNG capacity as it does not require any new investment. The Eastern pipeline will not require any cash from corp either as it will be funded locally.  We're also excited about our leadership in applying new technologies, such as drones and digitalization, to reduce operating costs and deliver innovative solution to our customers. Our most mature example is lithium-ion-based energy storage on Slide 15. Fluence, our recently launched joint venture with Siemens, has contracts that will double its current installed capacity from 259 megawatts to 514 megawatts, and they're pursuing an additional 2.5 gigawatts of sales opportunity.  Turning to Slide 16. AES has made a modest strategic investment in Simple Energy. Simple Energy has a digital platform that serves 29 utilities in the U.S., including IPL and DPL, with access to over 35 million end customers. Simple Energy's digital platform allows utilities to accelerate energy efficiency and demand response programs while improving customer experience.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom to discuss our financial results, capital allocation, guidance and expectations in more detail.
Thomas O'Flynn: Thanks, Andrés. Good morning. Today, I'll review our first quarter results, improving credit profile and capital allocation. We started 2018 well, with higher contributions from all of our SBUs. As shown on Slide 18, adjusted EPS was $0.28 for the first quarter, putting us on track to achieve our full year guidance of $1.15 to $1.25. Much of our growth in the quarter was driven by higher margins in the U.S. and South America, reflecting higher regulated pricing and lower maintenance costs. We also benefited from a lower tax rate and debt paydown at the parent.  Now Slide 19. We earned $288 million in adjusted PTC during the first quarter, an increase of $98 million. As part of our cost reduction program, we've streamlined our structure and will be reporting our financial results in 4 segments down from 5. US and Utilities includes the U.S. and Puerto Rico plus the utilities in El Salvador. South America combines our previous Andes and Brazil SBUs and includes Chile, Colombia, Argentina and Brazil. MCAC is comprised of Mexico, Panama and the Dominican Republic. And the Eurasia segment remains unchanged.  Now I'll cover our results in more detail over the next 4 slides, beginning on Slide 20. In the US and Utilities, PTC improved due to lower maintenance costs and higher regulated rates at DPL in Ohio following the resolution of ESP last November. Results also reflect higher availability in Hawaii and lower maintenance expense in Puerto Rico. In South America, improved results reflect higher tariffs in Argentina following market reforms enacted in early 2017 as well as higher contract pricing in Chile and Colombia. This was partially offset by the favorable settlement of a legal dispute at Uruguaiana in Brazil in 2017.  In MCAC, higher PTC was largely driven by Panama, where we've seen a return to more normal hydro conditions. We've also benefited from higher availability and the completion of the combined cycle last year in the Dominican Republic. Finally, in Eurasia, our results primarily reflect higher energy prices in the United Kingdom, offset by the sale of our businesses in Kazakhstan. Over the last few years, we've taken a number of steps to reposition our portfolio towards markets with attractive risk-return profiles. We've also been extending the contract lives of our generation businesses, as seen on Slide 24. We've been reducing volatility by selling assets with merchant exposure and investing in new businesses with long-term contracts and sustainable, competitive positions. This has increased our average remaining contract life to 8 years. Looking forward to 2020, we expect this to increase to 10 years as we bring online the growth projects in our pipeline. It's also important to keep in mind that about 15% of our PTC is from stable regulated T&D or integrated utilities, which are not reflected in this average contract life. Using 30 years as a proxy for regulated businesses would imply a blended average life of about 13 years in 2020.  I'd also note that most of our PPAs are in line with the market so that future recontracting should be at similar prices and margins. One exemption is the Gener in Chile where the average remaining contract term is around 10 years. Contract prices are above market, but we believe that is more than fully reflected in Gener's current stock price. In fact, accounting only for the present value of Gener's PPAs and our hydro assets in Chile and Colombia, we believe the net equity value of Gener is well in excess of its current market cap.  Now to Slide 25 and our improving credit profile. In the first quarter, we made significant progress towards achieving our investment-grade goals. After closing the Masinloc sale, we allocated $1 billion to pay down parent debt. We also refinanced nearly $1 billion of high coupon bonds, with new notes averaging 4.25% for annualized interest savings of $25 million.  As a result, net of transaction costs, we expect to end the year with roughly $3.8 billion of parent debt. This puts us well on our way towards achieving investment-grade metrics in 2019 and ratings by 2020. We believe this will help us to not only reduce our cost of debt and improve our financial flexibility but also enhance our equity valuation.  We're pleased that the commitment to improve our credit profile continues to be recognized by the rating agencies, as shown on Slide 26. In March, S&P upgraded us to BB+, and Moody's revised our outlook to positive. In addition to improvement at the parent, DPL received an upgrade from S&P and is now investment grade. This is a result of our actions to significantly derisk DPL by exiting 3 gigawatts of merchant generation and paying down $1 billion in debt since 2011. Now to 2018 parent capital allocation on Slide 27, which is in line with prior disclosure. Staying on the left-hand side, sources reflect $1.9 billion of total available discretionary cash, including $600 million to $675 million of parent free cash flow. Sources also reflect $1.25 billion in asset sale proceeds, including the $1 billion from Masinloc and a $250 million placeholder for additional asset sales this year. As you may be aware, there are competing tenders right now for Eletropaulo in Brazil, with an auction scheduled for June 4. We're assessing options for our stake, which is currently valued at about $265 million.  Now to uses on the right-hand side of the slide. Including the 8.3% dividend increase we announced in December, we'll be returning $345 million to shareholders this year. We'll use over $1 billion to reduce parent debt, including revolver drawings. And we plan to invest at least $250 million on our subsidiaries, primarily for projects under construction, leaving us with about $100 million of unallocated cash.  Finally, moving to our capital allocation from 2018 through 2020 on Slide 28. We expect our portfolio to generate $4.2 billion in discretionary cash or over half of our current equity market cap. More than half of this has been allocated to the current shareholder dividend and completed debt reduction. About $750 million is allocated to identified investments in our subsidiaries, including projects under construction in late-stage development.  Taking into account the additional $750 million in asset sales, we're factoring in about $450 million in additional parent debt reduction. The remaining $800 million, which is largely weighted to 2019 and 2020, is available to create additional shareholder value.  As Andrés mentioned, we believe we have a strong set of opportunities and expect to continue to invest in some of these in 2019 and '20. As you know, since 2011, we've invested $4.2 billion to reduce our balance sheet, with almost 40% going towards share repurchases. We'll continue to compete new investment opportunities against share buybacks.  Regarding dividend growth, we've grown our dividend at an annualized rate of 9% over the last 3 years and 27% over the last 4. We believe that as our credit ratings continue to improve, we'll achieve better valuation for attractive dividend. We'll evaluate the potential level of dividend growth with our board going forward and will be influenced by the extent to which the dividend is reflected in our share price.  With that, I'll turn it back to Andrés.
Andrés Weilert: Thanks, Tom. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. We have delivered strong results during the quarter and implemented the $100 million cost savings program. We remain on track to achieve investment-grade credit metrics in 2019. We're making progress on our 4 gigawatts of projects under construction. We have continued to transform, simplify and derisk our portfolio while delivering attractive, long-term growth by reshaping our portfolio through selective asset sales; adding profitable investments in renewables, natural gas and LNG with long-term U.S. dollar-denominated contracts; using partnerships, management contracts and our local platforms to improve our returns; and exploiting our leadership in applying new technologies to lower expenses and grow revenues.  We expect to generate substantial amounts of discretionary cash from 2018 through 2020, which we'll deploy consistent with our capital allocation framework. And we are therefore reaffirming our full year 2018 guidance and 8% to 10% growth rate target through 2020.  With that, we will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Andrés, first question, coming back to Alto Maipo. Can you tell us now, when you look at this project and the increased equity investment going in, how should we look at the returns for this project for AES? And what does it do for sort of your overall merchant exposure, if you will, in that market? And how did you look at this decision versus the abandonment decision, which I know was one of the things you had been looking at in terms of deciding what to do with Alto Maipo?
Andrés Weilert: Sure, great question. I would say the first is that we have to look at this project in the light of AES Gener. So I think what's very important about this project is that it diversifies AES Gener from being very reliant on, say, coal generation to have a more diversified mix. As you know, there's a $5 a ton carbon tax in Chile, and having Alto Maipo will give the Gener a lot of options. And as you can see also that Gener has a very good portfolio of long-term contracts, so this gives us, the company, a lot more flexibility. The second one, thinking of the project itself, we had to really think of the returns on the marginal investments that we would make. So we are -- besides derisking the project, derisking Gener, are achieving reasonable rates of return on these additional investments. And I think also stay tuned because there are also opportunities to improve the returns on Alto Maipo. I would say, first, there is the possibility again of using it to diversify away from coal. There's also the opportunity, and this is very early stage, to apply new technologies, whether it be energy storage, for example, to have the world's first hydro project with energy storage because in Chile, you've had a big buildout of renewables, but you haven't had a big buildout of capacity. So having this capacity near the load center of Santiago, we think, will be very valuable over time.
Ali Agha: And so in the context of looking at the incremental return, in the past, in your slides, you had assumed zero return for Alto Maipo in terms of the equity that has gone in. So for the incremental investment, how should we think about -- is it low single-digit? Or roughly how should we be thinking about that?
Andrés Weilert: Well, look, well, we said that there would be no returns, nothing in our forecast through 2020. So we have assumed, and you will notice that we used the word up to because there's the possibility of having partners come into this project. So we have up to. We have said that there were no returns for the 2020 period, and we have very modest projections going forward from the project. But we do think again that having 800 megawatts of hydro capacity near the load center, thinking of AES Gener and thinking of the whole complex, remember, this is an expansion of an existing facility, which was built in 1985, we'll have better returns. So stay tuned. I think this is an important step to reduce the risk, get dates certain and the -- getting the contractor to step up, put in significant completion guarantees and provide part of the financing.
Ali Agha: Yes. Separately, on the asset sale front, I just wanted to clarify, the Eletropaulo stake, assuming the auction goes, and as you mentioned, it's currently $265 million for you, that would go as part of the asset sale program that you laid out. So in other words, Eletropaulo alone gets you to the $1.25 billion rough target that you have for the year. And related to that, if you do another $750 million on top of that, are you then done, and is your portfolio where you would like it to be? Or are there more opportunities even beyond that extra billion?
Andrés Weilert: Okay, let me take the multipart question. The first, the answer is yes. Eletropaulo would get us to the amounts that we talked about this year. That is $250 million. Then the remaining $750 million that we had identified, well, that could be selldowns. That could be selling out of some businesses. I think we'll continue to optimize our portfolio. So there is no hard limit on this. To the extent that we can get partnerships in places where we could sell down and improve our returns on invested capital, we will do so. So again, we are, I think, in a strong position. All of our businesses are making money and that we have this opportunity going forward. So as you'll note, the numbers that Tom gave are quite conservative in terms of sales and what we can achieve this year.
Ali Agha: Right. Lastly, you didn't mention it this time, so I thought I'd ask. Any updates on Maritza given what you told us last quarter?
Andrés Weilert: Yes. We had identified that in Bulgaria, we were in talks with the Bulgarian government regarding, let's say, the claim of illegal state aid on the PPA of Maritza. I would say those discussions continue underway. I don't think anything will happen in the very short term. They are up-to-date on their payments. We're getting paid regularly. The plant is performing well. The plant is necessary for the Bulgarian system. So it's really a question of, how will we resolve this issue for the -- for a win-win situation for the Bulgarian energy system and us? So stay tuned. And again, the -- I would say we're progressing constructively.
Operator: And our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Can you hear me?
Andrés Weilert: We can hear you loud and clear.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Well, just to follow up on Ali's question just real quickly, just to be perhaps exceptionally clear about the Alto Maipo situation. How does this change your financial forecast at the end of the day versus what you all had talked about last quarter? Because I know some of this had been -- potentially would be partially contemplated. So I just want to be very clear about that, and I got a follow-up.
Andrés Weilert: Okay. The first question, it doesn't change it at all, zero.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, excellent. Just wanted to be very clear about that. And then separately, if I can follow up here. Asset sales, how are you thinking about U.S. versus international and then gas versus coal selldowns? I mean, obviously, there's kind of a repositioning taking place here, but I'd be curious about priorities and opportunities.
Andrés Weilert: Well, I would say that first, we were in 28 markets. We're down to 15. 5 years ago, I said somewhere between 15 and 12 was the optimal number. So again, stay tuned for that. Regarding -- our priority, quite frankly, has been to sell merchant and specialty coal assets. So if you think of the Philippines, you think of some of the DPL, you think of some of the assets we've sold, and that's just basically because as part of our derisking, I mean, we derisk the company from hydrology, we derisk it from a commodity point of view, from a currency point of view. We also think that derisking from a carbon intensity point of view is important for the long term. So of that, that would be really our priority. We can hit both carbon intensity and merchant, like the Philippines, that is ideal. Now regarding selldowns in the states, we have partnerships in the states, and we can sell down to the extent that, one, it improves our returns; and two, it gives us capital to redeploy. As I mentioned in my script, that to the extent we do more development and new projects with sPower, we will improve our average returns. So there's a lower price obviously for spinning assets than there is for developing greenfield projects. So we are focused on increasing our returns on invested capital. We're increasing on -- focused on, I'd say, continued derisking long-term dollar-denominated contracts. So you put that all together, our contract length will increase substantially by the end of this year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And can I follow up just real quickly? I think this may be more of a time question. You talked about the PV of the PPAs as well as the hydro asset in Chile and Colombia being, I think, well in excess of the current value. I just want to be very clear, can you elaborate on that a little bit? And is that net of the -- both the recourse and nonrecourse debt at those subsidiaries?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, Julien, that's fair. That's how we looked at it. We just did an asset -- as we look at it, and we obviously do this on a regular basis, look at the major assets, which is the PPAs. And once again, they're average 10 years, but some of them are much longer. The average life of them is 10 years, including Alto Maipo. But you look at the value of the PPAs plus the value of the hydro at fairly conservative level zone dollar per kilowatt. And you look at the liabilities, which should be all of the debt, and we compare that to the value of the equity, and we think the equity value -- or that the net asset value, if you will, is well in excess of the current equity market cap.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just to be clear, can you elaborate on discount rates or anything? I mean, I'd just be curious by how much you see that delta.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes. Probably want to stay away from the details and maybe some broader discussion, but it's probably better to take place at the higher level, I mean, a little sensitive given the higher -- public level. But it's asset and liabilities both, so it's not as discount rate sensitive as you might think.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right, fair enough. And just lastly, very quickly, the LNG updates, how material is that in terms of your outlook for the Dominican Republic?
Andrés Weilert: Well, we have one gas pipeline from the Andres facility to Los Mina. This would be significantly -- I'd say the potential is significantly larger than that. We cannot disclose the amount in the contract. But I would say that this -- once the pipeline is built to the East, there's significant upside. We have some of the upside of the current contract built in, but there's significant contract -- upside for more. So I think just the important message, I think, here is that we still have about more than 40% of this storage capacity at Andres under -- not utilized. So there's a -- anything to increase the utilization essentially comes to our bottom line. And the same will be true for Panama. We're only going to be -- we're going to be using less than 40% of that tank, and there's -- any additional clients that we put on would just make that project more attractive. So we always use our projections based on our own plant, but we expect additional usage. And in the DR, we have good experience with that. We're already selling 10% to -- not to ourselves but to third parties for transportation and commercial use.
Operator: And our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Gregory Gordon: So looking at Slide 28, it seems fairly straightforward, just the update from Q4. You've just sliced -- there was a bucket of $1.25 billion of unallocated discretionary cash in Q4, which you've now sort of sliced into $450 million, which is essentially targeted for potential debt paydown and $800 million, which is still unallocated versus the $1.25 billion that was unallocated on the Q4 call. What's the math there, that the $450 million is what you need to get to the targeted credit metrics to tip you to investment grade, and then therefore there was $800 million left over? Or is there some other rationale there?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes. Greg, it's Tom. It's very consistent with what we had last time. Last time, I think we had $1.25 billion, and then we had a note to the side with about $400 million of debt -- of potential debt retirements And we just wanted to be more clear and break that into a separate wedge, ergo, the $450 million wedge. But it is looking at, yes, from our own -- from our standpoint, with $1.25 billion of asset sales, including Masinloc and the placeholder, $250 million, we think we just need to do another $100 million or -- $100 million, maybe $200 million debt paydown to get -- to do investment grade fast, to get to investment-grade stats. That said, we're going to sell another $750 million of assets. Depending upon the cash flow of those assets, we're putting a placeholder in for some more debt retirement as a part of use of proceeds from those asset sales. So the $800 million -- so that's an estimate. Obviously, it could change up or down based upon how rich the cash flow is of the assets we're selling, but we wanted to break it out to be more clear.
Gregory Gordon: So the $800 million wedge is the use of that proceeds will flex based on the outcomes in terms of asset sale prices and cash flow, that sort of...
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, but we think that's a good number. I mean, we think -- we believe we'll get to the $2 billion. We're at $1.25 billion now. And I think we've shown a record of hitting our asset sale numbers earlier and with bigger numbers. So we're comfortable we'll get there in the $800 million. That's a big movement in the numbers.
Gregory Gordon: Yes, no doubt. I'm not questioning that at all. I'm -- just sort of almost a rhetorical question that the $800 million -- where the $800 million gets consumed will be a function of the price you get and the cash flow that goes with those assets, correct?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes.
Andrés Weilert: Yes.
Gregory Gordon: Okay. And then my second question is just a cleanup question, too, on Slide 50. I know it's all the way in the back of the deck. But the slide that, that replaced used to have ROE and cash yield targets for the portfolio. Now I'm just wondering, obviously, the Alto Maipo returns are under pressure. But when we look at Colón, OPGC 2 and Southland repowering, are the expected returns on those investments the same as they were in the Q4 deck? Or has something also changed there?
Ahmed Pasha: Yes. Greg, this is Ahmed. Yes, you're right. I think, given that we have already included a slide on return, Slide 11, so we thought, I mean, the returns are pretty much in the same ballpark range. So yes, you don't need to read anything between the lines, but the returns are somewhere close to mid-teens.
Gregory Gordon: Okay, that's actually what I thought. I just wanted to sort of confirm that.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes, yes.
Gregory Gordon: And then my final question for the call anyway is always questions. But you talked about potentially bringing in third-party capital to, I mean, coinvest with you in certain types of projects. Have you seen any interest in coinvesting in things like the Fluence JV or sPower from third parties that would sort of help validate the potential growth -- the growth potential in those businesses and help you free up some of your discretionary cash?
Andrés Weilert: Yes, I'd say that -- let's take the Fluence. We just launched it. Its cash needs are very modest as it gears up together with Siemens. So I mean, at this very first stage, clearly, I think we have to grow that business and really, let's say, get the market share that we're aiming for, which is around 20%, 25% of that market. First, I think it's way too early to think about bringing in third money for a validation here. This is -- it's a different business from the usual. And usually, when we think about partners, it's on more mature businesses. So if there are situations where we can bring in a partner for, say, spinning assets and then take that money and redeploy it at higher returns or bring in a partner and receive a management fee or a development fee, that's it. So Fluence would not be one of those, let's say, in -- certainly in the short term.
Thomas O'Flynn: I think, Greg, regarding sPower, I think we've said maybe on the last call that we have had some incoming inquiries from some financial investors about taking an interest in some of the operating assets or pieces of the operating assets. And those are things that we are pursuing with our partnering co. We'll update you to the extent something specific unfolds, but those would be at valuations that would improve our all-in returns.
Operator: And our next question is from Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure: I wanted to get a little bit better sense on your overall growth plan in the renewables business and get a sense for how much of that you'd expect to come from U.S. or North American contracts versus outside of North America, and within the U.S., maybe you could comment on the market that you're seeing for corporate counterparties versus utilities.
Andrés Weilert: That's a good question. As we said, today, we're sort of half and half in terms of the new projects that we're signing. We do see increasing demand from corporates, and that is one of the most exciting areas for, say, sPower. We're also seeing sort of community solar for distributed energy in the U.S. In the case of outside of the U.S., which is basically Latin America, what we're seeing is more sort of auctions, be it in Argentina or be it in Brazil, for renewable power. We are making significant inroads, say, in Chile with commercial and industrial customer PPAs. So we're seeing this sort of blend and extend in a lot of our markets, and corporates are becoming more important. And I'd say the -- probably the majority of the corporates are looking for renewable energy. So regarding the sort of mix, the pipeline of sPower is quite large. We've talked about 10 gigawatts. And it's very solid, and we're seeing that they're having success on it. So that sort of 50-50 mix may shift a little bit towards the states. But we do have a lot of projects that will be coming online, Brazil, Argentina. We have El Salvador. And there are other markets that are also very interesting. So the key is that we have to get a PPA, which is either dollar denominated or inflation indexed.
Christopher Turnure: Great. And then could you speak a little bit in more detail about the international contracts? Obviously, the returns that you detailed today are pretty good, and you mentioned that you used conservative terminal values there. But when we think about the overall package of risk that you're taking in order to get that return, is it fair to say that you're comfortable there that, whether it's FX or non-U.S. dollar-denominated contracts, capacity factor assumptions, et cetera, are all kind of where you maybe expected them to be or better versus when you entered into this JV and this investment a year plus ago?
Andrés Weilert: Well, again, the projects outside of the U.S. are not with sPower. Those are with our platforms. So I think a key component on the, I think, compelling returns that we're seeing is using our platforms. So you really have the advantage of having everything from a commercial team to a management team to everything in place. Second, you can use local leverage to optimize it, optimize your returns from it, and your local relationships. So for example, in the MCAC bucket, that return is 100% dollar-denominated contracts. The only ones that we have that are nondollar denominated are in Brazil, and those are in reais. Those are indexed to inflation. And the debt is in reais. So we feel very comfortable with this -- with the risk that we're taking on these projects because the debt and the cash flows are in the same currency. They're inflation indexed or they're dollar denominated. So these -- we think these are very, very strong contracts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Just first, what is the date certain on Alto Maipo now?
Andrés Weilert: The date certain, we're talking about 2020.
Steven Fleishman: Yes. Is there a specific date with which we can kind of track it?
Andrés Weilert: Well, here's the thing, with Alto Maipo, there are several, let's say, important milestones. So part of -- this is the -- you have the Las Lajas that's, let's say, lower down in the mountain and would be the first ones to come on. And then you'd have the Volcán, which is the -- say, higher up in the mountain. And so that would come on at somewhat later date. But we'll start earning money as soon as the first sections are completed.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then just how is -- what's the plan at Gener to fund the equity commitment?
Andrés Weilert: Well, Gener has sold some assets. It's strengthened its balance sheet. So Gener has the cash flow to make these investments as required.
Thomas O'Flynn: They've also done a couple of asset sales, Steve. They've, with the asset sales, about $300 million that should close shortly. That's some older fossil plants. They had also said, it's public, that they're assessing the potential sale of some transmission assets. So that will be part of their -- the cash flow that would help them fund this. And also, they continue to pay a strong dividend.
Steven Fleishman: Okay, great. And then on the sPower, its potential selldown, is there kind of a sense on timing of that?
Thomas O'Flynn: There are discussions where -- that are ongoing. So it will be something we'd assess this year.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then just in terms of, Tom, and, I guess, your comments on the end on potential uses of capital. And you talked about the dividend growth you've done and then trying to assess whether you're going to get kind of credit in the stock for it and buybacks and the like. Just is there kind of a time horizon when you will be in a position to have kind of really made that assessment? I -- because I guess you're not really getting to investment grade until 2020, which is still a couple of years away. So is that the time line? Or is it sooner than that? Just how are you going to think about this from a time standpoint?
Andrés Weilert: Steve, well, we just raised the dividend 8.3% this year. And I think we have the strongest track record in terms of growing the dividend. So what we are doing is strengthening our credit. So we're in, we think, a very coherent position of being investment grade or having investment-grade metrics and paying a substantial dividend. So as Tom mentioned, we will review any increase of the dividend at the year-end with our board. But we just made a dividend increase. That's a bit early. Then regarding sort of the use of capital for stock buybacks, we've also said we made very significant stock buybacks of the company. And we will assess those over time if there's a need for any stock buybacks. But I think what's very important, our priority is, first, getting to investment grade. Second, you -- we have some very attractive investment opportunities that we should complete. And I think that in terms of the derisking of our portfolio, it's very important to understand, like we have 777 megawatts of hydro in Panama. With the completion of the combined-cycle gas plant, those hydro assets should be more valuable because you're really going to have a cap on hydro -- on energy prices in years of drought. So it's going to lower the volatility and strengthen the earnings from that. The other thing to realize is that in the Dominican Republic and in Panama, we -- since we have the reexport capabilities, there's some very attractive upside. So we have to take those things into consideration. But I would point out, we have made very substantial stock buybacks in the past, and we just raised our dividend as well.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. I guess my -- I'm just trying to interpret the answer there. So it's something where you're going to give it time because obviously, you've just raised the dividend, and you're not going to kind of change course quickly on that, it would seem.
Andrés Weilert: Yes, that's correct, that's correct.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lasan Johong with Auvila Research Consulting.
Lasan Johong: Tom, kind of hypothetical for you, maybe you may not want to answer this question. But if you -- if AES had $1 billion of unallocated cash, would you rather buy back AES stock or make a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital plus 1% investment?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes. I mean, that's a part of how we look at things. I think we've done both over the past number of years. I think in the near term, going to that slide that shows capital allocation through 2020, that's what you're trying to get to, I think in the near term, we're really focused on improving our credit and getting to investment-grade stats that we think we'll do by next year, and then with some seasoning, get to investment grade, we would expect by 2020. So we think we do have close to $1 billion, let's call it $800 million, to think about, it's really a '19 and '20 level of thought. And we do look at returns on investment opportunities. We do take them in the context of the overall business, not just one-off assets because we do think about things on a platform basis, not on a one-off, you-pump-it-out, asset basis. And we do -- and we will look at that relative to the share purchase, which is what we've done in the past.
Lasan Johong: Okay. Is the reason why -- in the past, AES has always said that if it has an asset that has no future prospects, no growth prospects, you're willing to, just kind of assuming they're spinning off cash, that it's most likely better utilized by others. DPL and IPL would fit that description to a T now that you've -- now that AES has disposable generation and so on and so forth. Is the reason why AES is still sitting on IPL and DPL because it needs it to get to the investment-grade rating? And once you -- once AES obtains the investment-grade rating and finds adequate backstops, would that be a point at which DPL and IPL make an exit from AES' portfolio?
Andrés Weilert: What I'd say is we are doubling the rate base at IPL, and we think that the new investment grade-rated DPL also has significant rate base growth. So a lot of catch-up because a lot of the utilities in the area have been investing a lot in their rate base. And DPL has not been in a situation that it could do that. And so we think -- believe there's catch-up. So no, we think there's attractive growth, risk-adjusted growth in both of those utilities, and we expect them to do quite well.
Lasan Johong: That's great. Last question is, and maybe I'm beating a dead horse here, but is there a way for AES to get to a 15% to 20% compound annual growth rate over the long -- more of a longer term? And what would it take to get there? Is it impossible?
Ahmed Pasha: This is Ahmed. I think we just gave our guidance, so let us deliver on this. We can talk about the rest later. Apologies.
Operator: Our last question for today will be Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research.
Charles Fishman: Andrés, those of us in the utility industry, that follow the utility industry, certainly have the experience in the past year of the Westinghouse situation. And I guess my -- what we learned here is that the value of a guarantee from an EPC contractor is only as good as the checking account at the parent. How deep of a pocket does Strabag have? I mean, or is there a bank performance guarantee behind it? Or what gives you the confidence this is really of its price contract at this point?
Andrés Weilert: That's a great question. I'd say, number one, the guarantee here is from the head office, Strabag, which is an investment-grade company listed in Austria. Second, that the LCs will be bank guarantees. So when we say that there are strong guarantees, these are backed by significant, investment-grade bank LCs. So on both counts, Strabag is a company that's in good shape, and second, that these are your top-notch bank guarantees LCs.
Charles Fishman: Okay. You can see where my question is coming from after the Westinghouse experience.
Andrés Weilert: No, it's a very fair question.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks, Austin, and we thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andrés Gluski - President and Chief Executive Officer Tom O’Flynn - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research Lasan Johong - Auvila
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the AES Corporation’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our fourth quarter and full year financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our Web site at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O’Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Ahmed. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2017 financial review call. During 2017, we delivered on all of our financial metrics. Adjusted EPS was $1.08 toward the upper end of our guidance range. Cash flow also came in at the upper end of our ranges. Based on our strong performance in 2017 and our confidence in our outlook, we are reaffirming our 8% to 10% average annual growth rate through 2020. Further, we continue to transform and simplify the company. To that end, we are maximizing our efficiency with a new organizational structure which will yield an additional $100 million in annual cost savings by 2019. We’re reducing our financial risk by prepaying $1 billion impairing debt. We’re leveraging our platforms by adding 4.4 gigawatts of new capacity that its currently under construction. Through a balanced approach, we’ve been reshaping our portfolio, while reducing our carbon exposure; first, by acquiring 2.3 gigawatts of renewable and launching the Fluence energy storage joint venture with Siemens; second, we announced that we are selling or retiring 4.3 gigawatts of merchant coal-fired generation. Through this successful execution of our strategy, we are lowering the risk of our portfolio, particularly the volatility of our earnings and cash flow. At the same time, we are well positioned to deliver 8% to 10% average annual growth and adjusted EPS comparing free cash flow through 2020, achieve investment grade credit metrics in 2019 and reduce our carbon intensity by 25% from 2016 through 2020. I will now discuss these themes in more detail, beginning with maximizing our efficiency on slide four. We implemented a new $100 million cost savings plan as a result of our recently announced reorganization. This year, we are reducing our global workforce by 1,000 to 12%. These additional savings will strengthen our ability to deliver on our long-term financial commitments. Next, I’ll provide an update on some of our construction projects. In total, we have 4.4 gigawatts currently under construction, most of which are expansions of our existing plans and businesses. Beginning on Alto Maipo on slide five. As you may recall, this 521 megawatt hybrid project has been experiencing significant construction delay and cost overruns. However, since our third quarter call in November, we have reached a significant milestone whilst resolving outstanding issues. Specifically, Alto Maipo negotiated a fixed price lump sum EPC contract with Strabag, the project’s main contractor for the entire project. The new EPC contract, which is pending approval from the project lenders, transfers all of the geological risks to the contractor and includes material capital commitments from Strabag. The restructuring will require concessions from the project lenders and meaningful equity contributions from AES Gener, which are tied to construction milestones. We expect to receive approval from the lenders in the second quarter. Although, we were very disappointed with the extended delays and increased costs to build out the Maipo, the new contract provides much greater certainty on both the schedule and the total costs to complete the remaining 38% of the project. Once completed, Alto Maipo will diversify AES Gener’s generation mix and provide a zero emission source of power and capacity in Chile’s load center for many decades. Turning now to the rest of our construction program, beginning on slide six. Our 671 megawatt Eagle Valley CCGT in Indiana achieved full load earlier this month. This plant is now in the commissioning phase and is expected to be completed in the first half of the year. Now, turning to our 1.3 gigawatt Southland CCGT project on slide seven, which is a new construction on our existing gas generation sites in Southern California. Construction is proceeding as planned and the project on track to be operational by the first half of 2020. Shortly, we will also begin construction on this site on our long-term contracted 100 megawatt four hour duration lithium ion energy storage facility. This project will be the world’s largest lithium ion energy storage facility. Turning to slide eight, and our LNG businesses. In Panama this month, we started commissioning at our 380 megawatt Colón CCGT. We expect to achieve first fire in March and COD early in the second half of this year. As you may remember, we’re also building an LNG re-gasification and storage facility on the same site and expect to reach COD on time in 2019. In the Dominican Republic, we are in advanced discussions to secure new client for the access capacity at our LNG storage facility and to build the pipeline to connect the LNG terminal to the Eastern side of the Island. The pipeline will allow us to sell our access capacity as existing plant convert from heavy fuel oil and diesel to natural gas. We expect to earn attractive returns given the limited amount of investment necessary and that the project will require no cash in corp. Our remaining construction projects are proceeding as planned, including our 1.3 gigawatt thermal plant OPGC 2 in India. These projects will be key contributors to our earnings and cash flow growth through 2020. Turning to slide nine. We have been reshaping our portfolio to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders, while reducing our carbon exposure. Our focus in on renewable projects with long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts. On a portfolio basis, these investments are expected to produce low to mid-teen IRs assuming a conservative terminal value. In general, we expect to receive at least 85% of the cash flow during the life of PPA. These compelling returns are driven by several factors, including; about half of our investments are in markets with lower renewable penetration and faster growth on U.S.; using our business platforms and global scale to lower cost, such as PV panel and wind turbine purchases; utilizing local debt capacity in the businesses to fund the investments; and bringing in partners to reduce our equity commitments, while providing management and development fees. Turning to slide 10. In the last year, we acquired $2.3 gigawatts of renewable capacity with long-term contracts in three markets. First in the U.S., we closed on the acquisition of sPower together with the Alberta pension fund, AIMCo. sPower was a key driver in our 2017 growth and is continuing to execute on its more than 10 gigawatt development pipeline in the U.S. In fact, this year sPower signed long-term PPAs for 582 megawatts of solar and wind capacity with investment grade customers. Second in Brazil, AES Tietê acquired 686 megawatts of long-term contracted wind and solar generation. The equity required for these expansions was funded by using the debt capacity available at Tietê. And third in Mexico, where we have 2.5 gigawatt development pipeline of renewables and natural gas infrastructure. We acquired a 306 megawatt Mesa La Paz wind development project. Mesa La Paz has a 25 year U.S. dollar denominated PPA with an investment grade private sector off-taker. The project site has sufficient additional land to accommodate up to 200 megawatts of solar, which could be an attractive upside in the future. We expect to reach financial close in March and begin construction shortly thereafter. During 2017, we also made good progress on our initiative to offer new innovative energy solutions. As a result, in Hawaii we’re delivering two solar plus energy storage facilities for a total of 47 megawatts of solar and 34 megawatts of five hour duration storage on the Island of Kauai. The first of these pioneering projects is under construction, and will satisfy energy demand during peak hours in the evening, as well as the rest of the day. We also closed on Fluence, our joint venture with Siemens. Fluence will deliver energy storage solutions and services to a broad group of customers from commercial and industrial companies to utility and power developers around the globe. In fact, the team is currently pursuing more than one gigawatt sales opportunities in 15 countries. The goal is for Fluence to consolidate its position as market leader in this high growth market. Lithium-ion base energy storage is expected to grow tenfold in five years, reaching at least 28 gigawatts of global install capacity by 2022. In summary, as you can see on slide 11, we will be adding 8.3 gigawatts of new capacity by 2020. This represents 25% of our current install capacity and includes seven gigawatts of projects either under construction or recently acquired. The remaining 1.3 gigawatts reflect projects in advanced stage development, half of which are under signed contracts. As a result of these additions, our average remaining contract term will increase from six years currently to 10 years by 2020. We have sufficient internally generated cash to fund our equity contributions for all the projects I just discussed. We're taking a balanced approach to decarbonizing our portfolio, recognizing that coal will continue to play a role. In 2017, we announced the exit of 4.3 gigawatts of merchant coal-fired generation, representing 30% of our coal fired capacity. Through these actions, we are significantly reshaping our portfolio to achieve our financial and strategic objectives. As you can see on slide 12, by the end of 2020, we expect our coal fired capacity to decline from 41% to 29%, while renewables and gas will increase from 55% to 68%. Further, as you may have seen in our press release this morning and on slide 13, I am pleased to announced that based on these steps we've taken to-date, we are on track to reduce our carbon intensity by 25% from 2016 to 2020, and we will be aiming for a reduction of 50% by 2030. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom to discuss our financial results, capital allocation guidance, and expectations in more detail.
Tom O’Flynn: Thanks Andrés. Good morning. Today, I’ll review our 2017 results and capital allocation. We'll also discuss some recent business developments and conclude by addressing our guidance for this year, and expectations through 2020. As Andrés mentioned, we finished 2017 on a strong note, achieving the upper end of our guidance range on all metrics and setting a solid foundation for growth through 2020. Adjusted EPS was $1.08. In the last two months of the year, we benefited from stronger margins at some of our businesses, a lower impact from hurricanes and a lower overall tax rate. As shown on slide 15, most of our growth in 2017 was driven by higher margins, particularly in MCAC, contributions from new solar projects in the U.S. and the absence of a one-time reserve taken in 2016 in MCAC. Now to slide 16, our adjusted PTC and consolidated free cash flow. We earned a little over $1 billion in adjusted PTC during the year. This was an increase of $167 million, primarily due to the same drivers as adjusted EPS. We generated $1.9 billion of consolidated free cashflow, a decrease of $323 million from 2016, primarily due to large receivables collections in Eurasia and Brazil in ’16. Now I’ll cover our SPUs in more detail over the next five slides, beginning on slide 17. In the U.S., margins were flat. Adjusted PTC increased, primarily due to equity earnings for new solar projects at sPower and our distributed energy business. Lower consolidated free cash flow also reflects higher working capital requirements at DPL. Regarding sPower, we’re very pleased with the businesses’ performing since the acquisition. In November, sPower closed a $420 million 19 year financing at 4.6%, enabling us to meaningfully increase our returns on the business. We also continue to receive inbound indications of interest at attractive valuations to partner on sPower’s operating assets. Incorporating such a partner would further increase our overall return and transition a greater percentage of our capital into sPower’s robust development pipeline. This backlog continues to grow and is yielding excellent projects with double-digit returns, including the 580 megawatts of recently signed PPAs, Andrés mentioned. In Andes, our results were relatively flat. Higher pricing in Argentina and a full year of operations at Cochrane in Chile were largely offset by the impact of Green Taxes and planned major maintenance at AES Gener in Chile. Lower adjusted PTC also reflects higher interest expense in Argentina. Consolidated free cash increased largely due to lower working capital requirements at Gener. In Brazil, margins were flat while adjusted PTC benefited from the settlement of a legal dispute at our CCGT [indiscernible] in the first quarter 2017. The decrease in consolidated free cash flow is largely due to the high recovery in 2016 Eletropaulo to purchase power cost from prior drops. Most importantly, as part of our strategic shift away from the distribution business in Brazil, in Q4 we reclassified Eletropaulo to discontinued operations. This reduces our volatility and eliminates the disproportionate exposure to Brazil in our consolidated financial statements, given our 17% ownership interest. For example, we’ve been consolidating over $3 billion of revenue with over $1 billion of unfunded pension liability with only $3 million of income in 2017. Mexico, Central American and the Caribbean results reflect improved margins, driven primarily by higher contracted sales in the Dominican Republic, following completion of the combined cycle last year, as well as higher availability in Mexico. Adjusted PTC in ’16 also reflects the reserve taken against certain of the reimbursements in MCAC in connection with a legal matter. Consolidated free cash flow also benefited from receivables collections in the fourth quarter in the Dominican Republic. I’ll also note that our plan in Puerto Rico is now being dispatched and delivering much needed energy to the grid. Payments from the off take of preps have also resumed and we received $40 million since December. Finally Eurasia, results reflects stable margins and the collection of a large overdue receivable in 2016 at Maritza in Bulgaria. Since the structuring and Maritza’s PPA in 2016, the off-takers have been paying on-time. On the regulatory side, Maritza expects to have discussions later this year with the Government of Bulgaria regarding the European Commission's review of the PPAs compliance with [indiscernible]. We’ll keep you updated as discussions progress. Now to slide 22, and update on the impact of tax reform. As you know, we incurred a one-time non-cash charge of $1.08 in 2017 upon enactment of the new law, which was largely related to deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. This is a complex bill and some issues still remain to be clarified. As we disclosed last month, in the near term we expect $0.05 to $0.08 annual impact, largely driven by two aspects; first, we expect meaningful limitation on interest deductions, which are now capped at roughly 30% of non-regulated U.S. EBITDA; second, under the new global intangible income rules, un-repatriated foreign earnings above a certain threshold can now be subject to U.S. tax. We have taken actions to offset these impacts and we'll continue to evaluate additional tax planning opportunities. In the longer term, these aspects of the tax reform they are beneficial to AES. For example, the adoption of a territorial tax regime will provide more flexibility in structuring new investments and repatriating profits. Now to slide 23 and our improving credit profile. We ended ’17 with $4.7 billion of parent debt and almost $2 billion reduction since 2011. As we announced in December, we used all the proceeds from the billion dollar Masinloc sale to further reduce parent debt, which will bring our debt to about $3.8 billion. As a result, we now expect to achieve investment grade credit metrics in 2019, a year earlier than our prior expectations. We also have a high priority goal of attaining an investment grade rating by 2020. We believe this will help us to not only reduce our cost of debt and improve our financial flexibility, but also enhance our equity valuation. Now to 2017 parent capital allocation on slide 24. Sources on the left hand side reflect $1.5 billion of total available discretionary cash consistent with our expectations. This includes $637 million of parent free cash above the midpoint of our expected range. Uses on the right hand side of the slide are largely in line with our expectations. Investment from subsidiaries are slightly higher than our prior disclosure, largely due to additional investments in U.S. renewables. Now turning to our guidance on slide 25. Consistent with industry practice, these numbers exclude costs directly associated with major restructuring programs and the one-time non-cash charge of $1.08 resulting from the enactment of tax reform in 2017. Today, we're initiating guidance for 2018 adjusted EPS of $1.15 to $1.25 and reaffirming our target of 8% to 10% average annual growth through 2020. Growth this year will be largely driven by contributions from new projects, cost savings and lower parent interest. To break this down by SBU, we expect growth in U.S. to be driven largely by positive regulatory actions at DPL, as well as growth in renewables. And these will benefit from continued market reforms in Argentina, higher contracting levels at Angamos in Chile and higher generation in Columbia. Growth in MCAC is expected to be driven largely by completed construction projects, including a full year of operations at are combined cycle in the Dominican Republic, as well as the partial year impact from the commencement of operations at the Colón CCGT in Panama. Finally, we also expect to benefit from cost savings and long-term interest. This growth will be partially offset by business exits from the Philippine and Kazakhstan, and a higher tax rate driven by U.S. tax reform. Beginning this year, we’ll no longer provide guidance on consolidated free cash flow, which does not accurately account for AES’s ownership interest and our underlying businesses. We believe that parent free cash flow is the most tangible measure of our ability to achieve our financial goals, including strengthening our balance sheet and delivering value to shareholders. Turning to slide 26. Parent free cash flow is expected to be relatively flat this year from $600 million to $675 million. This reflects lower expected distribution from Gener to allow for incremental investments in Alto Maipo and ensure the maintenance of their investment grade credit ratings. Consistent with prior expectations, we still expect 8% to 10% average annual growth through 2020 off the 2017 base. I’ll now discuss our 2018 parent capital allocation on slide 27. Beginning on the left side, sources reflect $1.9 billion of total available discretionary cash, including the $600 million to $675 million of parent free cash flow just mentioned. Sources also assumed $1.25 billion in asset sale proceeds, including $1 billion sale of Masinloc in the Philippines and $250 million placeholder for additional asset sale this year. Regarding Masinloc, we recently received a key regulatory approval for the sale to close as early as the end of first quarter. Now, the uses on the right side of the slide. Including the 8.3% dividend increase we announced in December, we’ll be returning $345 million to shareholders this year as expected. We expect to use over $1 billion to reduce parent debt, including revolver drawings. Finally, we plan to invest at least $250 million in our subsidiaries, primarily from projects under construction leaving about $100 million unallocated cash. Now looking at our capital allocation from 2018 through 2020 beginning on slide 28. We expect our portfolio to generate $4.2 billion in discretionary cash, roughly 60% of our market cap. This reflects parent free cash flow for the period, as well as our $2 billion asset sale target for 2020, half of which will be realized from Masinloc. In terms of uses on slide 29, whether half has been allocated to the current shareholder dividend and debt reduction about 750 is allocated to identified investments in our subsidiaries, including projects under construction and late stage development. The remaining $1.25 billion, which is largely weighted towards ’19 and 2020, is available to create shareholder value through investment in compelling growth opportunities, modest deleveraging of about $100 million to $200 million per year and potential growth in our dividend. With that, I’ll now turn it back to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. Before we take questions, let me summarize the concrete steps we’re taking to transform and simplify the company; reducing our headcount by 12% this year for $100 million in sustainable cost savings; lowering our parent debt by 20%; investing in profitable, renewable projects with long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts, including the 2.3 gigawatts we acquired in 2017; and reducing our carbon exposure by exiting 4.3 gigawatts of merchant coal-fired generation. Accordingly, as a result of our successful execution, we will deliver 8% to 10% average annual growth and adjusted EPS in parent free cash flow through 2020, achieve investment grade metrics in 2019 and reduce our carbon intensity by 25% from 2016 to 2020. Our overarching goal is to deliver sustainable and attractive risk adjusted total returns to our shareholders. Operator, we would now like to open up the lines for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator instructions]. The first question is from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: First question Andrés on the Alto Maipo. In the past, when you have put that project as part of your construction pipeline, you resumed a zero return on the investments you've already made there. Can you give us a sense of what’s roughly the incremental investment you will need to make and the economic or financial case internally that you went through to decide, we should go forward with this as opposed to perhaps writing-off the previous investment you've made there?
Andrés Gluski: I can’t comment right now on what the amount of the additional investment AES Gener would have to make at this point. But that will happen when the financing is closed. But I would say that what is important is Gener has been strengthening its balance sheet, selling some assets. Also, as Tom mentioned, there'll be somewhat less dividends this year as a result of investments to be made in Alto Maipo. Now in terms of what to do with the project going forward, of course what matters is just the marginal costs and the marginal benefits. And that's what we have been looking at. I think that from a strategic point of view, having Alto Maipo plus Las Lajas and Alfafal, that’s all part of one big complex, you will have at the end 750 megawatts of capacity and power right in the low center of Chile. So this we think will be a very attractive asset. And as you know, this will, I’ll say balance Gener’s risk because Gener has been very heavily weighted towards the coal plant. And as again Tom mentioned in his speech, we did have the impact of green taxes in 2017. So that's what we're looking at Ali. We’ll look at the entire picture, it's like the marginal returns on the investments we're making and the positioning of Gener as a company into the future.
Ali Agha: Second question, as you mentioned the parent free cash flow profile is relatively flattish in ’18. How does that impact your dividend plans? And when you think about the 8% to 10% growth in dividends, could we expect that as an annual number or would that follow the parent free cash flow profile?
Andrés Gluski: I think if you look at the growth of our dividend, I think we've had the fastest dividend growth of any company in our sector. And so I think going forward, we’ll continue to analyze what's the best use of our cash. Certainly, we don't think we're getting a lot of credit for our growth in the dividend and the fact that we're on a path to become investment grade. So we will look at what we think is the best use of our cash going forward. I think we’ve laid out our priorities as want to become investment grade and into that we have the transformation of the company that’s underway that we’ll decrease risk and we’ll also ensure our growth into the future.
Ali Agha: And Andrés just to clarify remind me again, that 8% to 10% growth in EPS and better free cash flow ’18 through 2020. Are you also committing to an 8% to 10% growth in the dividend commensurate with that?
Andrés Gluski: At this stage, we haven’t made any comment on an 8% to 10% growth in the dividend. We’re committing to adjusted EPS growth and the parent free cash flow growth.
Ali Agha: Last question, the billion dollars of asset sales that you are planning between ’18 through ’20 period. Is the impact of that already factored into that 8% to 10% EPS growth that you’ve laid out for us?
Andrés Gluski: Absolutely. And so I mean, we’ve been talking about a balanced approach. I think if you look at our sales, we’ve really gotten good value for our shareholders on those sales. As I said, we also think that coal will continue to play a role. But what we’ve focused on, certainly we focused on coal merchant plans going in, we’ve also focused on simplifying our portfolio. Now, depending on the quality of the asset whether it’s a creative or dilutive that will depend, but this is baked into our vision of the future and what we will deliver. So we feel very comfortable about hitting that billion dollar target, some are could be selling out and some could be selling down. And another factor in our strategy, which we perhaps haven’t highlighted in this speech, but we’ve attracted more than $4 billion of partnership capital. So we’re really looking at maximizing our returns and partnership capital in general has given us a lot of flexibility and the allocation of our resources, helped us manage risk and it’s also helped us into our returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: So two questions. How does the new solar power impact your growth plans for sPower? And then secondly, if you could elaborate a little bit about those negotiations concerning Maritza and some state aids that you mentioned. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Let’s talk a little bit about the solar panel. The impact of the tariff, the 30% tariff, is baked into our forecast. And it hasn’t had a material impact on the business. So I don’t know Tom perhaps you’d like to comment on it.
Tom O’Flynn: I think as Andrés has said, I mean the expectation of a tariff have been obviously out there for some time since early or middle of last year. Some of the being thrown around were actually higher than that so it’s certainly within expectations of what was going to be passed. I think that was taken into account by our teams at sPower and our distributed energy business, so generally we’ve moving forward. Sure on the margin there were small number of opportunities that fell off or at least that put on hold. But I think the team has been moving forward, most of it is evidenced by the large signing of contracts that we identified just most recently.
Andrés Gluski: Okay, let me take the second question which is regarding Maritza. We just wanted to mention this at this stage it's very early to say what the outcome of this would be. It's basically known that DG comp of the European commission does reviews of long-term PPAs, and then whether they contain what's called illegal state aid. We feel we have a very strong contract. We will -- that there's a lot of ways that this could be resolved, and at this stage and I will keep you informed as it progresses. But again we feel that we have a very strong contract. And as you know, a couple of years ago they ran up a very significant IOU, more than €400 million. On our calls we said, look, we expect to be paid because of the strength of our contracts and quite frankly because of the investment grade of Bulgaria and the fact the public sector had the means to which to pay. Those things were resolved, stay tuned, we'll see where this turns out. But again, we think we're starting from a strong position.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
Julien Smith: Just wanted to follow up on the last question a little bit. You’ve alluded to or you reaffirmed today the 8% to 10%. Can you just clarify to the extent to which that that is inclusive of the asset sales basically that sort of an implicit guide up, because I think before you talk about the 8% to 10% being exclusive of those and needing to have find, call it cost cuts and/or other sources to offset the dilution from asset sales. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Tom O’Flynn: I think maybe we weren’t as clear in the past. But I think the 8% to 10% is inclusive of asset sales. I think there’s a basket of some things that we may sell out or sell down as Andrés said. And it does also assume use of capital for deleveraging and reinvestment, I would say our reinvestment is at rates less than what we’ve been investing at. So we feel quite good about those.
Julien Smith: Said differently again, you basically found the cost savings this point to fully offset the full slate of 2018 through 2020 asset sales. And again, just to make sure this is clear, that it’s only billion dollars of asset sales that's reflected in that 8% to 10% or what magnitude through the full three year period?
Tom O’Flynn: No, it's only an additional billion, so it's Masinloc plus a billion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: I have one, one other question. The language you used to describe the impact of tax reform, as you say in, near term impact of $0.08 to $0.10. What is -- does that imply that the impact, all things equal and obviously this is before what you're doing to offset it, changes over time? And if so, can you give us some insight into whether it gets better or worse over time and a base case before offsets? And then other than the cost cutting which you’ve been announced. What are the things that you’re doing to offset that base case impact of tax reform?
Andrés Gluski: So let me take at a high level and then I’ll pass it to Tom. What we’ve talked about is $0.05 to $0.08 initially. There are two sides, so this one is the limitations on interest, expense, deductibility related to EBITDA in the U.S. And the second is the global intangible low tax income. Now, there remains a lot to be clarified on this law. So this is -- we’re taking conservative approach to it. Why does this change overtime, well it changes because your asset base changes and also has to do with your level of indebtedness, changes overtime. So what happens overtime it gets better as the effects of a lower tax rate kick in. So that’s number one. Number two, as Tom said in his speech, we really clean the slate by basically using our NOLs to pay for the tax expense of deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. So really as a result of it, we’ll have a much more transparent tax position as time goes by. Now, we do need a further clarity, clarifying need to make sure that any actions we take to optimize our capital efficiency are the ones in the long term. So with that I’ll turn it over to Tom.
Tom O’Flynn: Greg, I think we say near-term it’s a two to three year period. We look beyond that we’re seeing lower impacts based on we see in that -- as we see it. There is lot of moving parts but in general as we work through our NOL position and as part of the charging took at the end of the year and the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings, we used about $1.9 billion of our NOL. So as our NOL decrease and we move towards a taxable position over the next two to three years, the overall impact of tax reform from an earnings standpoint can actually be less. But I would probably say near-term $0.05 to $0.08 call it two to three years. And then as we look at it, we would see that number of potentials right down. Obviously, we’re trying to make numbers lower and having the ramp down effect accelerated possible. So those are the things that are still work in progress.
Greg Gordon: And all that being said, that’s fully baked into the growth rate expectations that you’re aspiring to earnings and cash flow?
Tom O’Flynn: Yes, we have the $0.05 to $0.08 impact baked into 2020.
Operator: The next question is from [Gregg Orrill] of UBS. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe you’ve address this a bit earlier. But in terms of your stance to keep AES Gener investment grade. What do you think is required there? What levers would you pull?
Andrés Gluski: Well, we’ve basically been pulling the levers we talked about in the past. We said Gener have a lot of levers, realized that Gener had a very good year in 2017. So we’ve had some asset sales, sales in non-core assets. We have sold a peaking plant. And we’re also in the process of selling some other non-core assets, which we think quite frankly were at very good multiples. And these will be used to pay down debt at Gener to shore it up. So while the Gener price has suffered greatly in the last say two years, at the same time, Gener in terms of if you look at it, our earnings this year or cash flow is really at record levels due to the fact that we cut the ribbon on time and on budget on the other projects. So Gener again, we will keep it the investment grade, there are a lot of levers to pull. And as we said, we weren't putting in more money from AES into Gener.
Tom O’Flynn: Gregg, I’ll just say, basically the dividend we got last year from Gener was around $160 million, $170 million, it was AES share. And all the numbers we expect to have to be a lower number. I don't want to get specific because obviously Gener is a public company, but I’ll just leave it that we are being more conservative with expectations for ’18 until Alto Maipo gets tied up moving forward.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: The question on the cost cuts and you said strengthening the 8% to 10%. Could you maybe just give a little more color on what you mean by strengthening? Are you seeing yourself higher in the range or you have more cushion in the event that something doesn't go right. How should I think about that?
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think when we talk about strengthening, it’s quite frankly. I’ll say decreasing the band, increasing the certainty that you're going to hit your numbers. We had a lot of these things, I would say, in the works but it certainly feels good to have executed on them. So just to be clear on the cost savings program that we just announced, I mean, that's mostly executed. And we will have those numbers in hand in the first half of this year. And of course, we have the one time severance costs as well included in our number. So most of this is that we feel that as we execute, we reduce the -- or increase the certainty around our numbers and makes them more robust to any unforeseen possibility.
Steve Fleishman: And as you stand today, what do you see as the biggest risk to achieving the growth target, if any?
Andrés Gluski: Well, I would say, look. We have I think listed them. I think it's very important to close an Alto Maipo that we have, even though it does mean Gener has to make material contributions, this is very dramatic shift and the risk of this project, because we're going from one where essentially when it came to geological risk, it was cost plus to a one where we have certainty on the cost. And second, where we really have one contractor rather than two and that contractor will have significant skin in the game and every incentive to finish at the lowest cost and as early as possible. So I think that is very important. I think, you know, as I mentioned regarding Bulgaria, this is something that we have to see the resolution of it. We think we're in a very strong position, like we thought we were -- when we ran at the €400 million of IOUs. But stay tuned, because it's too early to say where that would turnout. I think that we have opportunities for the upside in a number of our markets. I am very encouraged by the returns we're getting on our renewables and gas projects, especially outside the U.S., we have an excellent pipeline of projects in Mexico, dollar denominated with private sector off takers. I'm very excited about the solar plus energy storage possibilities. We're excited about the sPower pipeline. And regarding Fluence, I think we're seeing that that market is starting to turn. This is a classic new technology, which will go through s-curve and we have to see when that turns up. Now speaking about Fluence, I think that’s more of a play where it’s not incremental earnings per year it’s just really creating a lot of value, three years to five years from now probably, like we did with the Brazilian Telecom.
Steve Fleishman: And then last question just on the -- Tom, I think you mentioned something about a potential partner for sPower. Could you give a little more color on that and just -- or is it just mainly for somebody who would buy a stake in current operating projects?
Tom O’Flynn: Steve, we’ve been approached by some parties about stakes in operating projects. And it would be something that we would do obviously with [s] and with AIMCo jointly. I mean it’s just reinforces that value of their operating portfolio where we’re obviously quite focused in the growth portfolio. But it reinforces the value of their operating portfolio and it’s potentially attractive to some co-investors, so we’ll see.
Steve Fleishman: And how it effectively part of your asset sales?
Tom O’Flynn: Yes, it’s part of a bucket of opportunities, basket of opportunities, yes.
Andrés Gluski: So instead of opportunities, $2 billion we got $1 billion is Masinloc of the billion dollar set, the set of opportunities is greater than billion.
Operator: The next question is from Charles Fishman of Morningstar Research. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: Just specific I guess I’m looking at slide 52 where you break down the adjusted PTC breaking by SBU. And Andes certainly had some strong growth, ’18 versus ’17. And I realized you don’t -- you’re not giving, when you talk about 8% to 10%, you’re not breaking it down by SBU. But certainly, there is some very significant growth opportunities that you’ve outlined in the U.S. as well as MCAC. I thought that maybe with the problems at Alto Maipo it would maybe take the wind out of the sales of the growth in Andes, and yet you hadn’t good growth in ‘18. Am I being too hard on -- or the other opportunities in that SBU just greatly outlaying the problems at Alto Maipo or is Alto Maipo not as bigger hit as maybe I thought and I realized you haven’t disclose that. Where am I going wrong maybe on my outlook for Andes?
Andrés Gluski: Let me clarify. First, remember that again Gener had a record year last year. The Alto Maipo issues are perspective. This is not current. The drop in the price of Gener stock is part of I think a decrease in prospective prices, the market is thinking what are the future prices. Now realize Gener is fully contracted through 2023 and 50% thereafter, realize also that Gener is taking a very large market share of commercial and industrial contracts. So Gener is a strong company an investment grade company. Now talking about Andes itself, we had a very good year in Argentina. We have 3 gigawatts of excellent assets in our Argentina, we’ve always had. We’ve had relatively low debt in Argentina. So to the extent that the wholesale market has liberalized in Argentina and dollarized, this has been a positive for us. Also realize that AES Gener is about 30% Columbia, 30% hydro in Chivor. So Andes is a SBU, it’s much more than just Alto Maipo, and you realize that you're talking about, in total, almost 7gigawatts of capacity that you have in Andes and Alto Maipo being 500. So the important thing I think is to resolve Alto Maipo to decrease the uncertainty and I would expect to have a positive reaction in terms of Gener stock and hopefully AES stock as well.
Charles Fishman: So really Andes will contribute again realizing you're not breaking the 8% to 10% down by SBU. But you foresee Andes contributing through that 8% to 10%, just along with U.S. and MCAC, correct?
Andrés Gluski: I'd say certainly we don't see it as a drag. I mean, we have interesting renewable opportunities in the region and that even Gener has solar projects now under construction. So there is a lot of opportunities in the region. And what we are looking forward to is resolving the issues of Alto Maipo and have certainty, and getting pass that and really focus on the other projects in the future.
Charles Fishman: Well, it sounds like your team has done excellent job of being close to resolving a difficult situation in Alto Maipo, so that's certainly a positive. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Lasan Johong of Auvila. Please go ahead.
LasanJohong: Andrés, I'm a little confused. In the press release, it says that ASC classifying and Eletropaulo as a discontinued operation. And then Tom said that is going to be deconsolidated. My understanding was there going to deconsolidated not sold. So is there a change in status of Electropaulo?
Andrés Gluski: It’s both deconsolidated and classified under discontinued operations. So that would be, as I said, will be part of -- so it’s true on both counts. In other words, our revenues and operating costs and everything don't flow through our financials, which makes our financials much easier to understand, especially given the debt and unfunded pension and those kinds of things. But also as classified as discontinued operations that would say that we're going to continue on our strategic shift with respect to Electropaulo and assess our ownership interest.
LasanJohong: So at some point, it would be up for sale?
Andrés Gluski: I don't want to get too specific, it’s a public company, but that’s being -- I think discontinued operations, you can bring it from there.
LasanJohong: Make our own assessment, okay. Andrés, it sounds like AES is moving much more towards a carbon de-risking portfolio in the U.S. And so it's interesting, the development of sPower going forward. Would it be advisable at some point for AES to sell IPL and DPL and use that capital to bolster both sPower’s development program and maybe do further renewable acquisitions in the U.S.?
Andrés Gluski: To me put a little bit carbon de-risking in perspective. So we're taking a balanced approach. We can see that coal could have a role to play in some markets well into the future. If you take our U.S. operations, for example, IPL, IPL will go from 79% coal to about 44% coal when we cut ribbon on Eagle Valley. So what we’re really talking about is we see this as a long-term sort of de-risking. And we also will be doing things like we have found ways to run our coal plans at lower means, we’re talking about taking down from 50%, 40% down to around 20%. So this combined with at certain hours of the day very cheap renewables will allow us to run our coal -- decrease our carbon footprint, but at the same time take advantage of our coal plants using basically like large batteries. So when you talk about something like, IPL we think it’s -- or DPL, these are part of that strategy and that they really complement what we are in terms of the various sources of financing we have and the various growth opportunities. So right now we would consider those utilities as core to our business proposition.
LasanJohong: Last question to Tom, the interest deduction restricts on the U.S. portion. Obviously, back on the envelop calculation, it looks like about $20 million to $30 million would not qualify out of about $265 million. Is that about right, are we in the same for the ballpark?
Tom O’Flynn: Just on a standalone basis, it’s hard to look at the tax -- any tax piece of puzzle in isolation. But our U.S. income that would be available to shelter our interest would be less than that. Keep in mind that the U.S. income that’s in the utilities and some of the other investments is not income that’s available to offset interest, but it’s a longer story than that.
Andrés Gluski: I think it’s in our interest…
LasanJohong: Just an unregulated stuff…
Tom O’Flynn: But as always, it’s not quite that simple. I would say just coming down meaningfully our interest last year was about -- was well over 200, I think as we see it after paying down the billion dollars of debt and also looking at some other opportunities, we’ll be under $200 million on a run-rate by mid-year. So next year we expect interest to be maybe $180 million or something in that ballpark. So by reducing debt, we’re meaningfully limiting the issue.
LasanJohong: So next year how much of the interest expense would not qualify for the reduction?
Tom O’Flynn: I think there is a lot of moving parts that started baking all together and said $0.05 to $0.08. And once again, it’s hard to look at. Even some as before and some of the issue we talked about access taxes on foreign that could be an offset in part to the interest. So it’s a lot of different equations but just to boil it down, we think $0.05 to $0.08 for the next two years or three years.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks. The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha – Vice President of Investor Relations Andrés Gluski – President and Chief Executive Officer Tom O'Flynn – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ali Agha – SunTrust Julien Dumoulin-Smith – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon – Evercore ISI Lasan Johong – Auvila Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the AES Q3 Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pasha, the floor is yours, sir.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, and welcome to AES’ third quarter 2017 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O’Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Well, good morning, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2017 financial review call. Today, Tom and I will discuss our results for the quarter and year-to-date as well as our progress on our strategic and financial goals. We are reaffirming our prior guidance for 2017 and our expectations through 2020. During the third quarter, we made significant progress on our construction projects and the integration of our renewable acquisitions. This morning, I will provide some color on the returns we expect to realize from these investments. I will also discuss our plans to accelerate and expand our asset sales program and cost-cutting and revenue-enhancement initiatives. Before turning to these areas, I’ll first discuss the impact of the recent hurricanes on our businesses in the Caribbean. Our sympathies are with the people of Puerto Rico, many of whom are still without power and water. Our number one priority before, during and after the recent hurricane was the safety of our people and their families and impacted communities. Fortunately, our people and their families are safe, and our two plants in Puerto Rico sustained only minor damage. Both plants are currently available to meet their obligations under their PPAs. We expect the local transmission system to be energized and ready to take our much-needed power by the end of November. Tom will discuss the effects of the hurricanes in our financial results for the third quarter in more detail. Today, we’re announcing that we will be significantly upsizing our asset sales program. We now expect to realize $2 billion in proceeds during the 2018 to 2020 period. Approximately $1 billion of this is expected to occur by year-end 2018, including the sale of Masinloc, our coal plant in the Philippines. Interest remains very strong, and we expect to sign this sales agreement before year end and receive the proceeds early next year. We’re also announcing that we are aggressively pursuing significant additional cost savings. These G&A and O&M savings are likely to be earnings neutral in 2018 due to onetime restructuring costs, but accretive to 2019 and beyond. We will provide more detail on our fourth quarter call. Turning to Slide 4 and our construction program, which is the key driver of our growth. Milestones were being met across our 5 gigawatts of projects under construction, including Alto Maipo in Chile. Although the Alto Maipo project has experienced construction delays and cost overruns, it is making progress towards overcoming these challenges. First, the smaller of the two main contractors, CNM, was terminated. The Tunnel Boring Machine they had been operating is now being operated by Robbins, its manufacturer. They’re progressing at a multiple of the historical rates achieved by CNM, and the Alto Maipo project is now 58% complete. Second, Alto Maipo is in negotiations with various contractors for a fixed price, lump sum EPC contract. The new EPC contract would include substantial capital and performance commitments from the contractor, incentivizing timely completion. The restructuring would also require additional concessions from the project lenders and meaningful contributions from AES Gener, which would be tied to construction milestones. The objective is to significantly reduce execution risks and preserve the value of Alto Maipo while, at the same time, remaining disciplined with additional equity from AES Gener. We will provide you with updates as Alto Maipo continues to make progress on these negotiations. Turning now to the rest of our construction program, beginning on Slide 5. Our 671-megawatt Eagle Valley CCGT in Indiana is on track to achieve commercial operations in the first half of 2018. Construction is 99% complete, and the project is now in the commissioning phase. In fact, this past weekend, the project achieved a major milestone with the first fire of the turbine. The unit was synchronized to the grid and produced its first electricity. Now turning to our 1.3 gigawatt Southland CCGT project on Slide 6, which is a repowering of our existing gas generation facilities in Southern California. Construction is ongoing, and the project is on track to be operational by the first half of 2020. Our remaining construction projects are proceeding as planned, including our thermal plant, OPGC 2 in India; and our CCGT and LNG regasification terminal, Colón, in Panama. These projects will be key contributors to our earnings and cash flow growth through 2020. Turning to Slide 7. We have been reshaping our portfolio to reduce our carbon intensity and deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. To that end, our growth initiatives beyond the projects under construction have been focused on investments in natural gas and renewable projects with long-term U.S. dollar-denominated contracts in our existing markets. On a portfolio basis, these investments are expected to produce average returns in the low teens. These compelling returns are driven by several factors, including investing in markets with lower renewable penetration and faster growth rates than the U.S.; using local debt capacity in the businesses to fund the investments; and using our business platforms and global scale to lower costs. Our project returns also benefit from bringing in partners to reduce our equity commitments while providing management and development fees. I’ll walk through some specific examples of how we have boosted returns on some of our recent investments, beginning on Slide 8. In July, we closed on our acquisition of sPower with the Alberta pension fund, AIMCo. We are encouraged by the quality of sPower’s people, operating assets and development pipeline. In fact, we are well positioned to capitalize on sPower’s 10-gigawatt-plus development pipeline by closing on at least 500 megawatts of solar projects annually in the U.S. Additionally, we have received a number of inbound indications of interest to partner on a portion of sPower’s operating assets. We’re evaluating these proposals, which would increase our overall returns and allow us to redeploy the capital into sPower’s attractive growth pipeline. Turning to Slide 9. In Brazil, during the quarter, Tietê moved forward on three growth transactions. Tietê closed the acquisition of the 386-megawatt Alto Sertão wind plant, finalized the acquisition of the 75-megawatt Boa Hora solar project and signed an agreement to acquire the 150-megawatt Bauru solar complex. The wind plant is currently operating with an 18-year contract, and all solar projects are expected to be operational in 2018 with 20-year regulated contracts. The BRL1.6 billion of capital needed to fund these 611 megawatts of renewable expansions in Brazil has been secured by tapping into the available debt capacity at Tietê without any equity. Returns on these long-term contracted assets are in the mid-teens in U.S. dollar terms. Finally, turning to Slide 10. In Mexico, we’re also seeing attractive returns for our development projects. With our partner, Grupo Bal, one of the largest business groups in Mexico, we have developed a strong 2.5-gigawatt pipeline of renewable and natural gas projects. We are targeting long-term bilateral contracts with creditworthy, large industrial off-takers. For example, we recently signed an agreement to acquire the 306 Mesa La Paz wind development project, which has a 25-year U.S. dollar-denominated PPA. The project site also has sufficient additional land to accommodate up to 200 megawatts of solar, which could be an attractive upside in the future. We expect to reach financial close early next year and begin construction of Mesa La Paz shortly thereafter. In summary, as you can see on Slide 11, we will be adding 8.4 gigawatts of new capacity by 2020. This includes almost 7 gigawatts of projects under construction or recently acquired. The remaining 1.5 gigawatts represent projects in advanced-stage development. As a result of these additions, our average remaining contract term will increase from 6 years currently to 10 years by 2020. We have sufficient internally generated cash to fund our equity contributions for both our projects under construction and the development projects I just discussed. The projects we have under construction and the more recent investments we have made are helping us to significantly reshape our portfolio to achieve our financial objectives. At the same time, we're reducing our carbon intensity and deploying tomorrow's technologies. As you can see on Slide 12, by the end of 2020, our coal generation will decline from 41% to 33%, while renewables and cash generation will increase from 55% to 63%. We've also been driving the adoption of energy storage in our markets as shown on Slide 13. We are a global leader in the industry with presence in seven markets, including 228 megawatts in operation and another 250 megawatts under contract or construction. In the Dominican Republic, we recently completed 20 megawatts of new energy storage. In September, these facilities performed flawlessly, working twice as much as normal to ensure the electric grid stayed online during Hurricanes Irma and Maria. We believe the integration of energy storage and renewables is key to accelerating a cleaner energy future. This is one of the most promising opportunities in our industry, and our businesses are leading the way. For example, in Hawaii, we're helping the island of Kauai reduce their reliance on diesel generators by delivering a 28-megawatt solar farm and a 20-megawatt, five-hour duration energy storage. Integrating energy storage to enhance the output of solar and wind facilities is a key focus area for Fluence, our new energy storage joint venture with Siemens. The Fluence JV received anti-trust approval from the European Commission in October and is expected to close by the end of this year. Once closed, we expect Fluence to deliver energy storage solution and services to a broader group of customers, from commercial and industrial companies to utilities and power developers in 160 countries. Together with Siemens, our goal is for Fluence to be the market leader in this high-growth segment that is expected to grow tenfold in five years, reaching at least 28 gigawatts of installed capacity by 2022. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom to discuss our third quarter results, capital allocation and guidance in more detail.
Tom O'Flynn: Thanks, Andrés. Good morning. Today, I'll review our third quarter results, capital allocation and guidance. Overall, our results were lower than the prior year for the quarter largely due to a higher intra-year tax rate and the impact of recent hurricanes. However, based on our year-to-date performance and outlook, we remain on track to deliver on our 2017 guidance and expectations through 2020. Before moving on, I want to provide a brief update on the hurricanes on Slide 16. As we disclosed in October, the estimated impact from hurricanes in 2017 is $0.03 to $0.05 a share. We recognized $0.02 in the third quarter, mostly related to reserves taken at our corporate captive insurance business for estimated property damage in our solar plants in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. To a lesser degree, it also reflects a loss of operations at our thermal plant in Puerto Rico, which was down for 11 days in September. Our business in the Dominican Republic was not affected. Since mid-October, the Puerto Rico plant has been available to meet its obligations under its Power Purchase Agreement. The plant can resume delivering much-needed energy to the grid as soon as the local transmission lines are repaired. On that front, we're pleased with the resources and attention federal and local officials are allocating to restore the power grid, which is a top priority. Repair work is underway, and we're seeing real progress. Momentum should continue to build as EEI in various U.S. utilities have begun to assist in PREPA's restoration efforts. We expect the majority of the grid to be operational by the end of the year. When the plant is reconnected to the grid, we expect it to be dispatched since it's the lowest cost producer of energy, highly reliable and its location is critical to maintaining grid stability. Now turning to adjusted EPS on Slide 17. Third quarter results were $0.24, an $0.08 decrease from 2016. For the year-to-date, adjusted EPS was $0.66, $0.02 higher than 2016. The quarterly results reflect a $0.05 impact due to a higher quarterly tax rate of 35% versus 23% the prior year. We expect a lower rate in the fourth quarter, bringing our average annual rate in its expected 31% to 33% range. Third quarter also reflects the $0.02 hurricane impact and lower margin at Andes, offset by positive results in the remaining SBUs. Now to Slide 18 and our adjusted PTC and consolidated free cash flow. We earned $245 million in adjusted PTC in the quarter, a decrease of $27 million, due in part by the impact of the hurricanes. We generated $601 million of consolidated free cash flow, a decrease of $64 million from third quarter 2016, as higher working capital requirements in Brazil, U.S. and MCAC offset higher consolidated margins. Now I'll cover our SBUs in more detail in the next six slides, beginning on 19. The U.S. margins were down slightly, largely due to moderate weather at IPL. Adjusted PTC increased primarily due to equity earnings from sPower, following the acquisition in July. Lower consolidated free cash flow also reflects higher working capital requirements at DPL and IPL. In Andes, our results reflect lower margins primarily due to planned major maintenance and the impact of green taxes at AES Gener in Chile. This decline was partially offset by positive contributions from Cochrane Unit 2, which achieved commercial operations in October 2016. Adjusted PTC was also impacted by modest write-offs in Argentina and Chile. In Brazil, margins increased due to lower fixed costs, higher tariffs and the recovery of prior tax payments at our distribution business, Eletropaulo. The increase in consolidated free cash flow reflects higher margins, partially offset by higher working capital requirements in Eletropaulo due to recovery of high purchase power costs in 2016 from prior droughts. Before continuing with the quarterly results, I'll provide an update on our efforts to simplify Eletropaulo's ownership structure. As you may know, we own only 17% of this business. However, we are the controlling shareholder and, therefore, consolidate the full financials. We've now received all third-party approvals to migrate to Novo Mercado on the Brazilian stock exchange. As a result, we will no longer have a controlling interest and expect to deconsolidate the business in the fourth quarter. This will simplify our financial statements and also provide greater flexibility. In Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, our results reflect higher margins driven primarily by higher availability and higher contracted sales in the Dominican Republic, following the completion of the DPP project this year. Hurricanes were not a major driver for the quarter in MCAC as most of the $0.02 impact I mentioned earlier was incurred in our captive insurance business at corp. Consolidated free cash flow is flat as higher margins were offset by the timing impact of lower collections in the Dominican Republic. That said, outstanding receivables were settled in full in October. Finally, in Eurasia, our results were largely driven by higher energy and capacity margins at Ballylumford in the UK. Now on Slide 24 and the resolution of our filing at DP&L in Ohio. As you may know, on October 20, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio ruled at our ESP case. The order was consistent with the March Stipulation agreement with only minor modifications. As expected, the ESP includes a Distribution Modernization Rider totaling $105 million per year over three years with a two-year extension option. As previously announced, DPL is selling or exiting all of its 2.1 gigawatts of coal-fired capacity by mid-2018. DPL is also running sales process for the remaining one gigawatt of gas-fired peaking capacity and expects to announce the transaction by year end, with closing expected in the first half of 2018. The commission's ruling in the exit of merchant generation are important steps that will enable DPL to transition to an investment-grade growing T&D business. In fact, you see significant potential to increase the regulated asset base through distribution infrastructure, smart grid and other grid modernization investments. We're pleased to see that these actions are being appreciated by the rating agencies, including a 2-notch upgrade of the DPL family to BB from Fitch earlier this week. Now to Slide 25 and our improving credit profile. This year, we’ve prepaid $300 million of parent debt and refinanced another $1 billion with long-term debt at attractive rates, resulting in annualized interest savings of $40 million. Excluding drawings on our revolver, this brings our total parent debt to $4.5 billion. This represents a $2.1 billion or about a one-third reduction in parent debt since 2011. Through disciplined debt reduction and strong growth in parent free cash flow, we expect to attain investment-grade credit metrics by 2020. We believe this will help us to not only reduce our cost of debt and improve financial flexibility but also enhance our equity valuation. Now to our 2017 parent capital allocation on Slide 26. Sources on the left-hand side reflect $1.4 billion of total available discretionary cash, including parent free cash flow. We expect to be comfortably in the middle of our range of $575 million to $675 million. In addition to the $300 million we received from the sale of Sul in Brazil, we have closed another $80 million of sales, including $60 million from the sell-down of our business in the Dominican Republic. In September, one of our existing partners acquired an additional 5% of the business, implying a total equity value of $1.25 billion. Total asset sale proceeds for the year are about $400 million left than we had shown previously due to a timing difference as we expect to receive those proceeds in early 2018. We plan to use our revolver to fund the temporary shortfall and repay the drawings in early 2018. Moving to uses on the right-hand side. Including the dividend increase we announced last December, we’ll be returning almost $320 million to shareholders this year. We used $340 million to prepay and refinance parent debt, as I just discussed. Finally, we used $382 million for our acquisition of sPower and plan to invest $350 million in our subsidiaries, the majority of which is for new projects under construction and a late-stage development. Now looking at our capital allocation from 2018 through 2020 on Slide 27. We expect our portfolio to generate $3.3 billion of discretionary cash, which includes parent free cash flow and asset sale proceeds. We have conservatively included half of our $2 billion asset sale target, reflecting the transactions we expect to close in 2018. In terms of uses, after funding our dividend and construction projects, we have $1.6 billion of capital to create additional shareholder value. Of this, we’d expect to allocate about 40% to 45% to dividend growth and debt reduction and the remaining amount to invest in attractive growth opportunities. Finally, turning to Slide 28. We are reaffirming our prior 2017 guidance and expectation for an 8% to 10% average annual growth through 2020 for all metrics. As you know, we pointed to the lower half of our guidance range for adjusted EPS in October, following the hurricanes. We still expect a higher rate of EPS growth in 2018 in the low to mid-teens, off the midpoint of our 2017 guidance. This will be largely driven by contributions from new projects, cost-savings and revenue-enhancement initiatives in lower parent interest. To give a little bit more color by SBU, we expect growth in the U.S. to be driven largely by positive regulatory developments at DPL as well as growth in renewables. Andes will benefit from continued market reforms in Argentina, higher contracting levels at Angamos and higher generation in Colombia. Growth in MCAC is expected to be driven largely by completed construction projects, including a full year of operations to the DPP combined cycle in the Dominican Republic as well as a partial-year impact from the commencement of operations at the Colón CCGT in Panama. Growth will be partially offset by business exits in the Philippines and Kazakhstan. Finally, we expect a benefit from our cost savings and revenue-enhancement initiatives as well as lower parent interest. Consistent with our prior practice, we’ll be providing more detail and specific guidance for 2018 on our year-end call in February. With that, I’ll now turn it back to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. In summary, we’re taking a lot of actions at AES to deliver on our strategy and commitments to shareholders. Our sector is undergoing significant change, and we’re undertaking a further transformation of our business to take advantage of new opportunities. Specifically, we’re accelerating and increasing our asset sales program to achieve $1 billion in proceeds by end 2018 and a total of $2 billion by 2020. We’re on track to achieve our target $400 million in annual cost savings and revenue enhancements, and we’re aggressively pursuing additional savings that we will announce on our fourth quarter call. We’re advancing on our 5 gigawatts of construction projects and are aiming to resolve the issues at Alto Maipo in the first quarter of 2018. We are pleased with our acquisition of sPower and see many attractive renewable opportunities across our portfolio. We expect Fluence to close this year, and our goal is to maintain our global leadership in a market that is projected to grow tenfold over the next five years. These actions will result in a simpler portfolio, earning higher risk-adjusted returns and a stronger balance sheet with improved credit metrics. Our overriding objective is to generate 8% to 10% average annual growth in earnings and free cash flow. When combined with our dividend, we expect to deliver a total shareholder return of at least 12% annually. Now we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question we have comes from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Hi, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. First question, with regards to the 2018 guidance, earlier in the year, Tom and Andrés, when you had talked about 2018, you had told us, net-net, it’s about $0.20 higher than 2017. [Indiscernible] somewhere $1.25 range. But now you’re telling us low to mid-teens, which implies a lower implied number for 2018. So what has changed for 2018?
Tom O’Flynn: Yes. Good morning, Ali. It’s Tom. I mean, yes, if you cut through the dis from the percentage increase, it’s part of our $0.05. I mean, first I’d say that we’re still in the final stages of our budget process, and we’ll come up with firm numbers in Feb. We just want to give people a general ballpark. There’s nothing major. I’d say, there’s – perhaps, there’s a couple of cents in the U.S. DPLs may be a little softer from the regulatory outcome and some plant closure numbers. And the rest is kind of a $0.01 here and a $0.01 there. But we’re still grinding through it.
Ali Agha: Okay. So I mean, could you get back to that $0.20 delta? Or do you think that’s a bit unrealistic here?
Tom O’Flynn: I mean, I think that’s certainly – we certainly always look for things to do more of. Andrés talked about really doing a very heavy look at costs across the company that we’re in the process of. So we certainly look for that. But that said, I think we want to give people a general expectation of where things were trending to. And so we’d probably be closer to $0.05 below. So it’s still a fair amount above 2017.
Ali Agha: Right, right. Second question, with regards to the asset sales, I just wanted to be clear. So previously, we had thought there would be a $500 million sale this year, which, I think you’ve confirmed, will be Masinloc. But now what you’re telling us is that probably still gets announced by year end, but you get the proceeds next year. Did I hear that right?
Tom O’Flynn: Yes. And just to be clear, earlier on in the year, we put a placeholder in for $500 million. There were different things that we were considering. It’s not clear that we can do $1 billion, that Masinloc will be – can do $1 billion and close that $1 billion by the end of 2018 and that the Masinloc process is quite deep in the process. We got very heavy interest. So yes, specifically with Masinloc, we expect to announce Q4 in the next, what, six weeks, and we expect to close it in the first half of 2018. But that $500 million was done before we had thought about a specific candidate. We think that Masinloc will be well in excess of that.
Ali Agha: Yes. And broadly speaking, when you look at the $2 billion number, I mean, is the motivation to essentially exit non-core markets, can you give some sense of [indiscernible]
Andrés Gluski: Yes, Ali, well, when we started, we were in 28 countries. When we exit the Philippines, we’ll be in 15. We’ve always said that somewhere between 12 to 15 countries is kind of our probably we thought that where we would end up. So I think it’s looking more like a dozen. And of course, we never announce anything before the sale is actually done. So some of it will be exiting some countries, and some of it will be selling down from certain assets. And in some cases, may be selling down a portion of the assets. For example, as we did recently in the Dominican Republic, to realize value. I think the important thing is that where we want to end up and what does that portfolio look like. And as we said, it will be simpler. It will be in less countries. It will be less carbon-intensive. And we will be, if you will, sort of turning capital into growth areas where we get higher returns and then sitting on some existing assets.
Ali Agha: Okay. Last question, Andrés, if I could. I’m sure you’ve been keeping an eye on what’s been happening in the IPP merchant power space. Companies have basically concluded that the public markets are not giving them credit for their portfolios. Many are going private. They’ve been sold. Major restructurings happening. Are there any lessons learned for AES given how your stock gets valued in the public markets today?
Andrés Gluski: Well, I will say – well, I think the lessons – I mean, we moved to get out of merchant generation, I think, on a timely basis. I think we’ve exited a number of markets that since I’ve been troubled on a timely basis, and I think we’ve generally sold our assets at very good prices. So we didn’t do really any sort of fire sales. We waited in some cases until the contracts ran out. Now if you look at our strategy, we’re moving into much more contract, and we’re lengthening our average contract versus what we have even today. So I think we have a quite different strategy from most. I think we’re changing our risk profile. We’ve significantly derisked. I’m sure you’ll notice that on this call, we did not talk about the weather in Brazil. That used to be the main focus of these calls, quite frankly. And we have been able to derisk from the way we’ve contracted. I think, as Tom mentioned, when we deconsolidate Eletropaulo, it will make a better correlation between really our economic, our financial profile and our consolidated profile. And lastly, we’re moving aggressively to become investment-grade. So I think on all these fronts, I think our strategy has been considerably different from other firms, which have remained less contracted and also, quite frankly, which aren’t moving into the newer technologies. So I think we have the advantage of being in more rapidly growth markets and being well-positioned. Having said that, ever since I’ve been CEO and Tom’s been CFO, I mean, we have looked at all alternatives, and we periodically have third parties come in and look and say is there any way we can sustainably add value to the company? So we’re always open to these any ideas, but we’re only going to do things which makes sense for the company in terms of a sustainable company. So we’re open to all alternatives. I’ve seen the – some of these. And obviously, in the sector, there’s been a lot of consolidation to take out costs, but we’ve taken a lot of costs. And we’re also, as we’ve said on this call, going to be aggressively looking at our cost structure. This is partly the result, I’d say, of the actions we’ve taken, the systems we’ve put in place and also the simplification of our portfolio.
Ali Agha: Thank you, Andrés.
Operator: The next question we have will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So maybe let me follow up a little bit on the asset sale strategic positioning here. Can you talk about how you think about the – let’s not talk about the IPP peers but the YieldCos and just the overall market subsector there. How do you think about yourself relative to that sector? And how do you think about desirability that you recycle capital in that direction, i.e., I hear you guys talk about more asset sales. I hear you expanding your renewable platform as it stands today. Can you provide any further thoughts just putting all these pieces together?
Andrés Gluski: Yes. That’s a great question. When you remember, when YieldCo’s first started, it was a lot of, I’d say, questions we were getting from various people like, why don’t you do a YieldCo? And one of our concerns was not to have a – to be sort of committed to growth in case markets turned. And I think, in general, that has been the, right now, the right decision. Now if you look at what we’re doing today, we did mention, for example, that on sPower, we are looking at selling down a portion of the operating assets to enhance our returns and be able to move that money into new projects, the 10-gigawatt-plus pipeline where we think we can improve our average return. So in that sense, we, I think, have shown that we can access private money. We’ve raised about $3.8 billion over the last six years of partner equity, including – from the large Canadian pension funds. So in that sense, I think that our view is that we are very interested in coming up with ownership structures, which are win-wins, where we provide for people looking for long-term, stable, investment-grade assets. And at the same time, it allows us to reduce our participation and improve our returns be it through management fees or promote – or development fees. So that is part of the market. Now I think where we’re somewhat different is that we see the advantage of having a platform in these countries. So for example, having a strong partner in Mexico opens a lot of opportunities for us in renewables. Having a strong position in various markets opens that up. So we want to use our scale and in cases, integrate the new renewables with our existing assets because, obviously, energy prices from renewables, in many cases, are lower. But if you can integrate that with the capacity from existing assets, you can have some very interesting propositions for your customers. In the longer term, we think batteries can supply that in many markets. But right now, we see that opportunity. So to answer your question, we have approached the problem from a sort of customer-centric position. We’re taking advantage of our platforms, and we’re bringing in capital and selling down when we see the opportunity that, that would improve our returns.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Now just in thinking through committing to any kind of structure, would you be open to investing in a third-party structure to establish an independent acquisition vehicle? And if so, to – how would you think about establishing that just given the discrepancies in multiples and the perceived accretion or dilution involved just at the outset?
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think, again, if you think of something like sPower, we have a partnership with them. sPower, as we’ve said in the past regarding acquisitions, we would look opportunistically at that. If we think that there are acquisitions where we have significant synergies, it’s 2 plus 2 equals 6, add to that portfolio. On the other hand, we’re not looking right now at sort of big acquisitions, et cetera. We’re sort of looking at asset acquisitions that could enhance that portfolio. And as I said, if there are interested parties in taking a portion of that from the sPower JV, that’s fine as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. I’ll leave that there. Can I move a little bit further down to the Gener level? Just curious, in light of the developments on the Alto Maipo side, how are you viewing cash distributions back to the parent right now? Obviously, things are somewhat fluid there vis-à-vis finalizing up the EPC, et cetera. I suppose plan – you’re moving ahead with plan, and you don’t necessarily anticipate any limitations in terms of distributions given any credit concerns that, that’s up.
Andrés Gluski: I think this is a – the negotiations in Alto Maipo are proceeding. The Alto Maipo team and Gener team are doing a great job. I would say that Gener will remain an investment-grade company, that any equity contributions from Gener to the Alto Maipo project would maintain that investment grade, will be very – looking at the sort of marginal returns of that investment. And we don't expect it to significantly affect any dividend distributions from Gener into the future. So those are the things. Now we've also said that should we decide not to proceed with the project, that would also, in terms of the cash distributions from Gener, those would continue, although they might take a different form in terms of like return of capital. So we're looking at both. We will be very disciplined. On the other hand, we think that there is a win-win solution here, which would be good for all parties, including, obviously, Chile and Chile electric system from completing the project.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And is there anything, just lastly, coming back to what Ali was talking about, reason why you're not including the full $2 billion in your pie chart there around use of cash? I imagine maybe it's just too early to anticipate what exactly and what form it takes or you tell me how specific you are in your asset sales at this point.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, Julien, it's Tom. I'd say that traditionally, we put things up here when they're either announced or close to being announced. So I think we feel very comfortable that we've got a good line of sight on $1 billion. Execution is underway. Good comfort with being able to sign near-term close, certainly next year, if not in the first half of the year. So as we continue to think through more businesses, assets, et cetera, that make a win to that, then we would expand that piece accordingly.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just a quick...
Andrés Gluski: I mean, you know that when we first announced that we'd be doing asset sales, I believe we used a number of around $1 billion. I think we're at $4 billion now. We announced Cal's, as we've said, $100 million. We're at $200-million-plus now. So generally, we just want to be, as Tom was saying, have a real clear line of sight. Now obviously, we have a number of opportunities that would make sense from a strategic plan that I outlined that we think can easily get us to that $2 billion number by 2020.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to be clear, in setting an expectation here, would you expect any of this to be EPS dilutive or accretive to the extent to which you kind of know which assets you're thinking about here against the plan?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. I think it's a mixture. Certainly, some could be accretive, some that could be dilutive. I think if you look at the overall group, there is some modest dilution. I think we factored that into our overall growth rate. I think some of the incremental cost efficiencies we plan to put in place may give us the offsets to be able to transition the portfolio and also meet our numbers.
Andrés Gluski: Yes. And what I'd say is we are – our overriding objective is to meet that 8% to 10% growth rate we've committed. So there will be puts and takes, like Tom said, but it won't affect us reaching our objectives.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And you guys didn't raise your cost target for the long term here, right? Obviously, there's some shifts, but.
Andrés Gluski: No, not specifically. We just – it's something we're evaluating, and we'll talk more about it on our year-end call in Feb.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you for taking some of the questions. Appreciate it. Have a good day.
Operator: Next, we have Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Hi, guys good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning.
Greg Gordon: So just want to make sure I heard you correctly in the response to Julian that the – you see the incremental cost cutting announcement as supplementing your ability to hit the 8% to 10%. You don't think you'll be in a position to move that range as a function of that, and that's partly because of the friction that might happen when you reposition the portfolio through these assets sales and redeploy that capital. Is that a fair summary?
Andrés Gluski: What I'd say as a summary, the additional cost cuts that we're working on and will announce in the fourth quarter will give us additional comfort of hitting that range. So this is – it's additional to what the cost cuts we've announced in the past. On the other hand, we're not changing that guidance range. It will give us additional comfort. Because as we – as Tom said, there's puts and takes, so we want to make sure that we hit our numbers.
Greg Gordon: Well, what are some of the takes that happened since you last gave the guidance that are – where these cost cuts are going to fill in there?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. No. Greg, my comment on puts and takes is more on EPS impact from certain sales. Some are accretive, some are dilutive.
Greg Gordon: Got you. And I just wanted to make sure that was clear. The second question I have is, and I feel like it's déjà vu all over again with this, the stock is obviously down a lot. It's performing okay today. But if consensus expectations for your earnings are right, the return on buying back your stock is in excess of the return – average expected return on the investments you're making. There's no placeholder in your capital plan, whatsoever, for buybacks. Just I really am a little bit agitated by that, and I want to understand your thinking.
Andrés Gluski: Well, we have done a considerable amount of buyback over the years, and we do have an outstanding approval. So we're not saying that we're – won't do buybacks. We're just not announcing any specific buybacks at this point in time. So obviously, we are not happy at all with where our stock is trading, and we always consider that. But I think that at this point, we're undergoing a transition program, and I think it will be very important that we deliver on our numbers. But certainly, we're not saying that we won't do stock buybacks.
Greg Gordon: Can you remind us what the outstanding authorization is for the buyback?
Andrés Gluski: Currently, we have $250 million still remaining on our prior authorization.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Look, Andrés, I look at the reinvestment you're making in the business and how you're repositioning it, and I think it's very attractive. So I'm not arguing that what you're doing to reposition the company is not well thought out and obviously you have a plethora of opportunities. The issues that the return on a buyback at these prices is like a mid- to high-teens ROE. And the return on the investments you're making, even though they're very attractive, is not as attractive as the stock. So I think you really need to consider being more aggressive with the market and show them that you have confidence you can hit your targets by buying back the stock when it's attractive.
Andrés Gluski: Point taken, Greg. As I said, we've – today, we're returning through the dividend about 55% of our parent free cash flow. So I think we remain committed to giving money back to our shareholders, and we have done, I believe it's about $1.5 billion of stock buybacks, at least over the past five years. So I certainly don't want to say that this is off the table, and point taken.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions)] Next, we have Lasan Johong of Auvila Research.
Lasan Johong: Hi Andrés, Thanks for taking my question. I just want to make a quick comment. I am very much opposed to share buybacks. It does not create value. It's a waste of money. You're shoving money out of your left pocket and putting in your right pocket. And other than signaling purposes, it's a waste of capital. Moving on, please. I'm assuming, since you're selling the Philippine, you're not doing Masinloc 2?
Andrés Gluski: Masinloc 2 is under construction. The construction is going well, and that would be part of...
Lasan Johong: No, I understand that. But are you going to finish that construction? Or is that part of the sale of Masinloc?
Andrés Gluski : Well, we would finish the construction under our contract for the new seller.
Tom O'Flynn: So we'd expect the – it's Tom. Just to clarify, we'd expect the sale to close before the construction is complete. And it's – the construction is going very well. It's pretty clean. It's got an EPC, so it's not a material issue.
Lasan Johong: No, I understand that. But when you say you're selling Masinloc, are you're selling Masinloc 1 only? Or Masinloc 1 and the construction project?
Tom O'Flynn: No, 1 and 2. We're selling the business. We see this one...
Lasan Johong: Okay. Great. The – a couple of years ago, Argentina instituted an accounts receivable financing of new generation, and people were kind of skeptical. Can you give us a view as to whether it's working out or not working out in Argentina with that accounts receivable financing?
Andrés Gluski: Sure. I’d say, first to say that Argentina has really made a comeback. I think, starting from the top level as the – politically, as you know, they had a recently elections for Congress, and Macri’s party got 40% of the vote, much more than people had expected. So the reforms are going forward in Argentina. In our sector, they’ve made very important reforms: one is dollarizing; second is increasing moderately, prices – retail prices but also generation. And they will move towards a liberated market. People forget, but in the 1990s, Argentina had one of the best regulations on the planet in terms of liberated markets. So Argentina is doing much, much better. Our business is doing much, much better. We had two years where we did not receive dividends from Argentina, even though the business has always made money. So it’s obviously, we perceive much more dividends and making much more money. Getting to your point about this was the FONINVEMEM, one of the more difficult acronyms we have to pronounce. They have been paying the interest on the FONINVEMEM. These are actualized. Part of the bonds are tied to the completion of actual generation assets. In this case, it was the Guillermo Brown as being the largest one. So that plant is up and running. So that whole – and what I would put it was basically part that the CAMMESA would take part of your payments and essentially give you these bonds and use the funds to build a new asset. But they have paid interest. The plants have been completed, so that – that’s going well.
Lasan Johong: Okay, great. I’m a little confused about Fluence. The existing energy storage facility, is that part of – going to be – going forward, is it going to be part of Fluence? Or is that separate, and then Fluence will be a new stock with new projects?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. What I’d say is, look, we have about 228 megawatts of energy storage facilities on our platform. Those are not being sold. Those remain with AES because they’re our assets. Fluence is a joint venture to develop and to sell our Advancion 4 product, and Advancion 5 that will be coming out, and Siemens’ Siestorage product. So we both contributed a product to this. With the net result is that we’re the only, let’s say – Fluence is the only firm which can offer the full gamut from commercial and industrial small units to the largest utility scale, 100-plus megawatt energy storage. So we’ve combined those two. So we’re moving R&D together. Fluence will be doing that. We will be taking advantage of Siemens’ platform, and we’ll be taking advantage of Siemens’ sales force. Siemens is active in 160 countries. It’s been selling electric equipment for more than 100 years, so it has a great brand name. So we think bringing these together is very, very powerful. And we really don’t see anybody else like it in the market, at least today. So the point is this will be a separate company, a JV. It’s 50-50. Siemens and us. We’re both contributing people to that project. It will use Siemens’ sales force. When we put energy storage on, say, our solar projects, that sPower, we’re a client. So it’s separating the two. So we expect this to grow very quickly. As we say – have said in the past, we don’t expect any cash or earnings contributions for, say, two more years during this rapid growth phase and thereafter. But we think it should be a very valuable company within a time period of five years. We’ve done things like this before, just to remind people, in the case of Brazil, we had rights of way. We developed a broadband supplier. This is a company we sold for $1 billion to Telecom Italia a couple of years ago  So we think this could grow very rapidly. But again, it’s separate from us. We will continue to do energy storage. For example, on Southland, we have a contract with Southern California Edison for 100-megawatt facility. That will be ours under potentially a contract with Southern California Edison. That’s not part of Fluence. It will buy the equipment from Fluence.
Lasan Johong: Got it. One last question. AES stock lag, if you leave the DOE report for August, they’re pretty much suggesting that in a high renewables area, base-load plants are either going to be obsolete or they’re going to have to get paid for things that are not currently being compensated for, such as Brazilian characteristics and reliability characteristics. Does that worry you that AES Southland is being built as a CCGT, not as a SCGT facility?
Andrés Gluski: No, because of the contract we have. I mean, I think that when you speak about it, it would – what I think is interesting is that with energy storage, we’re seeing that regulations. And they have a lot of – they do a lot of things, which aren’t translated in the current regulation. All over the world, what we’re doing is, let’s say, testing and actually, certifying some of our coal plants to run at lower MINs [ph] to give them greater flexibility to be ready for that future. But I don’t know, Tom, do you want to add anything?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. No, Andrés said, I’d just add that our California plant, the one that’s under construction in Southland, has got very good flexibility. That’s what the SoCal Ed was focused on. So it’s got quick ramp capacity and low MINs, and it’s also in a very critical location in the transmission infrastructure. Just, what is it, 30 miles south of L.A. So those are all things that I think we’re taking into account in our proposal and SoCal Ed’s request for bid now two years, two and a half years ago. Just in terms of the overall DOE proposal, given that we’re essentially getting out or will be out of the merchant generation business mid-next year, we don’t see it as a major impact. I suppose we’re closing a couple of coal plants down to the extent that another party looks and says that’s an opportunity for them to step in, we’re certainly open to those kinds of ideas.
Lasan Johong: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Well, at this time, we’re showing no further questions. We’ll go ahead and conclude our question-and-answer session. I will turn the conference back over to Mr. Ahmed Pasha for the closing remarks. Sir?
Ahmed Pasha: We thank everybody for joining us on today’s call. We look forward to seeing many of you next week at the EEI Conference. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: And we thank you sir and to the rest of the management team for your time also today. Again, the conference call has concluded. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Thank you, again, everyone. Take care, and have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - VP of IR Andrés Gluski - President and CEO Thomas O'Flynn - CFO
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Consulting Chris Turnure - JP Morgan Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the AES Second Quarter 2017 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, if you are listening to the webcast please mute your computer speakers before asking questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Brendan. Good morning and welcome to AES's second quarter 2017 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Ahmed. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our second quarter 2017 financial review call. Today, I will discuss our financial results and provide updates on our projects under construction, capital allocation, and cost savings. These actions are the foundation of our expected 8% to 10% average annual growth in earnings and cash flow. Since our previous call in early May, we have made significant progress on a number of key objectives for 2017. At the same time, we experienced a setback at one of our construction projects Alto Maipo in Chile. I will discuss Alto Maipo in detail in a moment, but first I would like to highlight our accomplishments since the first quarter call. In the second quarter, better availability and lower Parent interest contributed to an $0.08 improvement in our adjusted EPS of $0.25. Based on our year-to-date performance and outlook, we are reaffirming our 2017 guidance and expectations through 2020. We successfully completed the expansion of our DPP gas-fired plant in the Dominican Republic. We secured $2 billion in non-recourse financing on favorable terms and make ground on our 1.4-gigawatt Southland Repowering project in California. With the exception of the 531-megawatt Alto Maipo project, our 4.7 gigawatts under construction are progressing well, and remain on track to be completed through 2020. We closed the acquisition of sPower, the largest independent solar developer in United States, to increase our long-term contracted U.S. dollar-denominated renewable portfolio. To take advantage of our leadership position in energy storage, we announced a 50-50 joint venture with Siemens, to create a global energy storage technology and services company. We are on track to achieve our $400 million per year cost reduction and revenue enhancement program. Not turning to Alto Maipo on slide four. As we've discussed in the past, the project has experienced construction difficulties, resulting in projected cost over and above to 22%. Since our previous call in May, productivity by the construction contractors has been slower than anticipated. And Alto Maipo terminated one of the projects contractors for performance reasons. Nonetheless, construction of the project is continuing and Alto Maipo has been engaged in discussions with potential replacement contractors and the non-recourse lenders to address these challenges. The Alto Maipo project is looking for modified construction contracts and flexibility in financing terms. But it is uncertain efforts will ultimately be successful. Having said that, I would like to emphasize that. First, our total exposure to the project is approximately $415 million. 87% of which has already been invested. Second, as we were for the challenges at Alto Maipo, we will be disciplined when it comes to the valuating any incremental investment from ASN [ph] in Alto Maipo. And third, we do not expect any material impact on our 2017 guidance and expectations through 2020. As we had already substantially reduced our expectations from Alto Maipo, when we provided our long-term outlook in May. The developments at Alto Maipo are obviously very disappointing. As over the past five years, we have completed 6 gigawatts of projects on time and on budget. Turning now to the rest of our construction program, beginning on slide five. We recently completed the 122-megawatt expansion of our DPP gas-fired plant in the Dominican Republic. By closing the cycle DPP now has 358 megawatts of capacity. There will be one of the lowest cross generators in the Dominican Republic. The additional 122 megawatts are contracted under long-term U.S. dollar-denominated PPA. The budget cost of $260 million was a 100% funded through non-recourse set at AES Dominicana. Next, turning to our 671-megawatt Eagle Valley CCGT in Indiana, on slide six. We remain confident there is a project we'll achieve commercial operations in line with our prior expectation of the first half of 2018. The EPC contractor, CBI has created positive momentum by subcontracting some of the critical work and right now there are presently a thousand workers onside. CBI is working to achieve substantial completion by year-end 2017. Now turning to our 1.4-gigawatt Southland Repowering project in California, on slide seven. As you know, the 2.3 billion Southland Repowering project is a key component of our strategic objective to increase our U.S. dollar based long-term contracted position. In June, we issued $2 billion in non-recourse step with the 4.5% yield and the 14-year average life. This financing demonstrates the strength of the project, which has 20 years PPAs with Southern California Edison. The project not only includes the 1.3 gigawatts of gas-fired capacity, but also includes a 100 megawatt of 4-hour duration energy storage. 400 megawatt hours. Making it the largest energy storage facility in the world as well as the largest non-recourse financing ever that includes battery-based energy storage. The Southland CCGT will be constructed by Kiewit under fixed price turnkey EPC contracts. Kiewit is one of North America's largest engineering and construction contractors with the successful track record of completing similar projects in California. We recently broke ground on the project and expect completion in the first half of 2020. Turning to slide eight. As I said earlier, a site from Alto Maipo, we are making good progress across all of our construction projects, including our thermal plant OPGC2 in India and our CCGT and LNG regasification terminal, Colón in Panama. These projects will be a key contributor to our earnings and cash flow grow through 2020. Beyond our current construction program, we're primarily focusing our growth investments on natural gas and renewable projects with long-term US dollar-denominated contracts. This will contribute to our growth in our cash flow and earnings, will also reducing our average carbon intensity. To that end over the last few months, we have made significant problems towards re-positioning our portfolio. Specifically, as you can see on slide nine, we completed the acquisition of 1.7 gigawatts, which includes sPower 1.3 gigawatts of solar and wind projects in the United States. We also recently closed on the acquisition of 386 Alto de Sertão spinning wind farm in Brazil. This project will help diversify Tietê's fuel mix and hydrological risk. With an average remaining contract life of 18 years, the project will also help to reduce future exposure to short-term price movements. These 600 million Real acquisitions, was funded entirely with debt capacity at Tietê. With these acquisitions, AES is operating renewable portfolio increases to 9 gigawatts for approximately one-quarter of our durable portfolio. Finally, through our efforts to capitalize on our development pipeline across our portfolio, we expect at least 1.5 gigawatts of solar and wind through 2020. In fact, we have already signed PPAs per 400 megawatts and we're in exclusive negotiations for another gigawatt. We have sufficient internally generated cash to fund our equity contribution for both our projects under construction and the development projects I just discussed. Turning to our energy storage business on slide 10, ten years ago we saw market need and created and deployed the first utility scale lithium iron batter on the grid. Since then we have remained a market leader having 476 megawatts of energy storage deployed or under contract in seven countries. Today, the world-wide install base per energy storage is around 3 gigawatts. But it is projected to grow to 28 gigawatts over the next five years, as energy storage prices decline and the penetration of intermittent renewable increases. To take advantage of our leadership position and this unique market opportunity, in July we're joining forces with Siemens, to create Fluence, a global energy storage technology and services company. The new 50-50 joint venture combines the scale, experience and resources of AES and Siemens and will offer both AES advance and Siemens sea storage battery based energy storage platforms. Fluence will continue to develop new storage solutions and services while leveraging the reach of Siemens global salesforce, which is active in more than 160 countries. The joint venture is expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year following regulatory approvals. Finally, turning to slide 11 and our cost savings and revenue enhancement initiative, as you know since 2012, we have achieved an annual run rate savings rate of $215 million. We are on track to achieve $50 million of incremental cost savings in 2017 and our $400 million run rate target by 2020. There are a number of work streams that we've established to capture these savings ranging from asset management to global sourcing to heat rate improvements. We're also continuing to standardizing our processes across all functional areas allowing for organization or consolidation. As a result, this year we're combing our Europe and Asia strategic business units, which will drive significant savings. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom to discuss our second quarter results, capital allocation and guidance in more detail.
Thomas O'Flynn: Thanks Andrés, and good morning. Today, I will review our second quarter results, capital allocation, and guidance. Overall, we had a strong quarter benefiting from higher availability several of our businesses and lower Parent interest expense. Turning to adjusted EPS on slide 13, second quarter results were $0.25, and $0.08 increase from 2016. Year-to-date, we've achieved 40% of guidance point consistent with our historical pattern. The quarter-over-quarter increase was primarily driven by higher margins, as availability improved at several of businesses primarily an MCAC in Argentina. They also benefited from paying down approximately 500 million of Parent debt since a year ago. Now to slide 14 and our adjusted PTC and consolidated free cash flow. We earned $243 million in adjusted PTC during the quarter, an increase of $83 million largely driven by higher margins and lower Parent interest. We generated $106 million of consolidated free cash flow, a decrease of $448 million from second quarter of 2016, which was driven by large collections receivables in Europe and Brazil SBUs in 2016. Now I'll cover SBUs in more detail over the next six slides, beginning on slide 15. In the U.S., our results reflect slightly lower margins primarily due to a true-up for deferred fuel cost following the rate case of IPL in 2016, as well as lower regulated ESP rates at DPL. Adjusted PTC increased marginally largely due to growth in our distributed energy business. Lower consolidated free cash flow also reflects the timing of working capital requirements at DPL. At Andes, our results reflect higher margins primarily due to higher availability in Argentina where our CTSN plant completed a major plant outage in the second quarter of last year. Although, margins increased adjusted PTC decreased due to lower capitalized interest related to completed construction projects in Chile and lower interest income in Argentina. In Brazil, our results reflect steady margins with lower cash flow due to the recovery of high purchase power cost in 2016 from prior droughts and our distribution business Eletropaulo. It's worth mentioning on a full-year basis, we continue to expect low hydro conditions in Brazil. But the impact will be much less than prior years due to changes we've made to our hedging strategy. We now have about 80% contracted in 2017, which leaves us well-positioned to absorb hydro shortfalls. In Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, our results reflect higher margins driven primarily by availability in Dominican Republic, Mexico and Puerto Rico. As you may be aware our offtake in Puerto Rico, PREPA recently filed for bankruptcy which result in a technical default of our non-recourse debt. AES Puerto Rico continues to provide the lowest cost generation on the island and accordingly is being fully dispatched and paid. We're working constructively with the lenders and continue to monitor the bankruptcy proceedings closely. In Europe, our results reflect higher capacity margins in United Kingdom. Consolidated free cash flow decreased due to the collection of overdue receivables in 2016 at Maritza in Bulgaria. Finally, in Asia, our results reflect steady margins and slightly high working capital primarily due to the timing of fuel payments at Masinloc in the Philippines. Now to slide 21, an update on our filing at DP&L in Ohio. As you may know, in March, we reached a settlement agreement with Commission's staff and certain interveners in our EFP case. The agreement includes a distribution modernization writer [ph] totaling $105 million per year over three years with a two-year extension option. The ultimate goal is to transform DPL into a stable and growing T&D business. To that end, DPL is selling or exiting all of its 2.1 gigawatts of coal-fired capacity by mid-2018 and is exploring strategic options for the remaining 1 gigawatt of gas-fired peaking capacity. The post-hearing briefing in the EFP case concluded on May 15th and we expect final approval by the Commission this quarter. Ruling consistent with the settlement agreement, we helped DPL continue to reduce leverage and transition to investment grade rating. Now to slide 22, and our improved credit [ph] profile. This year, we have prepaid $300 million of Parent debt targeting some of our highest coupons bonds resulting in an annualized interest rate as $20 million. This brings our total Parent debt to $4.4 billion, which is a $2.1 billion or about a one-third reduction since 2011. Also in the second quarter, we refinanced an additional $500 million Parent debt, which will reduce our interest expense by $15 million per year. Through disciplined debt reduction and strong growth in Parent free cash flow, we expect to attain investment grade credit metrics by 2020. We continue to believe this will help us to not only reduce our cost of debt and improve our financial flexibility, but also enhance our equity valuation. Now to our 2017 Parent capital allocation on slide 23, which is in line with our prior disclosure. Sources on the left-hand side reflects $1.5 billion of total available discretionary cash, which includes about $625 million of Parent free cash flow. As we discussed last quarter, in addition to the $300 million we received from the sale of Sul in Brazil, we continue to target $500 million in asset sale proceeds. We expect to announce by the end of the year, however received a proceed may take a bit longer possibly into early 2018. One of the uses on the right-hand side of the slide, include the dividend increase we announced in December will be returning almost $320 million to shareholders this year. We allocated $340 million to prepay Parent debt, as I just discussed. We've allocated $382 million for our acquisition of sPower and plan to invest $350 million in our subsidiaries, the majority of which is for new projects under construction in late-stage development. After considering these investments in our subs, debt repayment in our current dividend were left with roughly $100 million of discretionary cash in 2017. Now looking to our capital allocation over the next four years on slide 24. Our portfolio will generate $3.8 billion of discretionary cash due 2020, which was largely driven by Parent free cash flow. This internally generate cash is sufficient to fund our dividend and construction projects. We'll also provide a capital to further create shareholder value through dividend growth, reducing leverage and opportunistic investments in our development pipeline including renewable projects, Andrés has discussed. Finally, at in slide 25, based on our performance year-to-date in foreign currency, in commodity forward curves as of June 30th, we're reaffirming our 2017 guidance and expectation for 8% to 10% average annual growth due 2020 for our metrics. Overall, we remain confident that we can deliver attractive growth to our shareholders in 2020 and beyond. With that, I'll now turn it back to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. Before we take your questions, I would like to summarize today's call with the following takeaways. We're encouraged with the performance of our portfolio during the first half of the year. We're exploring all options to address the construction challenges at our Alto Maipo project in Chile. And we are hopeful that we will reach a resolution before your end. To drive our near-term growth, we are on track to complete our remaining projects under construction and our revenue enhancement and cost reduction initiatives. We have made significant progress towards repositioning our portfolio by adding renewables in natural gas with long term, U.S. dollar denominated contracts. We have continued to reduce our leverage to improve our credit profile and achieve investment grade metrics. Accordingly, we are reaffirming our 8% to 10% annual growth through 2020 in all key metrics including free cash flow earnings and dividend. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning, Andrés Gluski and Tom first question, so when we look at the first half results, how does that position you when you look at the range for the year, now that half the year is over, can you give us some more color on how you're trending within that range?
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, it's a - most of that is 40% of year-to-date, we tend to be somewhat seasonal towards the second half, so it puts us right within the range and right within our guidance.
Ali Agha: Okay. And Andrés on the - on Alto Maipo, as you mentioned, expect to have a resolution before year-end, assuming you too decide to walk away from the project and take the write-off as supposed to the risk of further construction delays et cetera, would that in any way impair and Gener ability to dividend cash up to the Parent, if there is a write-off et cetera?
Andrés Gluski: No, we expect to receive the cash from Gener, I mean there may be somewhat of a difference in terms of dividends versus return of capital. But otherwise, it will not affect our expected cash from Gener. In the short-term it actually provides more cash at Gener, and Gener is doing very well from a cash basis.
Ali Agha: And so, I know that the rating agencies had put them on some credit watch et cetera, any rating downgrade et cetera would not impair their ability to dividend cash up.
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, it's important that and Gener maintain its investment grade rating. And Gener I would expect AES Gener to take all steps to maintain its investment grade rating.
Ali Agha: Okay. And final question, your message is pretty clear, you're executing, you're hitting what the track guidance that you laid out for us. Yet you stock stays caught up in this very narrow range doesn't seem to be reacting to the results that you are posting. Does that cause you to step back and take a more holistic or a bigger picture view on what it will take to get your stock up and especially when you look at that capital allocation pie chart that you've showed us over the next few years. Does that cause you to rethink how you'd like to reinvest some of that unspoken for cash or some other steps that you think are required given that your stock does not seem to be reflecting the results you're posting?
Andrés Gluski: It's a great question, Ali. Periodically since I became CEO, five years ago, we have used third parties to look at our strategy and look at our execution talking about banks, I am talking about consultants. To look at our strategy, and to look at our execution and see if there is any that we can increase value creation for our shareholders. So, we've continue to do that to have a really so give them card plants and say, okay, this is our portfolio, this is our plan, what we can do better? Now based on that, what we are seeing, if we execute on our plan, we expect our stock to react. And so, we really have to have a development of several quarters of hitting our numbers. Here is hitting our numbers and execute on these projects. Then execute on our cost savings. And if we do that, we think that our stock will react. Now, obviously, we are 70% filled outside of the U.S. 50% approximately in Latin America. And the last five years have - you've seen a secular decline in commodity prices and in Latin America. Now, we are starting to see turnaround in some other countries. I mean Brazil has actually stopped declining in terms of GDP. It's flat and starting to turn up. Argentina is doing much better. And certainly, Argentina is one case where we've seen the country to do significantly better. So, our forecast is based on a continuation of the current situation, but I think if you start seeing a turnaround from some of these countries that would-be upside.
Ali Agha: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I have a question about - but first okay. So, you just acquire [indiscernible] can you tell us how it adds to the 8% to 10% earnings growth? And basically, just give us a sense of what are the biggest drivers behind the earnings growth for the 2020?
Andrés Gluski: Sure, Angie. I think for sPower as you know has a pipeline of around 10 gigawatts. But as you saw in what we were forecasting we have about less than 2 gigawatts over the next three years of growth coming from renewables and a good part of that is sPower. So, sPower has a number of facilities currently under PPA to be built. And it also is an exclusive negotiation for quite a lot of gigawatts well. So, that's one way we see it. We also see that it gives us a scale to be more competitive on renewables especially solar around the world. So, giving us to that scale to buy panels and balance of plan as cheaply as possible, improve our designs and then the same thing with wind. So, if you see what we've done lately, I mean we have quite a lot of renewable not only in the states, we have it on our platform whether it'd be Jaite [ph]. We have another project in Mexico which are both over 300 megawatts. And I would say that outside of the U.S., the returns tend to be higher, especially when we use our platform especially when we are financing it locally. So, all these platforms expansions we are looking at mid to higher-teens returns and we're looking at sort of low double-digits in the states for return. So, this is how they contribute them. I don't know if Tom, you'd like to add something.
Thomas O'Flynn: No, I think that covers at it mean. Angie, we showed some of the growth on page nine, I think those are relatively conservative because our focus on signed PPA and things with exclusive negotiations obviously we - the teams are focusing on bigger things, I think it's consistent from sPower perspective, it's consistent of what we said, we expect them to do about 500 megawatts a year of new projects probably three to four to start and six to seven of as you look over four to five-year period. So, slide nine would be generally consistent. And then also be generally consistent with our growth is driven by new projects, by continued cost management and few capital allocation and investments and things like sPower.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. With the assets that have already PPAs have you procured or has the company procured panels so that you don't have an issue with any pair of changes for imported panels?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, we have procured the panels, we have secured the panels for everything we have under PPA. Now of course you know in terms of the projects and advanced negotiation, we will match up the purchase of the panels with having the contract, we don't want to be long or short panels.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And for Alto Maipo, you keep showing that you've largely paid your equity investment into the project, but is this a signal that there is basically no scenario under which you're going to increase the equity commitment to the projects?
Andrés Gluski: Well, this really would be a decision at AES Gener and it would be strictly again AES Gener not an AES contribution. But it would have to be part of a complete solution, which includes greater financial flexibility and a modification of the contracts we have where the contractors are say stick to the milestones and stick to the progress that we expect from them. So, these are the two changes that we have to occur. Now having said this, if Alto Maipo is completed, will give AES Gener 750 megawatts of hydro next is country's load in Santiago and it's an asset that will last 100 years so we're evaluating the possibilities and we're trying to get everybody lined up and so as I said, we will have ourselves and AES Gener have indicated we will have a lot of discipline when it comes to any additional money, in addition to what's been committed.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hi. Good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Morning, Steve.
Stephen Byrd: Just two quick follow-ups on Alto Maipo briefly, just so I understand. If you were able to have construction contractors in place that we're able to firmly commit to the existing timeline etcetera with this higher budget is that sufficient to make an economic to complete the project or do you need essentially further concessions of some sort to make the project worthwhile complete?
Andrés Gluski: If I understand your question correctly if the contractors comply with the restructuring that we did earlier this year, that would be sufficient to me that we have sufficient funds to meet that plus have some contingency. So, yes that would adequate. What concerned us is we had to terminate one contractor it's the smaller of the two contractors but we really have to have a performance that's in line with what they had committed to.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Andrés, so essentially either the current contractor could assume that obligation or you could bring in another party but you would need that commitment in order to able to move forward.
Andrés Gluski: That's correct. We have to have modification construction contracts to make sure that they're delivering and don't miss the milestones in the targets.
Stephen Byrd: Okay, understood. Just shifting to the U.S. in terms of the remaining generation assets to be disposed of, is there a potential for significant tax loss that could be beneficial in the event of a disposition whether it's pull for cash or some of the assets are simply shutdown?
Thomas O'Flynn: Stephen, its Tom. There may be, remember we already have a large NOL, so anything that we had would really add to that NOL, but our NOL is over $3.5 billion at year end so…
Stephen Byrd: Just be additive to that yes…
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, I don't know the details of the closure of the coal plants. But it would be longer term NOL benefit.
Stephen Byrd: Okay, understood. And then just lastly on your storage joint venture very interesting development, assuming the business is successful on a joint venture basis. How generally would that impact your financials overtime? Would there be like I'm thinking about working capital contributions profits from project sales versus ongoing contracts in which you receive revenues? How, just sort a high level with this potentially impact your bottom-line knowing that it's early day still?
Andrés Gluski: Sure. As I said, this is a market that is expected to grow almost by a factor of 10 in over five years. So, obviously it's going to grow very quickly and that's going to require funds at the JV. So, we expect - we don't expect as significant contributions from the JV for two years, it might be a modest drag, very slight. And then afterwards, we would expect it to use that funds to continue to grow slightly. So, it'd be some time before we get cash back from the JV, if it successful and growing very quickly. But we would expect to use as non-consolidated subsidiary to have the earnings from that two years of going forward. So, this is I think very promising. It certainly a unique JV, because nobody has our experience, 19-year platform which has been used for 10 years and Siemens is globally reach. And one thing to understand is Siemens has also contributing their energy storage solution which consist storage, which is more sort of C&I, just smaller. So, the two are complementary, so this will allow us to have the full gambit. So basically, what we have in our guidance right now is very conservative, so JV does very well, there will be upside. But I would expect it to take two years to really start materializing, but we think this is very promising. Now, we will also have energy storage of our own on our platform and we will be a client affluent for our own projects. For example, such as Southland.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. And Andrés, just in terms of the types of margin you would get from this joint venture, could it be servicing margin what more likely to be essentially product sales margins? What kind of margin generally should we expect there?
Andrés Gluski: It will be a combination of both. So, obviously Siemens has a lot of experience on this. So, there will be a margin on the sale and then there will be a margin on services. And obviously you try to have a balanced. Again, there is a lot of interesting possibilities here, as you know there is Siemens has a financing hour to make this. So, we'll have to see how the market develops and what are the different options. So, we have a great team I think there is tremendous energies between the two and stay tune.
Stephen Byrd: Excellent. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lasan Johong with Auvila Research. Please go ahead.
Lasan Johong: Thank you. So, going back Alto Maipo very quickly I have a couple of follow-up questions. Does the new investment increase AES ownership we have in Jan, and with all 40% now it 62% really grown up until if you make an additional investment?
Thomas O'Flynn: Let see, we owned 67% of AES Gener. AES Gener to cover for a nominal's amount of the 40% that our share our partner had - our local partner had in Alto Maipo. So, now we have about a 93% share. So, it will depend on how the negotiations go, because the contract has 7%. So, as part of the solution, they could take a greater stake. So, I don't see anything meaningful happening to the sort of 62% like we one or two up but or down. So, we'll have to see but now it's not going to go up materially.
Lasan Johong: And if any [indiscernible] I know just start beside to answer more important continue to invest, you need to modify your long-term interim contract, offtake contract?
Thomas O'Flynn: No.
Lasan Johong: Okay. So, how do you preserve your ROE or ROI results?
Thomas O'Flynn: I'm sorry, the question is how do we preserve the ROE on Alto Maipo or overall on our...
Lasan Johong: Alto Maipo is you are investing more money, but you're not...
Thomas O'Flynn: That's fair. Obviously, Alto Maipo will not fulfill ROE expectations. We have been reducing them overtime. The decision what we made on the basis of marginal returns from marginal investments.
Lasan Johong: Okay. Also, just on Fluence, is one of the objective to research of funding and research and energy storage or Fluence experimentation.
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, Fluence is a commercial operation. We've always seen our energy storage is a business and a need to make profit for it. Now, Fluence will continue to upgrade the design, look at ways stripping out the cause, looking at new applications. I mean, one of the things we've only - I'd say there's a lot more applications for energy storage that have been deployed to date. So those are all those things that Fluence will do. So, there will be some design and some creations of innovation at Fluence. But it's not just a sort of or indeed for its own sake. It's exceptionally commercial orientation.
Lasan Johong: Yeah. I'm just wondering if you'll going to be R&D component. One last question from long-term perspective, 8% to 10% growth there are some utility in U.S. that are doing that kind of rate risk? What can AES do to boost that 8% to 10% growth rate going forward.
Thomas O'Flynn: I think again we're paying a 4% dividend and we're looking at 8% to 10% growth, that puts sort of 12% to 14% range. And we think we have upside from things like a recovery in the secular sort of cycle that we've seen in the countries - some of the countries where we operate and there have always been cycles in the last five years it's basically even in one direction, it's been down.
Lasan Johong: Yeah.
Thomas O'Flynn: The growth has been down in all these countries. We have things like Fluence, which would be upside. And the other thing to mention, if you compare us to U.S utilities is that I say two things, one, we're trading at a much lower PE, so as we improve our credit we would expect to have an uptick on our TE, same thing, if we deliver on our results. And the other thing, is we are in markets which are growing. Because it's in the states, we're doing what everybody is doing in terms of switching to gas, doing renewables. We have the upside of seeing with sPower and how can we incorporate more energy storage on to that base, but it's very - it's nice to be in countries where demand is growing anywhere from 5% to 10%. So again, we tend to be conservative on our estimates. We're using forward curves. And at some point, we think the cycles beginning to turn around.
Lasan Johong: Excellent. Thanks very much.
Thomas O'Flynn: Thanks, Lasan.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Chris Turnure with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Turnure: Good morning. You've touched on this a little bit, and definitely touched on in the press release and the announcement of Alto Maipo from a couple of weeks ago. But how can we think about the kind of exact contribution that's in your guidance right now through 2020 from that project? You have a substantial amount of growth over the next couple of year according my calculations that project could have released initially been a major contributor to that growth rate.
Andrés Gluski: On the numbers we're providing, it's absolutely minimal and significant through 2020.
Chris Turnure: Okay. So, when you say minimal, should we think about that as you pushing out an online date passed 2020 or into the middle of 2020 or just substantially lowering the returns from a fully operational project?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes. I would say when we looked at it put our guidance in February through 2020 we had dialed it back considerably. It had some modest contributions quite modest in 2019 and 2020. So, within our guidance range here, it was very modest. Obviously, if we extend it goes forward, it could have more meaningful, but as Andrés said. It's certainly much lower ROE, IRRs than we initially envisioned three years ago, when we went with the project.
Chris Turnure: Okay. That's great to hear. And then, also obviously your long-term guidance is still marked off of I think December 31st ForEx curves and things have gone very much in your favor since that time and you've announced and closed the sPower acquisition should we think about there being kind of other tailwinds to that growth rates versus your original expectations as well totally separate from Alto Maipo?
Andrés Gluski: So, there is various puts and takes our reaffirmation guidance today is based on four curves as of June 30th. We've done a lot of effort to reduce some of the evolve in foreign currencies we're now 80% U.S. dollar so to the extent there's any uplift that less than it has been also have hedges in place for on a rolling one to three-year basis depending upon where we are so net-net we're looking at forward curves as of June 30th.
Chris Turnure: Okay. And then lastly, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that there's still $500 million placeholder of asset of sales this year it might spill in terms of closure into early next year, can you kind of remind us of maybe strategically where you are in the process of divesting non-strategic assets, how far or long you are there and I don't know if the decision to, I guess merge the Asia and European business units kind of speaks to that directional a little bit as well?
Andrés Gluski: Sure. This is Andrés. As we said, we'll continue to sell assets and churn that capital. As you know this year we're likely to leave Kazakhstan being one less country. We have a number of sales going on some are for the whole asset and some are partial sell downs. So, we will let you know when these occur, we don't like to let them know ahead of time because we can have operations impacts. Thinking about our portfolio what we've always said is that we've gone from 30 countries. We'll be down to 16 by the year end anywhere between 12 and 15 is the right number. I think what's most important for us is that we really have platforms from which we can expand that their true synergies and economies of scale and rather than just a number of countries so we have two adjacent countries and the market's being integrated say something like Central America it's placed where it's in the number of countries than really what does it take to manage these assets well. So, we really look at those situations where we can add more value, we're more likely to sell down and we don't see expansion opportunities for sell down where we don't see synergies to sell down. So, as I think we said in the past to give the numbers of $200 million to $300 million ongoing - we'll continue to do this and to perfect our portfolio so as we've said we've been moving much more into dollar denominated contracts. We have a big expansion of gas whether it be Southland, whether it be Eagle Valley, whether Colon in Panama and also obviously renewables and our vision is how do you integrate all of these renewables plus the thermal or conventional energy to provide more attractive and competitive solutions for our clients.
Chris Turnure: Okay, great. Thanks, Andrés.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Hey good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: One just quick question on the slide, so looking at the first quarter slides the second quarter slides your commuted investments in some senior region has gone up from 425 to 700 and that came out of an allocated discretionary cash I'm presuming that that's capital commitments to the renewables business?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah, Greg, its Tom. We incorporated Southland.
Greg Gordon: Right that's right.
Thomas O'Flynn: Because we're fairly literal with our commitment so we certainly vision that we enclose the financing is a firm commitment so that's we got...
Greg Gordon: Okay. So, it's Southland it's not…
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas O'Flynn: Right. And back to the Southland financing is going to be pretty close to COD late 1920.
Greg Gordon: Got you. Okay, great. It's a merger sort of strategic question, do you guys see your renewables development flat form and your sort of renewables footprint for sort of being strategically complete? Or if there is an opportunity to do another big step out into renewables platform in the U.S. would you participate in that sort of looking at that opportunity, because it looks like there is a lot of portfolios for sale. There are - there is at least one growth type format, now that you said that they are looking to sell it partially or completely?
Thomas O'Flynn: What I would say Greg, we've made a big step-up, we have a good growth platform, not to say that we wouldn't opportunistic with some purchase that would add-on, but it would really, I have to provide operating synergies and other things. So, we're position with sufficient scale, especially when you think of us on a global basis. So, we certainly don't have to make any acquisitions at this time. And of course, we'll continue to be very disciplined, so I think it was very important to establish a beachhead which then allowed us to move to the direction of the market growing, but we certainly don't have to make any sort of follow-up if there were some assets that were adjacent to or provided synergies or gave us a bigger footprint with a particular client, we would look at those.
Greg Gordon: Okay. But there is not just asset for sale, I mean, let's be frank I mean NRG yield is for sale. And they're not just selling assets, they are looking the sale potentially the entire platform including their wind development business, their backlog of undeveloped projects, so theoretically that can really push your business mix into a whole different realm of tilting away from coal I mean in to renewables which is what you're trying to achieve here in first place, so I don't know how much you can comment on whether a strategic deal like that what you can be remotely in the ballpark of opportunity for you?
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, that's certainly is not high on our list. And what I can say we are on a gradual transition, our coal plants are under contract. Those which are merchant which will be the disposing of over the next couple of years, so we're making that big transaction, we have - between those dispositions in the U.S. but we've done in Kazakhstan in some other places, we've already reduced our coal fleet by a quarter in just a last couple of years.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thank you. Take care.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you. One clarification question on the - I guess it's for Tom on the long, I thought on the long-term guidance you don't update to the current June 30, marks, it's goes back to December. So just on the long-term guidance roughly the team currencies are [indiscernible] better commodities maybe worse, but just generally, if you did update would you still be in the rough ballparks of your growth rate?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah. I think Steve, bottom-line we would. I mean it's various puts and takes. Currencies have been help some commodity offsets if you said so, I mean we're kind of bundle them altogether and do a check at June 30, 2017.
Steve Fleishman: I see, okay.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yeah.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. Okay and then on the - in terms of the growth rate sPower renewables generally I think you mentioned 400 megawatts to PPAs already for 2020, is that correct?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, yeah, that's correct.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And is that, can you give us a breakout of that a little or at least kind of regionally U.S. versus non-U.S.?
Andrés Gluski: That's basically U.S.
Steve Fleishman: That's all U.S.
Andrés Gluski: Yeah.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just in terms of funding the growth of sPower, your plan is to basically would be able to fund that through internal year equity investment through internal cash?
Andrés Gluski: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Okay you don't - you're not looking to find other funding vehicles for that? No. Okay. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: To the - sorry. Keep in mind about 80% of the capital is funded through non-recourse debt and equity, it would expect to fund but to the extent there is other sources of funding that could hands returns we'll certainly keep our eyes open.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. Alto Maipo, Andrés is that still a tunneling issue.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, Alto Maipo, yes, we've done about 40% of the tunneling new project, if you take everything else civil works is more like at 53%, 54% completed. So, the main issue is the progress rates on the tunnels. Now, since one of the contractors left, we've had actual manufacturer working on the TBM internal boring machine, making better progress than they had. So, the issues really one of our tunneling rates and costs.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then just a second question, the fact that you're combining Europe and Asia, that sort of sand and signal committed the development pipeline as probably not as strong or you're making that decision cannot go as hard in the development knows countries. Is that a correct assessment on my part or am I reading or do you have anything else stay out at about why you're doing now?
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, I think it's a correct assess we're focusing more on certain markets, suddenly where we have the bigger footprint. So, sort of Eurasia Group, there is certainly some opportunities in northern island where we are looking at things in Vietnam, quite attractive and potentially some add-ons in India. We're doing our energy, the first grid scale energy storage project in India together with Tata Group. So, those are the three where we have the sort of some development activity going on in other countries we do not have any activity going on. But this is the result, we were leaving Kazakhstan as we've said and we've gotten out of number of countries as most of the countries that we've gotten out of actually we're in the Eurasia region. So, we will be making significant synergies. The headquarters will be in Amsterdam, which is better than from the States, you only have sort of six given our time difference with the region and its much closer from flights.
Charles Fishman: Okay, that's all I had. Thank you.
Thomas O'Flynn: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be happy to answer any question that you may have. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - VP of Investor Relations Andrés Gluski - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Consulting Charles Fishman - Morningstar Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the AES Corporation Quarter One Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions]. Also please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Ryan. Good morning and welcome to AES’s First Quarter 2017 Financial Review Call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés. 
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2017 financial review call. Today, I will discuss our financial results and provide updates on our strategy to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders.  Since our most recent call in late February, we have made significant progress on a number of key objectives for 2017. We advanced our construction program, which will be the major contributor to our cash flow and earnings growth over the next four years. We capitalized on our existing platforms to further enhance future growth by targeting long-term US dollar-denominated contracts. We have taken steps to decrease our covenant intensity and merchant exposure. These steps will reduce our financial and operational risk. We continued our efforts to strengthen our credit profile by prepaying $300 million of Parent debt. This also increases Parent free cash flow by lowering interest expense. We are on track to achieve our $400 million per year cost reduction and revenue enhancement program. I will discuss these achievements in more detail in a moment, but first I would like to summarize our financial results on Slide 4.  In the first quarter, we earned $0.17 of adjusted EPS versus the $0.15 we earned in the same period last year. We generated $546 million of consolidated free cash flow, $56 million higher than last year. Based on our first quarter performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are reaffirming our full year guidance for all metrics. Now I would like to turn to our strategic accomplishments. As you can see on Slide 5, we have 3.4 gigawatts under construction and expect it to come online through 2019. Overall, we have achieved significant progress on all of these projects.  Turning to Alto Maipo on Slide 6, as you may recall Alto Maipo is an expansion of our existing Alfalfal plant in Chile. As we discussed on our last call, the project has been experiencing tunneling challenges resulting in cost overruns estimated in the range of 10% to 20%. Over the past couple of months, we have made significant progress on this project. First, we have secured additional financing commitment for up to 22% of the project cost equivalent to $460 million including contingencies, of which $117 million will be funded by AES Gener and the remaining $343 million will be funded by the project lenders main contractor and minority partner. Second, Alto Maipo is now about 52% complete and we remain on track to reach COD in 2019.  Turning to Slide 7, at our Eagle Valley, CCGT in Indiana, the EPC contractor is sub-contracting some of the work in an effort to accelerate the recovery plan. On our February call, we’ve revised the completion date for this project to the first half of 2018.  However, the EPC contractor is projecting substantial completion before year end 2017. Although any delay is unfortunate, we have a fixed price contract with the EPC contractor under which they are incentivized to finish the project in a timely manner. The CCGT has achieved several important EPC milestones, and we expect first fire to occur in the third quarter. Turning to Slide 8, in our 1320 megawatt OPGC 2 project in India, we continued to make steady progress on construction and the project is expected to come online by the end of 2018.  Finally, turning to Slide 9 and Colón in Panama. I am pleased to report that we have reached a number of milestones on our Colón CCGT and LNG regasification facility in Panama. The LNG facility is efficient to handle 80 Terrra BTU annually.  Our CCGT will use about one quarter of the tank’s capacity leaving substantial upside potential to meet the fuel needs of additional power plants, ship bunkering services, and downstream commercial and industrial customers.  We will continue to focus on providing a cleaner, more cost-effective alternatives to oil-fueled power generation while at the same time satisfying a growing need for natural gas in Central America and the Caribbean.  To that end, on Friday, we announced that we have entered into a joint venture with ENGIE to market and sell LNG from our Panamanian LNG terminal to third parties in Central America. This joint venture will help us monetize the tank’s remaining capacity as additional LNG is sold using our terminal. It also further strengthens the agreement we signed last year to jointly market LNG in the Caribbean from our Andres regasification facility in the Dominican Republic. With ENGIE as our partner, and both Colon and Andres online, in 2019, we will have the leading position in Central America and in the Caribbean’s LNG regasification market.  Turning to Slide 10, as you know, we are the world leader in battery-based energy storage. We currently have 394 megawatts in operation, under construction, or in late-stage development not including the 82 megawatt of our advanced energy storage platform that we have sold to third-parties.  Since February, we have delivered 37.5 megawatts of four hour duration storage, the largest lithium ion energy storage installation in the world, the San Diego Gas and Electric. Following our successful commissioning of this project, San Diego Gas and Electric has awarded us another 40 megawatts four hour duration project. Although energy storage has significant potential for growth, at this point, we have not assumed any material contributions in our outlook.  Turning now to Slide 11 and our cost savings and revenue enhancement initiatives. This year, we are merging our Europe and Asia strategic business units which will drive significant savings. We are also continuing the work we began last year on standardization and improved sourcing and reliability. These initiatives put us on track to achieve $50 million of incremental annual benefits in 2017 and to hit our $400 million annual savings target by 2020. Now turning to our continuing efforts to reshape our portfolio beginning on Slide 12. As we have discussed on our recent calls, we have been repositioning our portfolio towards businesses that are less carbon-intensive and have long-term US dollar-denominated contracts. This repositioning is a key element of our strategy to reduce the risk of our portfolio. This year, we have already announced our plan to sell or shutdown 3.7 gigawatts of merchant coal-fired generation in Kazakhstan and Ohio. This is 26% of our total coal-fired capacity and 70% of our merchant coal-fired capacity. Specifically, we divested 1.7 gigawatts of coal-fired generation in Kazakhstan for net proceeds of $24 million. With this sale, our only remaining assets in Kazakhstan are two plants with 1 gigawatt of hydro capacity, which are under concession that expires in the fourth quarter of this year. We expect to exit Kazakhstan following the expiration of this concession. We have already announced the shutdown of 1.3 gigawatts of merchant, coal-fired capacity at DPL. Subsequently, we’ve also agreed to sell an additional 739 megawatts of DPL owned generation for $50 million in net proceeds. Although the Kazakhstan and Ohio merchant coal sales appear to have low value on a per kilowatt basis, on a PE basis, we managed to achieve a multiple of roughly nine times.  We will continue to update you as we make progress on additional asset sales to further reshape our portfolio.  Turning to new businesses. Slide 13 provides an update on our Southland Repowering in California. As a reminder, we were awarded 20 year PPA by Southern California Edison for 1384 megawatts of capacity which includes 100 megawatts of energy storage and 1284 megawatts of combining cycled gas capacity.  Last month, we received final environmental approval for the project. We are on track for financial close and to begin construction by mid-2017 with completion of the gas-fired capacity in 2020 and the energy storage capacity in 2021. We anticipate funding the $2.3 billion in total project cost with a combination of non-recourse debt and approximately $400 million in equity proceeds from AES.  Turning to Slide 14 and our pending acquisition of sPower. We continue to see the potential for adding 500 megawatts to 1 gigawatts of renewable contracted power annually with attractive low double-digit IRR. Furthermore, we see an opportunity to capitalize on the development skills of the sPower team to tap into the growing market for renewable PPA for large corporate and incorporating energy storage on their platforms.  We received the FERC approval for the transaction last month and expect to receive the remaining approvals and close no later than the third quarter.  As you can see on Slide 15, we are also making progress on renewable in Mexico, and Brazil. In Mexico, we were awarded exclusivity to negotiate 25 year US dollar-denominated PPA with private offtakers to build a 306 megawatt wind project and a 60 megawatt co-generation plant.  These are our first Greenfield developments in Mexico in many years and we see a number of other good growth opportunities in light of the market reforms implemented by the Mexican government. Lastly, we signed the acquisition of the 386 megawatts, Alto de Sertão wind farm in Brazil that we announced on our last call. This project will help diversify Tietê’s fuel mix and hydrological risk. With an average remaining contract life of 18 years, the project will also help to reduce future exposure to short-term price movements. This 600 million Real acquisition is being funded entirely with debt capacity at Tietê demonstrating once again our ability to utilize local debt capacity in order to grow our business and improve returns.  Turning to Slide 16, this brings us to our portfolio, which we expect to generate 8% to 10% average annual growth in all of our key financial metrics through 2020. This growth is largely driven by the completion of our projects under construction, our cost savings and revenue enhancement initiatives, lower interest expense, as we continue to delever, and attractive returns from recent acquisitions and our development pipeline.  We see further upside potential if we are able to capitalize on the LNG and energy storage opportunities I discussed earlier.  Turning to Slide 17, our portfolio will generate $3.8 billion in discretionary cash through 2020. This is largely driven by Parent free cash flow and the proceeds from asset sales. This internally generated discretionary cash is sufficient for us to meet our dividend growth commitment to fund our growth platform and reduce our corporate debt to achieve our strategic objectives. Overall, we remain confident that we can deliver attractive growth to our shareholders through 2020 and beyond.  With that, I will turn the call over to Tom to discuss our first quarter results, capital allocation and guidance in more detail. 
Thomas O'Flynn: Thanks Andrés, and good morning. Today, I will review our first quarter results and 2017 capital allocation. Overall, we had a solid quarter benefiting from higher margins at many of our SBUs and lower tax rates. We also generated strong free cash flow and made good progress on Parent debt reduction.  Turning to adjusted EPS on Slide 19, first quarter results of $0.17, a $0.02 increase from 2016. The increase was primarily driven by the tax rate, which was lower than first quarter 2016 rate, but higher than our expectation for full year 2017. Operations were relatively steady as benefit from a legal settlement in Brazil and foreign currency appreciation were largely offset by lower contributions at DPL in Ohio. Before moving on, I want to touch on $168 million impairment charges again this quarter that are not included in adjusted EPS. Almost all of this is related to the exit of merchant coal assets that Andrés mentioned namely, the 1.7 gigawatt sale in Kazakhstan and the planned shutdown of our 1.2 gigawatt Killen and Stuart plants at DPL in Ohio.  Now to Slide 20 and our consolidated free cash flow and adjusted PTC. We generated $546 million of consolidated free cash flow, an increase of $56 million from the first quarter of 2016. That was also largely driven by higher margins, as well as lower tax payments in Andes and MCAC SBUs. We also earned $190 million in adjusted PTC during the quarter, an increase of $5 million largely driven by higher margins.  Now I’ll cover SBUs in more detail over the next six slides, beginning on slide 21. In the US, our results reflects slightly lower margins primarily due to the impact of major planned maintenance at Hawaii and lower contributions from DPL due to lower regulated ESP rates. Adjusted PTC also decreased due to a gain on a contract termination that occurred in 2016 at DPL related to its competitive retail business. Lower consolidated free cash flow also reflects higher purchase power and fuel cost at DPL. At Andes our results reflects higher margins primarily due to higher reservoir levels and generating volume in Columbia. Consolidated free cash flow also reflects lower tax payments at Gener in Chile. In Brazil our results reflects higher margins, primarily driven by higher spot sales and energy prices at Tietê. Adjusted PTC also benefited from the settlement of the legal dispute at our CCBT Uruguaiana.  Consolidated free cash flow benefited from these impacts, but was partially offset by the recovery of high purchased power cost in 2016 from prior drivers and our distribution business Eletropaulo. It’s worth mentioning that while we are expecting the low hydro conditions this year in Brazil, the impact will be much less than it’s been in prior years, due to changes we’ve made to our hedging strategy.  We are now 83% contracted in 2017, which leaves us well positioned to absorb hydro shortfall. In Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, higher margins were driven primarily by higher availability in Mexico. Consolidated free cash flow also reflects lower tax payments in the DR. I’d also like to note that in the first quarter, the DR was awarded new five year PPAs to recontract 470 megawatts of existing capacity.  The PPAs were awarded in a competitive option and our cost efficient plant with the only capacity to clear. Pricing is in line with our existing PPAs and prior expectations. We are now 95% contracted for 2018 and 85% contracted for 2022. In Europe, our results reflects lower margins, largely due to the restructuring of the PPA at Maritza in Bulgaria in the second quarter of 2016.  Consolidated free cash flow increased due to lower CapEx for environmental projects completed in 2016 and higher collections in the United Kingdom.  Finally, in Asia, our results reflect steady margins and slightly higher working capital requirements at Mong Duong in Vietnam.  Now to Slide 27, an update on our filing at DP&L in Ohio. As you may know, last month we reached a settlement agreement with Commission’s staff and certain interveners in our EFP case. The agreement includes a distribution Modernization Rider totaling $105 million per year over three years with a two year extension earmarked for debt reduction. The ultimate goal is to transform DPL into a stable and growing T&D business. To that end, DPL has already announced plans to sell or exit all of its 2.1 gigawatts of coal-fired capacity by mid-2018 and is exploring strategic options for the remaining 1 gigawatt of peaking capacity.  Evidentiary hearing in the EFP case concluded April 11 with a final decision likely by late second quarter or early third quarter. We expect the ruling that will help DPL continue to reduce leverage and transition to investments-grade rating.  Now to Slide 28, and our improving credit profile. Since February, we have prepaid $300 million of parent debt targeting our largest maturity with some of the highest coupons. This brings our total parent debt to $4.4 billion, which is a $2.1 billion or about a third reduction since September of 2011. Our Parent leverage ratio continues to improve dropping from 6.5 times in 2011 to 5 times last year and to expect it 4.6 times by year end. Through discipline debt reduction, and strong growth in Parent free cash flow, we expect to attain investment-grade credit metrics by 2020. We continue to believe this will help us to not only reduce our cost of debt and improve our financial flexibility, but also enhance our equity valuation.  Now to our 2017 parent capital allocation on Slide 29, which is materially in line with prior disclosure. Sources on the left-hand side reflects $1.5 billion of total available discretionary cash which includes roughly $625 million of Parent free cash flow.  As we discussed last quarter, in addition to $300 million we received from the sale of Sul in Brazil, we are targeting $500 million in asset sale proceeds. We continue to make progress on this target, although much of that may occur later in the year.  Moving to uses on the right-hand side of the slide, including the dividend increase we announced in December, we will be returning almost $320 million to shareholders this year. We’ve allocated $340 million to prepay parent debt as I just discussed.  We’ve allocated $382 million to our acquisition of sPower and planned to invest $350 million in our subs, the majority of which for new projects under construction and in late-stage development.  After considering these investments in our subs, debt prepayment and our current dividend were less with roughly $100 million of discretionary cash.  Now to guidance beginning on Slide 30. Based on our performance year-to-date and foreign currency and commodity forward curves as of March 31, we are reaffirming our 2017 guidance and expectations for 8% to 10% average annual growth through 2020 for our metrics.  As we’ve discussed previously, EPS growth in 2018 is expected to be higher than the average annual growth we are projecting through 2020. In fact, we are forecasting approximately $0.20 of EPS growth in 2018. About a third of this growth is related to the 2.5 gigawatts or 75% of construction capacity coming online where our invested equity is approximately $700 million.  These projects include the three CCGTs in the Dominican Republic, Indiana and Panama. About a third of this growth is being driven by our cost savings and revenue enhancement initiatives and operating improvements at our businesses. The remaining growth in 2018 is largely driven by contributions from growth in renewable through the sPower and the benefits of lower interest expense.  With that, I’ll now turn it back to Andrés. 
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. We have made significant progress in executing on our strategy by advancing our construction programs which is the key driver of our earnings and cash flow growth capitalizing on the advantages from our existing platform in markets where we have a strong position to make investments to ensure growth beyond 2020, rebalancing our portfolio to reduce risk and complexity by exiting non-core businesses and redeploying the proceeds consistent with our capital allocation framework, prepaying parent debt to improve our credit profile and achieving investment-grade metrics and optimizing our cost structure to improve operational efficiency and achieve our $400 million in annual savings target by 2020.  With these actions, we are positioned to deliver average annual growth of 8% to 10% in all key metrics including free cash flow, earnings, and our dividend. Combining this growth and our current dividend yield will result in a total return of greater than 12%. We believe our attractive total return proposition will be better reflected in our share price as we continue to make progress on our strategic objectives and guidance. Now, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead. 
Ali Agha: Thank you, good morning. 
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning, Andrés. First, just a housekeeping item, perhaps Tom, you had a 41% effective tax rate in the first quarter, are you still targeting 31% to 33% for the year? Any reason why Q1 was so much higher than that?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, we are still targeting 31% to 33%, first quarter was just the timing of certain events, but 31% to 33% is still what we expect to be for the year.
Ali Agha: I see. And then, second on the asset sale front, the $500 million target that you have for the year, the Ohio sale of $50 million and this Kazakhstan sale of $24 million, do they count against that or are they separate from that? And related to that, in the past, you told us that you resumed about a $0.03 earnings dilution from the asset sale primarily from the timing. Given your comments that the timing maybe later in the year, is that $0.03 dilution still valid for 2017?
Thomas O'Flynn: So, Ali, as we talk about asset sales proceeds, those are – that’s cash to corp. So the DPL money will all be used within DPL to retire debt, so that would not count into that. The Kazakhstan $24 million would, and yes, you are right, we had said $0.03 to $0.04 from dilution. We now expect that to be later in the year some maybe $0.02 or somewhat less. That will be a bit of a help from a timing perspective.
Ali Agha: Okay, and thirdly, in terms of mapping out your full year growth profile and as you point out, there is a fair amount of free cash flow that you’ll generate over that period as well. Can you remind us for the cash that’s unallocated at this point, what kind of return are you assuming on that cash that kind of gets you to that 8% to 10% overall annual growth rate CAGR? 
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, we are assuming cash in the – cash return in the high-single digits on that, which is consistent with our – at the lower end of our return on investments that obviously we could look at other things such as paying down debt or repurchasing stock. 
Ali Agha: Okay, and last question, on the Colon project, with this ENGIE LNG contract, does that change your expected economics, the ROE that you resumed on that plant or was this already factored in into your overall ROE for that project?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, Ali, we have assumed quite – say modest use of the tank in regasification facility in our numbers. So to the extent that we can use, make more use of what’s basically existing capacity in the tank and in the terminal, that will be upside. So, with ENGIE in the Dominican Republic where we are using about 50% of the tank’s capacity, and in the Panama where we had basically 25% of the tank’s capacity being used, the sooner we fill this up, the better it will be.  What is the upside potential? Well, if we utilize all of the existing tanks, say, by 2020 and 2021, that’s between – depends a little bit on the timing, but somewhere between, say $0.03 and $0.05 of upside. Furthermore, we have the land that we could – and capacity at the terminals that we could, in each location build the second tank and that would be further upside potential.  So we are very excited about this opportunity. We’ve been quite successful on our own selling gas in the Dominican Republic for transportation and for industry. We’ve done our first shipments in thermal tanks or really containers of LNG to other, another island in the Caribbean.  So this is an upside. We see that in the future, certainly ship bunkering will be important. We also see again more conversion of plants, industry, transportation in the Caribbean and in Central America. And with a strong partner like ENGIE that can provide structured products to offtakers, we are very well positioned, but we are just starting and that’s why we have very modest assumptions in our numbers. 
Ali Agha: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Hey, good morning. 
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : So, quick couple of questions here to follow-up. First on the SG&A reductions, you announced sort of an acceleration. Is that already reflected in your guidance as you see it for this year, and just to clarify that?  And then separate, just the distinction, as you think about the 2018 uplift of $0.20 you discussed, can you discuss some of the other puts and takes? I am curious as to what the net EPS impact is of the divestment and/or sale, and the retirement of the DPL asset? 
Andrés Gluski: Okay, let me take the first one. In terms of the first, this is what we have announced before, I mean, I think we’ve delivered, actually more than delivered every year in terms of the guidance we set out. So what we are saying is we feel very comfortable with the $50 million that we announced and is in our guidance for 2017, and an additional $50 million in 2018 and last time we also announced that we – that program will continue -- this sort of productivity improvements will continue in 2019 and 2020 although somewhat at a decelerated pace. So, basically, this is just a reaffirmation of what we announced before. Now on the – sorry, the second question is in terms of, when you are talking about the dilution from the sale of the DP&L assets. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Yes, I was thinking, sorry, go for it.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, Julien it’s probably couple of things when you look at DPL it’s probably about a penny and obviously it depends upon terms et cetera. But maybe it’s about a penny in terms of the – what we are looking at, but that was all contemplated when we gave our guidance in February.  I would say on a cash flow basis, DPL will be pretty neutrally cash flow EBITDA minus CapEx is pretty much breakeven as we see it through our forecast period even before other indirect costs. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Got it, excellent, and then can I just clarify, because I thought I heard you talk about an acceleration in SG&A. How does the classes of European and Asian business together fit within the context of SG&A? Is that still part of the 50 or is that actually going to potentially see some more of that 100 biased toward the 70?
Andrés Gluski: No, Julien, that is part of the 50 for this year and part of the 100 for the end of next year. So we will continue to take steps, obviously as we divest those assets, that also helps us to accelerate this process. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Got it. And to clarify for 2018, you talk about $0.20 of uplift, obviously DPL is not a huge impact there in terms of offsets. What are some of the other known factors that we should just be aware of it, if you will?
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think, what Tom and I said, I mean, the main is our construction program. So we had three CCGTs that will be online in 2018 we have the cost-cutting program that we have announced and we’ve had the continued delevering. So those are the three main items that are going to contribute to the increase in our earnings and cash flow in 2018.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Right, absolutely any other offsets there, so the $0.20 contemplates the construction program and doesn’t include the cost-cutting?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, it does. It includes all.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Okay, okay. So that’s a net number year-over-year inclusive of balance sheet SG&A and net contract degradation against growth?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, that’s correct. And like all of our numbers, that’s based on currency and commodities, forward curves as of today. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Right, excellent, all right. I’ll leave it there. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon : Thanks, Good morning. 
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon : I think most of this – most of my questions have been asked, but what I am looking at slide 53, and I am comparing it to your capital allocation slide. Your investments in subsidiaries is up $100 million versus the Q4 disclosure and it looks like your investment in Alto Maipo is up from $335 million of AES equity to $413 million.  So that looks like it represents the majority of that increase. Am I correlating that correctly? And if so, does that in fact – taking into account the cost overrun or not because the footnotes still says it excludes the cost overrun. 
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes that does take into account. The full 20% cost overrun in Alto Maipo. 
Greg Gordon : Okay, so that – so the footnote should have been excluded then starts it’s kind of a typo?
Thomas O'Flynn: Well, it’s an additional 100 in 2017 from Gener and we own 67% of Gener. Most of the financing again is coming from the lender and the minority partner.
Greg Gordon : No, I understand that. I am just asking a very simple question. In the Q4 deck you have $335 million invested, but the footnote saying excluding the overrun.
Andrés Gluski: Greg you are right. This includes the cost overruns. So there is a typo there, as you mentioned.
Greg Gordon : Okay, so that typo should have been removed. Great, I just wanted to clarify that. Thank you. And then – but overall…
Thomas O'Flynn: Greg, it’s Tom. First off, it’s impressive you saw the typo on Page 53. But just going back to your first question on the up 100, you are right in terms of investment subs. It’s in smaller pieces, we do have a modest acceleration of our investment in Colon from 2018 to 2017, so it’s a part of it and then the other large part is an investment in renewable including sPower. That’s the biggest of the diff in that 100.
Greg Gordon : Okay, great. So, we’ve got Alto Maipo, Colon and sPower and that represents the change?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, Alto Maipo is very modest for this year, because A, it’s funded by Gener, lower dividends, but it’s really not factoring into that, because it’s funded by Gener and it’s funded over the next couple of years.
Greg Gordon : Okay, I understand. Okay, so, when I am looking at Page 53 versus this year’s capital allocation, 53 is total not just this year, it’s happening over a period of time, that’s the difference. 
Thomas O'Flynn: Correct.
Greg Gordon : Okay, got you, perfect. And then also your – it looks like your total cash flow over the 2020 period, you’ve raised at the midpoint by about $100 million. Is that just because you’re accelerating debt reduction and retaining more cash from interest savings or is it a combination of other small things?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, combination of small things.
Andrés Gluski: Yes, probably, maybe just rounding.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes.
Greg Gordon : Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Next question today comes from Chris Morgan with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Hey guys, it’s actually Angie Storozynski. So, I didn’t hear any comments about Brazil. Could you say about – anything about economic recovery and the future of your utility there? Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Sure, hi, Angie. In Brazil, what we are seeing is, last quarter, we saw flattening of the decline and this year we might seeing a slight pickup in demand. But, more like 1% demand has decreased like 10%. So, overall, we are modestly optimistic about Brazil. The President is taking a number – on a number of the important reforms that it flow through, going very well for the country, but we expect a gradual slow recovery in Brazil.  Now this year, they are having a drought and as Tom mentioned, I think, it’s a good example of how our change in commercial strategy and the level of contracting that we have had made it, quite frankly a very small issue, where two years ago it was a very big issue for us. And so, it’s basically the same asset I should say, but it makes a very big difference.  So, with the acquisition of the wins that will help provide Tietê with basically assets which are not correlated with hydrology which are contracted at 18 years at good prices. Now regarding our utility, which is Eletropaulo and remember we sold, Sul. What we are doing is moving forward on listing it on Novo Mercado and that is going well.  And so basically, being on the Novo Mercado means, one share one vote and therefore we would no longer consolidate Eletropaulo in our numbers. Now the company has had a significant recovery in its share price this year and it’s continuing to make improvements operationally. 
Angie Storozynski: Okay, and then, in Chile, so, thanks for the update on the construction progress on Alto Maipo. Is there – have you managed to secure anymore contracts for this asset? And also any indication on pricing for power, especially ahead of the next forward power auction?
Andrés Gluski: We have not secured anymore contracts for Alto Maipo at this stage. It’s part of the Gener portfolio. So, they have basically the Gener, it’s highly contracted through 2021, 2023. So we don’t have any immediate issues at Gener. I mean, last year was a record year for Gener, both on earnings and cash flow.  This year is also looking extremely good. So, what we are seeing, again, as re-contracting rates passes that window, what we’ve seen on the – we have signed some new contracts, especially one of our subsidies of Gener which is Guacolda and these were rates around 70.  But we continue to see sort of a long run price in the sort of mid $60 per megawatt hour and that’s without assuming any sort of rebound in mining activity or more rapid growth of the economy. Chile is growing about 2%, 2.5% and traditionally it’s been growing more sort of at 4%, 5%. So we have a pickup in economic activity. We think these prices could improve further. 
Angie Storozynski: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lasan Johong with Auvila Research Consulting. Please go ahead.
Lasan Johong : Thank you. I wanted to ask a strategic question in a sense that, what – is it going to stay 2.5 to 3 gigawatts of new construction projects per year would jump your growth rates from around 10% to 20% a year?
Andrés Gluski: That will depend a little bit on – to what extent we have partnerships in those deals. This year, with the acquisition of sPower and some of the new things we’ve commissioned, we’ll be close to that number in terms of new projects and acquisitions. So, but it will depend on how much of those projects we own and whether it’s 50%, whether it’s 80%. We continue to plan to basically include partners on most of our big projects.
Lasan Johong : That makes sense and I am moving in. So, in terms of discretionary cash flow, you guys have about $1.4 billion through 2020. And right now, to what - less than over $400 million has been dedicated to new projects. So, if all of that remaining discretionary cash flow to be used for growth projects, is it correct to assume that you can reach that 20% type compound annual growth rate? 
Thomas O'Flynn: No, that seems awfully high, quite frankly, no. One thing is very important, we will continue to be very disciplined in terms of our capital allocation and we were committed to growing the dividend, reaching investment-grade and continuing to decrease our risk on this portfolio from all factors.  So, that seems high. I mean, to get there, I mean if you had some dramatic improvements in some of the economies and commodity prices, perhaps, but we do have significant upside as I mentioned on LNG and which we’ve quantified.  And on energy storage, we are continuing to work on that. We are making good progress and when we feel confident that we can provide some numbers, we will do so. But, again, this is our plan. We will be disciplined and ensure that when we grow, it’s profitable growth. And all of our growth has to come on to our platform really has to – we have to be able to provide synergies or economies of scale or something like that before we do an acquisition.
Lasan Johong : So, just a little clear, the $1.4 billion would not get you to the 20% growth rate?
Thomas O'Flynn: Probably, not, I mean, of course it really isn’t our goal. So what’s more important for us is to be disciplined, decrease risk and hit those – grow our dividend and improve our credit metrics. So, with that in mind, I don’t see it quite frankly. 
Lasan Johong : Okay, then the flip side of the question is, once you get to a position where you think your risk is lowering off and the debt payments have gotten you to an investment-grade credit metric, what is going to be y our forward-looking strategy from that point on? Is it going to be more constrained on growth? Is it going to be maintaining the ship on course? How would you change that strategy? 
Andrés Gluski: Well, when I think of the new strategy that we announced, based on the prior five year strategy, it would be an evolution of it. We think that the key elements are really having platforms, integrating renewable with existing capacity from thermal and hydro. And also being a leader in new technology. So, we are all about three months into the new strategy and we will update you next time.
Lasan Johong : Okay, fair enough. Thank you, Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thank you, Lasan.
Operator: The next today comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please go ahead. 
Charles Fishman: Thank you, and good morning. Yes, I had the same question, Greg did about the $100 million. But I can assure you I never would have seen the footnote error on Slide 53. Here is my other question that I got left.  Andres, you talked on Slide 6, Alto Maipo, the problem is the tunnel. And tunnel on these type of projects can be certainly – you are not the first to experience tunneling challenges. Of the 52% complete right now, what percent of the tunnel is complete? Or is that – are you talking about the tunnels? Is that the main part of the project or how should we look at that? 
Andrés Gluski: That’s a very perceptive question. It’s 52% complete that includes all of the works and all of the equipment. On that tunneling we are more than a third complete on the tunneling. And basically what happened here is that the rock ended up being a less crusted than all of our projections and that’s what’s really slowed us down, because when you have to do more reinforcements you have to go more slowly and it was a bit surprising, because this is an expansion of an existing facility Alfalfal.  So it’s in the same mountain. It reterminates some of the same water. But that is what it is and as you are right, we are not the first to have encountered a different lock and what was expected once you start tunneling.
Charles Fishman: Okay, and then on Slide 6, I assume, that’s a tunnel boring machine we are looking at, is that the machine that’s actually in there now working?
Andrés Gluski: That’s exactly right. We have three of them in operation now, three TBMs and a fourth one on order that’s coming down. So we will have four TBMs operating on this site
Charles Fishman: Okay, so your – because it sounds like you are accelerating the thing to get it done. Okay, good. That was the only question I had left, Andres. Thank you.
Andrés Gluski: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we have our last question today coming from Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Gregg Orrill : Yes, thank you. Can you walk through the details around the EBITDA guidance reduction for DP&L? I think it was obviously, you sold some of the generation assets, but it looks like it was down around $60 million from the fourth quarter? 
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, so, I think, what you are referring to is about $50 million drop, I mean, part of this is, as you know, Gregg, we have announced the sale of our coal-fired generation that accounts for about $30 million to $40 million.  The total shutdown plus sale and then we also have incorporated updated non-bypassable, which is now $105 million versus what we were expecting, which was slightly higher than that. So net-net, I think that is – that accounts for most of the change. 
Gregg Orrill : Okay, thanks. 
Operator: This concludes our question and answers session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks everybody for joining us on today’s call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - VP, Investor Relations Andrés Gluski - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas O’Flynn - EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Keith Stanley - Wolfe Research Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Consulting Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Daniel. Good morning and welcome to AES’s fourth quarter and full-year 2016 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O’Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 financial review call. This morning we will discuss our results and our financial outlook. We will update you on key trends we’re seeing across our markets and the progress we’re making on our construction program and long-term strategy, including our recent announcement that we have agreed to acquire sPower, the largest independent solar developer in the United States. The key takeaway for today’s call include, we delivered on our 2016 financial guidance; we’re seeing positive developments across our businesses in markets; we are on track to achieve our run rate of $350 million in cost savings and revenue enhancements through 2018; notably, we’re expanding this program by targeting an additional $25 million of annual savings in 2019 ramping up to a $50 million incremental run rate in 2020. Despite some challenges we are facing on a 3.4 gigawatt construction program, we expect to complete these projects through 2019. We exited non-core assets to bring $500 million in proceeds to AES that we will reinvest to continue to deliver sustainable long-term growth to our shareholders. We signed an agreement to acquire Spower’s renewable portfolio and growth platform. Spower has an exceptional development team and pipeline, which will contribute high-quality, long-term, and growing U.S. dollar-denominated cash flows. We’re initiating 2017 guidance for adjusted EPS of $1 to $1.10. Finally, we’re introducing our expectation of delivering 8% to 10% average annual growth in free cash flow, adjusted EPS and our dividend through 2020. I will now discuss some of these themes in more detail. Starting with key trends and developments we are seeing across our markets on Slide 4. In general, we are expecting stronger growth in GDP and electricity demand in most of our markets. In Brazil, demand is expected to grow 1% in 2017 versus a decline of 3% in 2016. In Chile, demand is expected to grow 2% to 3% versus 1% in 2016. Turning to Chile, where the regulator recently introduced new rules for long-term capacity auction. Under these new rules, winning bidders who do not develop the projects they bid will face significant penalties. We’re encouraged by this development as the penalty should minimize speculative bidding and force market participants to bid with prices that include a fair return on capital. Moving on to Argentina, where we own and operate 3.5 gigawatts. We are encouraged by positive steps being taken by the new government. This month, the government has raised electricity tariffs and linked generation tariffs to the U.S. dollar. This effectively eliminates our exposure to the Argentine peso. And the result of improved confidence in Argentina, we recently placed a $300 million seven-year bond at 7.75 utilizing a portion of the debt capacity we have in our Argentine businesses. In 2017, we’ve already received $57 million in dividends from Argentina through February following $20 million in 2016. Now, turning to our construction program beginning on Slide 5. As you know, our construction program is the most significant driver of our cash flow and dividend growth in coming years. In 2016, we commissioned capacity of 3 gigawatts, all of which were completed on time and on budget. We have another 3.4 gigawatts currently under construction, where we’re generally making good progress, although, we are experiencing delays at some of our projects. Our projects under construction represent total capital expenditures of $6.4 billion. However, AES’s equity commitment is limited to $1.1 billion, of this all, but $250 million has already been funded. Roughly 70% of our investments are in the Americans, mainly in the U.S., Chile, and Panama. Turning to Slide 6. As you may recall from prior calls, Alto Maipo, an expansion of our existing [indiscernible] power plant in Chile is by far our most complex construction project underway. Since our last call, we have made significant progress on a number of fronts. Specifically, the project is about 49% complete versus 40% at the time of our November call. This progress is in line with our expectations and we remain on track to complete construction in 2019. Based on further validation over the last three months by independent engineers and our discussion with EPC contractors, we continue to expect cost overruns to be in the 10% to 20% range we discussed on our last call. To fund these overruns and any additional future needs, we have signed the term sheet for additional financing commitments for up to 22% of the project cost. We also brought in EPC contractor as a minority partner. These overruns would be funded by a combination of project lenders, AES Gener, Minera los Pelambres and EPC Contractor. Although any cost overruns are disappointing these are within the range we discussed on our last call. We continue to see long-term value in the project, as expansion will further diversify AES Gener’s generation mix and offers locational advantages and a long expected life. Turning to our other projects under construction on Slide 7. As you may remember, we expected three large projects to come on line in 2017. Two of the projects are the closing of the cycle at DPP in the Dominican Republic and the IPL wastewater upgrades with a combined total project cost of $500 million. Both projects are expected to be completed on time and on budget. The third project, the 671 megawatt Eagle Valley CCGT and IPL is behind schedule. Due to productivity issues on the part of our contractor. We now expect the project to come online in early 2018 versus our original expectation for the first-half of 2017. This delay is obviously disappointing, but manageable, since we do not expect a material impact on our forecasts. Having said that, our EPC contractor is taking tangible steps to mitigate this delay and finish the project late this year. We have another three projects totaling two gigawatts that are expected to come online in 2018 and 2019. In summary, we remain confident that our 3.4 gigawatts of projects under construction will come online consistent with our revised expectations and continue to be the key driver of our growth through 2020, which Tom will discuss shortly. Now, turning to our progress on our long-term strategy to deliver attractive free cash flow growth, while at the same time strengthening our credit beginning on Slide 8. As we’ve discussed previously, we are primarily focusing our growth investments on natural gas and renewable projects with long-term U.S. dollar-denominated contracts. We intend to reduce the carbon intensity of our portfolio while ensuring solid growth in cash flow and earnings. These types of projects will improve the quality of our cash flow and help us achieve our credit objectives. Renewables represent an attractive business opportunity in light of several trends such as the dramatic drop in the cost of renewables that have made their energy production competitive. Today, renewables are the dominant type of new generation build across almost all of our markets. And long-term PPAs are available for renewables, providing predictable stable cash flows. The intermittent nature of renewables does pose challenges for the grid. We believe AES’s ability to leverage renewables by integrating them with conventional energy and energy storage can meet these challenges and give us a strong competitive advantage. Turning to Slide 9, to that end, late last week we announced that we have agreed to acquire sPower, the largest independent solar developer in the United States. sPower brings 1.3 gigawatts of installed capacity with an average remaining contract life of more than 20 years with very creditworthy off-takers and a first-class management and development team with a pipeline of more than 10 gigawatts. This acquisition is consistent with our strategy of [indiscernible] our portfolio and increasing the mix of our revenues towards long-term contracted U.S. denominated businesses. This acquisition will provide AES with the scale to secure the best prices when purchasing photovoltaic panels and inverters for our other solar projects around the world. It will also provide us with a proven very successful and disciplined development process that can be used on our renewable projects everywhere. Our partner on this acquisition is AIMCo, a $95 billion Canadian pension fund with experience in making direct investments in global infrastructure. This strategic partnership will help fund sPower’s attractive growth platform going forward. We intend to fund our $382 million share of the investment largely from excess discretionary cash that we received from the sale of AES Sul in late 2016. We expect high single-digit IRRs from the existing assets, while the development pipeline has the opportunity to earn low double-digit returns that will help drive future growth in cash flow. The sPower transaction, which is likely to close by the third quarter of 2017, is expected to be accretive to earnings. Although the EPS contribution may be lumpy from year-to-year due to the nature of the tax equity financing that sPower has utilized, we expect on average a high single-digit ROE, which is better than what we could earn if we use the cash to repurchase a mix of debt and equity. The stable cash contributions from this business and its long-term contract model also help make this a credit enhancing transaction. Now turning to Slide 10, in January Tietê in Brazil agreed to acquire 386 megawatts of wind from Renova, which has an average remaining contract life of 18 years. This acquisition is an important strategic milestone for Tietê, as this business will not only diversify its generation mix from 100% hydro, but also contribute stable long-term cash flows. Furthermore, this acquisition which is a 100% levered using Tietê’s existing R$1.5 billion debt capacity. This acquisition once again demonstrates our ability to utilize local debt capacity in order to grow our business and improve returns. Moving onto the Dominican Republic on Slide 11, leveraging our success with ENGIE in Panama, our LNG supplier for our Colón project, in December we signed a partnership agreement with ENGIE to market our excess LNG storage and regasification capacity at our Andres terminal in the Dominican Republic. ENGIE will be able to offer competitive and flexible natural gas products, tailored to meet the needs of downstream customers and dual fuel oil fired generators in the Caribbean. As excess LNG capacity at our terminal gets utilized to meet the needs of these new customers, we will receive enhanced revenue. We see significant potential for this partnership with ENGIE to maximize the value of our existing LNG infrastructure. Now turning to Slide 12 and our progress on our cost savings and revenue enhancement initiative, in 2016 we achieved our incremental $50 million reduction target. We’re on track to reach $350 million in annual savings by 2018. We are now announcing that we’re targeting an additional $25 billion in annual savings in 2019, stepping up to an additional $50 million in 2020 for a total annual run rate of $400 million from our base year of 2011. Turning to Slide 13. Our asset sales sales program has raised $4 billion in cash to the parent since September 2011. We have exited 11 markets, including the riskiest countries in our portfolio. We will continue to recycle capital and we expect to raise more than $500 million in additional equity proceeds this year. Although we can’t be specific on the businesses that we are targeting for sale, our goal is to continue to optimize our portfolio and improve our risk adjusted return. Last but not least turning to Slide 14, delevering has been and will continue to be an important part of our strategy. Since 2011, we have reduced our Parent debt by 28% and we expect to achieve investment price statistics by 2020. This will be largely driven by robust growth in our free cash flow and modest debt prepayments. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas O’Flynn: Thanks, Andrés, and good morning. Today, I’ll review our 2016 results and capital allocation. I’ll also provide an update on some key business developments and conclude by addressing our guidance for 2017 and expectations through 2020. Overall, as Andrés mentioned, we finished 2016 at a strong note, meaning, guidance for all metrics and setting a solid foundation for our growth to 2020. Turning to adjusted EPS on Slide 16, full-year results were $0.98, just below the midpoint of our guidance range. Most of the $0.27 decline from 2015 was anticipated, including the impact of foreign currency devaluation, the expiration of Tietê’s PPA, and the absence of some gains that have benefited prior year’s results. Additionally, our tax rate was lower than normal in part due to restructuring completed in the fourth quarter as expected as well as some other tax items that were not anticipated that went in our favor. This was largely offset by an unanticipated $0.06 one-time reserve taken against certain reimbursements in MCAC in connection with a legal matter. Now to Slide 17 in our proportional free cash flow and adjusted PTC for the year. We generated $1.4 billion of proportional free cash flow, which was above the top end of our guidance range and represents an increase of $176 million from 2015. Now results reflect a receipt of overdue receivables at Maritza in Bulgaria, as well as higher collections at our distribution businesses in Brazil. This offset lower margins and a large receipt of overdue receivables in DR in 2015. We also earned $842 million in adjusted PTC during the year, a decrease of $335 million, largely driven by lower margins. Now, I will cover our SBUs in more detail over the next six slides beginning on 18. In the U.S., our results reflect lower margins, including the impact of lower wholesale prices and lower contributions from regulated customers at DPL, which were partially offset by higher contributions at IPL, including the benefits from 2016 rate case and environmental upgrades that came online for year-end. Higher proportional free cash flow also reflects lower working capital requirements, including lower fuel costs associated with the conversion from coal to gas generation at IPL. At Andes, our results reflect lower margins primarily due to lower spot energy price in Colombia and the devaluation of the Argentine and Colombian pesos. Adjusted PTC also decreased due to the restructuring of Guacolda in Chile that generated additional equity and earnings in 2015. Proportional free cash flow also reflects higher collections in Argentina and Colombia. I’d also like to note, as Andrés mentioned, the new tariff in Argentina is linked prices to the U.S. dollar, effectively eliminating our exposure to the Argentine peso. Our earnings in U.S. dollar equivalent has now increased to 80%, up from 74% since our last call. As you can see on appendix Slide 56, in Brazil, our results reflect lower margins, namely due to the expiration of Tietê’s above market PPA at the end of 2015. As part of our rolling hedging strategy we’ve had in place since 2014, Tietê is about 80% hedged for the next two years. Proportional free cash flow increased primarily due to the recovery of high purchase power cost from prior droughts at our distribution businesses, Eletropaulo and Sul. Last year we discussed a strategic shift away from the distribution businesses in Brazil, as evidenced by the sale of Sul. As part of this shift we’re applying to list on the Novo Mercado where only common shares trade. Upon listing, our voting rights, currently above 50%, will become equal to our economic interest of 17% and we would de-consolidate upon losing this controlling interest. For guidance purposes, we’ve assumed de-consolidation for the full year 2007. In Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, our results reflect lower margins primarily due to lower rolling 12 month availability in Mexico and Puerto Rico which was impacted by a fourth quarter outage in 2015. Adjusted PTC also reflects the reserve I mentioned earlier. Proportional free cash flow decreased primarily due to the large settlement of receivables in 2015 in the DR. In Europe our results reflect lower margins due to the contracted capacity price reduction following the collection of outstanding receivables at Maritza in Bulgaria, as well as a 35% devaluation at the Kazakhstan Tenge. Proportional free cash flow benefitted primarily from the collection at Maritza. In the roughly nine months since that settlement payments have been current. Finally in Asia, our results reflect steady margins and lower working capital requirements following commencement of operations at Mong Duong in Vietnam in 2015. Before turning to capital allocation, I want to provide updates on a couple of other developments beginning with our filing at DP&L in Ohio on Slide 24. As you may know, last month we reached a settlement agreement with certain interveners in our ESP case. The agreement includes riders totaling $125 million per year over five years, earmarked for debt reduction in investment in distribution infrastructure. The goal is to achieve sustainable investment grade credit metrics at both DP&L and DPL after the expiration of the ESP. As part of the agreement we plan to either sell or shut down 2.1 gigawatts of merchant coal fired generation. It’s worth noting that while reaching a settlement is a positive development not all parties have signed on in the agreement, including Commission staff. Hearings are now set for March 8th and we expect to rule into the effect at the beginning in late second quarter or early third quarter that will help reduce leverage and support the progression toward becoming a stable and growing T&D business. Next on Slide 25, I’d like to briefly discuss our views on potential tax reform. At this time it’s early in the process and unclear which direction final legislation may take. However, I note that under any scenario we do not expect any material cash taxes to be paid for the foreseeable future due to our large NOL position. We would expect to benefit of course from a lower corporate tax rate, as well as from a potential territorial regime that will be supportive of tax efficient repatriation of cash. Certainly the item that could have the most negative impact will be any limitation or elimination of interest deductibility, given the capital-intensive nature of our business and the important role that debt financing plays. Overall, the impact will be slightly positive under the administration’s plan to slightly negative under scenarios limiting interest deductibility such as the house blueprint. If the reform is enacted, it would likely be a phase in period that allows to mitigate any negative impacts that changes the capital structure and other levers. Now to Slide 26 and the progress we’re making to improve our credit profile. During 2016 we prepaid $300 million in parent debt and refinanced down the $500 million of floating rate debt with 10-year notes at attractive fixed rates. Since 2011 we have reduced parent debt by $1.8 billion or 28% and reduced interest cost by 125 basis points, resulting in an annualized interest savings of $180 million. As you can see on the top of the slide, our nearest maturity at the parent is $240 million in 2019. Turning to the bottom of the slide, these proactive steps have helped us reduce our parent leverage ratio from almost 6.5 times to 5 times debt to parent free cash flow plus interest. We expect our credit to continue to improve, largely driven by a strong growth in parent free cash flow, as well as a modest amount of annual debt reduction. As a result, we expect to attain investment grade credit metrics by 2020. We continue to believe this will not only help to reduce our cost of debt and improve our financial flexibility, but also enhance our equity valuation. Turning now to our 2016 parent capital allocation on Slide 27, which is materially in line with prior disclosures. Sources on the left-hand side reflect $1.2 billion of total available discretionary cash, which includes $579 million of parent free cash flow, just above the midpoint of our expected range. Sources also include proceeds from asset sales, primarily AES Sul. As expected, this month the parents received $300 million, the remaining proceeds from the sale of Sul after meeting the required notice period for distributions. Now to uses on the right-hand side of the slide, consistent with our capital allocation plan, we’ve allocated $400 million for investment in our subsidiaries, a majority of which is for new projects driving our future growth. We prepaid $300 million of our near-term maturities and with 10% growth in our dividend and completed share purchases, we returned about a third of our cash to shareholders last year. Now to guidance on Slide 28, beginning in the first quarter of 2017, we will no longer be giving guidance on proportional free cash flow and instead we’ll report consolidated free cash flow. Our use of proportional free cash flow is intended to provide investors with an understanding of the proportional free cash flow attributable to AES after the impact of non-controlling interests. However, the use of proportional free cash flow is not consistent with the recent SEC guidance in a broader related comment process, so we’ll no longer be disclosing it. Having said that, as a supplemental disclosure in our investor presentations, we provide information about the proportional free cash flow attributable to minority interest. Today we’re initiating guidance for 2017 and providing expected average annual growth rates through 2020 of 8% to 10% for all key metrics. Key underlying assumptions include FX and commodity forward curves as of year-end 2016; tax rate for 2017 in the range of 31% to 33%, in the low 30s for 2020; at least $500 million in assets sale proceeds in 2017 with $0.03 to $0.04 dilution from the timing lag for the capital that we deployed; the deconsolidation of Eletropaulo in 2017, as I mentioned earlier, and the ease for discretionary cash in line with our capital allocation framework, which I’ll discuss in a moment. Now to Slide 29, for 2017, our consolidated free cash flow guidance is $1.4 billion to $2 billion, growing at 10% through 2020. We expect free cash flow attributable to non-controlling interests to be 30% to 40% of consolidated free cash flow through 2020. Parent free cash flow on Slide 30 is expected to be $575 million to $675 million in 2017, a 9% increase over 2016, consistent with our 8% to 10% range. On Slide 31, our adjusted EPS guidance for 2017 is $1 to $1.10, growing at 8% to 10% from 2016 through 2020. For 2017 this represents 5% growth of the midpoint of our 2016 guidance range. As we said previously, we expected growth to be stronger in 2018 than in 2017. As I mentioned, 2017 includes $0.03 to $0.04 dilution from the asset sales due to the timing lag into proceeds that we deployed. The main drivers of growth for our cost savings plan, improved availability at our plants in MCAC, and contributions from new businesses, including closing the cycle at DPP and the acquisition of sPower. Our tax rate in 2016 was unusually low and the negative impacted a more normalized rate in 2017, largely offset by some discrete items that benefit us year-over-year. In terms of our long-term growth, we’re expecting 8% to 10% from 2016 to 2020, primary drivers of this growth are contributions from projects under construction coming online through 2019, the benefit from our ongoing cost savings and revenue enhancement initiative and capital allocation including investment in new businesses like sPower. Regarding the profile of growth over the period, we see stronger growth in 2018 and expect to be at the low-end of our prior range of 12% to 16%. In 2018 we’ll bring online 70% of our current projects under construction. In addition, we expect to benefit by allocating our discretionary cash into both debt reduction at the parent and investment in new growth projects. We also see operating improvement at some of our existing businesses. Now I’ll discuss our 2017 parent capital allocation on Slide 32. Beginning on the left, sources reflect $1.5 billion of total available discretionary cash. Parent free cash flow, the foundation for our dividend growth and value creation is expected to be $575 million to $675 million, up 9%. Sources also reflect asset sales. And as I mentioned, we expect to raise at least $500 million this year in addition to the almost $300 million received in 2017 through Sul. Now to uses on the right-hand side. Including the dividend increase we announced in December, we’ll be returning almost $320 million to shareholders this year. We expect to pay down at least $200 million to $300 million of debt, a portion of which reflects our continuing efforts to improve our credit profile and achieve investment grade metrics by 2020. The remaining portion will be to maintain credit neutrality associated with planned asset sales. We’ve allocated $382 million for acquisition of sPower. This represents our share of the $853 million purchase price plus $90 million in acquisition debt funding provided by our partner. We also plan to invest $250 million in our subsidiaries, the majority of which is for new projects under construction and in late-stage development. After considering these investments in our subsidiaries, debt prepayment and our current dividend, we’re left with almost $300 million of discretionary cash. Before turning back to Andrés, I’d like to discuss how we plan to allocate the discretionary cash we’re generating through 2020. On Slide 33, you can see we expect to have $3.7 billion of discretionary cash, primarily from growth in parent free cash flow. After current shareholder dividends, 2017 planned parent debt reduction, as well as the investments in projects under construction and the sPower acquisition, we will have $1.5 billion available for other discretionary uses. Our guidance assumes targeted 8% to 10% annual dividend growth consistent with parent free cash flow, modest parent de-levering to continue our credit improvement and support our goal of reaching investment grade credit metrics by 2020. And lastly, investments in attractive gas infrastructure projects such as Southland, as well as renewable growth opportunities, including harvesting the sPower growth portfolio, where we own attractive risk-adjusted returns with high quality long-term U.S. dollar- denominated contracts. With that, I’ll now pass it back to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks Tom. To summarize today’s call, we ended 2016 on a high note by achieving or exceeding our guidance. We made further strides on our strategic goals by making progress on our construction program, which is the biggest driver of our near-term growth, extracting additional cost savings and synergies from our existing platform, rebalancing our business mix by exiting non-core businesses, and redeploying the proceeds in less carbon intensive businesses with long-term U.S. dollar-denominated contracts such as sPower, offering 8% to 10% growth in all key metrics, including free cash flow, earnings and dividends. We’re encouraged by our performance in 2016 and the progress we are making to continue to de-risk the portfolio and deliver compelling returns to our shareholders. Now, we will be happy to take your questions. Daniel?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: Thank you, good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning Ali.
Ali Agha: First question Andrés or Tom, just to clarify the dilution that you’re seeing in 2017 in your guidance that $0.03 to $0.04. I’m hearing you right, you are saying that’s a timing issue in terms of when the proceeds are invested, so when – you do end up investing those proceeds, let’s call it in 2018, is the ultimate impact neutral, accretive or still dilutive, how should we think about this?
Andrés Gluski: You’re right, it’s $0.03 to $0.04 and it’s really a timing impact. We think that the effect should be probably about neutral, be very minimal. Of course it will ultimately depend exactly on the transaction that we invest, but you know I wouldn’t expect it to be strongly you know certainly dilutive.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then also clarifying, Tom, the profile that you were laying out to us, as you mentioned at the mid-point of your 2017 guidance, you are up 5%. If I’m hearing you right, in 2018 you should be up like 12% over 2017, if I heard that right? And then should we assume fairly even growth in 2019, 2020 as part of your profile?
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, that’s fair.
Ali Agha: Okay, so those two years have mapped them out consistent?
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes and actually the 12%, Ali, was off of midpoint of 2016.
Ali Agha: Is that a CAGR or is that a – I’m little confused?
Thomas O’Flynn: We had previously said that we thought growth in 2016 to 2018 would be 12% to 18 – 12% to 15% EPS, so we still think that 2018 will be at the low-end of that 12 and 12 range. We obviously want to go our path then to give investors a longer profile.
Ali Agha: Right, but that’s a CAGR we are talking, 2016 through 2018 12% CAGR.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes.
Ali Agha: Okay, and then third question, just to understand some of the assumptions that you mapped into this longer term outlook. So I’m assuming, do we assume in there that the Ohio settlement is approved as such and kicks in with that $125 million number, is that assumed in there? And what FX moves have you assumed? Is it just looking at the forward curve in the outer years as well or some assumed dilution, what have you assumed there?
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, we assume forward curves as always. And in terms of DPL, it’s in the range – we’re in discussions, so I’d rather not be too specific, but it’s in the ballpark of what we’ve been discussing.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then lastly, the points you made about the free cash flow usage of roughly the $1.5 billion that you’re left with. When you assume some investment in there, are you assuming the average ROE of 14% or what kind of return are you assuming on that excess cash?
Thomas O’Flynn: Well, some of it’s for defined projects like [indiscernible] so we got a pretty good visibility on that, but we’re really looking across our portfolio based on – as we look at our portfolio, we look at risk and returns consistent with the country, the project etcetera. So it’ll be a range of things from 14%, down to things in the low double-digit consistent with Andrés’s comment on the sPower sales pipeline.
Ali Agha: I see, okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning. Lots of things to talk about.
Andrés Gluski: That’s right. Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Perhaps first just a real quick question, a couple easy ones. sPower, what kind of EPS should be assuming once that closes on annualized basis. Is it simply taking a high single digit ROE from the equity invested or because of the ITC [indiscernible] something lower than that in terms of the ongoing ROE?
Thomas O’Flynn: Hey Julien, it’s Tom. It’s only a few cents a year, as Andrés said, it’s lumpy, so – but generally it’s a few cents a year. If you look at over longer period, the ROEs would line up with the IRRs. The ROEs in the early years are little better, because the nature of the accounting comes with the tax equity investments, obviously it’s bigger if we – if it’s more size – size of…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, so it’s shooting above that level in the earlier, so is there kind of a – what’s embedded in 2017 guidance for instance, or as you think about 2018 with the sPower deal…
Thomas O’Flynn: I think...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: …[indiscernible] and also the trajectory thereafter?
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, few cents a year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, just a couple cents give or take.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yeah.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay got it. And then moving – what’s the impact of deconsolidating Eletropaulo in EPS, just – I just want to make sure.
Andrés Gluski: None. Just on that…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, great.
Andrés Gluski: …just on the consolidated free cash flow.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right, and also what’s reflected in terms of DPL in your 2017 guide and onwards?
Andrés Gluski: I think Tom answered that in terms of – you know basically we are not going to discuss it, but it’s within the range that’s public.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right, fair enough. And then following on Ali’s last one, the 12% to 16% well in, so that would be roughly above 24, 12% compounded, two years off of 2016’s dollar?
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, that’s right.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then what do you think about a normalization of the effective tax rate, 31% to 33%, how do you think about that in 2018 and onwards, just as you – more structurally.
Thomas O’Flynn: Well, that’s the rates we’ve always talked about, it’s sort of in the low 30s. Obviously there is talk about tax reform in the U.S. and we’ll of course incorporate any changes there. I mean it’s a very positive thing such as territorial tax, lower rates. On the other hand there is talk about limiting interest deductibility, and so we’ll see how that washes out. So I mean basically we’re looking at – we do not believe most of the proposals in the reasonable range will have a material impact on us.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And lastly, if you can elaborate just quickly, timing on OPGC 2, just on shifts, what’s the latest status if I can?
Andrés Gluski: I mean we are making very good progress on OPGC 2. We had talked about that versus the original expectations, we’re about six months behind, we haven’t lost any more time and basically the project is up and running and we’ve done the related infrastructure projects, whether it be the rail or the new housing. So that project is coming along very nicely.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. All right, I’ll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning Steve.
Stephen Byrd: Thanks for the comprehensive guidance you’re looking out. I wanted to go to your Slide 33 and think about the discretionary cash bid. When you think about the targeted credit metrics that you’re looking to achieve later in the decade, can you give us a bit of color on how we should be thinking about those metrics?
Thomas O’Flynn: Hey Stephen, so our ratio is now five, we think we need to get down the four range, obviously it’s dependent upon business mix, but we’ve gone from 6.5 to five and we think something in the four range would be would represent investment grade metrics. So, that will come with some parent debt reduction and also continuing growth in our parent free cash flow.
Andrés Gluski: One thing I’d like to add about that also is the qualitative aspect. As we have more dollar-denominated long contracted cash flows, that is qualitative aspect, I think it’s very important. So that’s part of that evolution as well.
Stephen Byrd: All fair points and it looks like you’ll have a fair amount of true discretionary cash even achieving those leverage metrics, so that’s great. And just shifting over to sPower, when we think about how you’re going to finance the growth and those returns, I assume that you laid out are levered returns. Should we be assuming that you’ll avail yourself with a typical project financed debt leverage levels which you can get? And then for the equity check, will it likely be 50-50 with your partners or should we be thinking about that differently?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, you’re right. I mean, we’re thinking of 50-50 with our partner with AIMCo. I would say that in terms of you know how to finance them is a continuation of the mixes which you have now and obviously you’ll have some phasing down of the ITC, we still see that there will be appetite from financials for tax equity into these protects. One thing I’d like to stress about the acquisition of sPower is really the effect it will have on our whole portfolio and obviously we can do solar project all over our platform and we have some very attractive opportunity, especially where we can integrate them with our existing conventional plans. We think that is a very interesting product offering that sort of load following energy that can be supplied and taking into account the sort of intermittency of renewables we can offer a better product. So really with the pipeline that should be delivering between 500 and 1 gigawatt of new projects per year, this really is a – we’ll be bale to leverage this across our portfolio whether it be purchasing. And also we think that this team has been extremely successful with a very disciplined development projects, it really has a proven track record. So when we think about sPower, we think about the JV with AIMCo, which will continue to grow on a 50-50 basis. But in addition, there will be synergies, which will be beneficial to other AES projects, but also to the JV, because the more we buy and the – had those economies of scale, the JV will benefit from this as well.
Stephen Byrd: That’s a great color, Andrés. And just on the pipeline what we’re talking about that it’s a huge number in terms of the potential size. Is there anyway for us to get a better sense for the degree of risk or flipped around the degree of certainty that you might have in terms of pursuing this pipeline, is it some very early stage or some quite advanced and you feel quite good about your prospects, how should we think about that, just given how big it is?
Andrés Gluski: Well there is over 200 megawatts which already has PPI contracts. There is another over 200 which has, are under PPI negotiations. There are about 2 gigawatts which are platform expansions and those again have lower risk because you already have operating assets in those areas. And then the rest are various degrees of development. I would say that a lot of this rest upon sPower’s reputation and with clients which range not only from utilities, but corporate as well. So we see this is a very robust pipeline in general, and we will see how this develops over the following years, but it is more or less sort of commissioning 500 megawatts at first and it should ramp up to 1 gigawatt. Now I would say also that this is not, this is something we tried, when we acquired main stream power, which is more distributed energy smaller, but it is interesting. The main stream has done about – I believe a little bit less than 60, 70 megawatts in its entire history. Last year under AES, they did 88 megawatts, and this year it could be as high as 200 megawatts. So I think this shows how bringing in sort of AES’ financial capabilities, also our market knowledge can empower this. So, we see this as you know we tried on a much smaller scale and now we are going to a large scale.
Stephen Byrd: Super, helpful. Thank you very much. That’s all I had.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So wanted to talk about the guidance for free cash flow growth. I understand the dilution on the earnings impact, the diversities and their impact on the EPS CAGR, but about the cash flow CAGR, I mean that has come down a little bit, right? You had expected a 10% CAGR in proportional free cash flow, I don’t think that the controlling interest has had any impact here. Why the reduction here in growth expectations?
Thomas O’Flynn: Angie, remember the 10% was through 2018. So we are doubling the period, going to 2020 and saying 8% to 10%, so it – I think it is still consistent with our general trajectory. We did use the base line as a mid-point of 2016 guidance. Remember that we got about 300 million from interest, so, in 2016 so you are not going to yet normalize for that.
Angie Storozynski: Okay.
Ahmed Pasha: And this is Ahmed. I think the shape will be more front end loaded because we have about $1 billion of equity in our construction projects. So those projects are coming on line in the 2018, so we will see more contribution front end loaded from those investments.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Secondly on Alto Maipo, so basically you have about 300 million in cost overruns and do you agreed on financing only 22% of it, is that correct?
Thomas O’Flynn: Put it this way. We have the cost overruns are expected to be in the range of 10% to 20%. We have financing that we are closing on for up to 22%. So, we would cover even the sort of worst estimate in terms of cost overruns.
Angie Storozynski: Also that 22% is not of the cost overrun, it is of the entire project?
Thomas O’Flynn: That’s correct. The 110% of the worst case of the cost overruns, it would be like 220% of the expected case.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, fantastic. And then lastly on your EPS guidance, I mean just looking at how your CAGR – I mean that would imply about $1.40 to $143 in EPS by 2020, which is probably ahead of your prior expectation for 2020 earnings. I know that you were not giving explicit guidance, but it almost seems like there is a slower earnings growth initially and then it accelerates by – and basically exceeds expectations of prior earnings growth by 2020? That’s your assessment?
Andrés Gluski: That’s correct. Yes, that’s correct.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Keith Stanley from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good morning. Do you think it’s possible that DPL to still get PUCO Staff on board to a deal here? Do you expect the case to be fully litigated at this point?
Andrés Gluski: We think it’s possible to get PUCO Staff onboard, very much so.
Keith Stanley: Okay. And that would be before the March date [ph]?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, I mean, obviously, Keith, time is running out, but we continue to have an open dialogue and open door and expect something will be figured out, sir, that’s – we are certainly open to that.
Keith Stanley: Okay, great. And then at Eletropaulo – well, on the asset sales, besides Eletropaulo, I mean, do you get the $500 million, it sounds like there is some other material sales you are planning or several assets being marketed right now or at a high level how can we think about what you might be looking to sell?
Andrés Gluski: Well, again, you know, these are ongoing businesses; we never talk about them before its close. But what I would say is that look at what we’ve said as our strategy, in terms of de-risking the portfolio of reducing our carbon intensity. Those are the types of assets we have sold and we will continue to sell. Obviously, with the number of $500 million, we have something specific in mind, which is advanced for us to feel confident in terms of getting this guidance, so that’s as far as I can go, but I would say that – as we’ve always said, we will continue to sort of churn our assets and invest them in better -adjusted returns.
Keith Stanley: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, Gregg.
Gregg Orrill: Good morning. Can you provide a little more detail or perspective around the $0.06 reserve from the fourth quarter and then thoughts on returns around your investment in wind in Brazil?
Andrés Gluski: Okay. Taking the first one, I mean, that was basically we had a legal case, which we had – let’s say the possibility of getting it funded and we did took a reserve against that, we don’t want to get into more detail about that. Certainly, a close case, there shouldn’t be anything more going forward.
Gregg Orrill: Okay.
Andrés Gluski: Regarding the wind in Brazil, this is Renova’s asset, these are contract – 18-year contract in reals indexed to CPI. I think we are buying them at a very attractive price. We will remain the people that in the past when Brazil was really booming, we never bought anything that – at those prices we didn’t think it was attractive, now we see this is being at attractive prices. I also think that it’s very important to get Tietê to be growing again and we are utilizing 100% of local financing for this project. So it’s an attractive acquisition and it really is a milestone for Tietê.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. So around the reserve, I think you said this, it’s not an impact for ongoing earnings or how are you getting paid, I mean, it still be the case?
Andrés Gluski: Absolutely not. It’s a short case.
Gregg Orrill: Okay, good enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lasan Johong with Auvila Research Consulting. Please go ahead.
Lasan Johong: Andrés, the 8% to 10% compound annual growth rate guidance, I assume has some 80% level of your vast development projects in it, can you kind of give me some color how much of your development projects outside of your vast development projects are embedded in that 8% to 10% growth rate.
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think this is really anchored in the projects that we know. Southland is in these projects. The energy storage of Southland is there as well. We have the completion of OPGC 2 and the completion of Alto Maipo in 2019. Now besides that we do have some modest – we have the growth of sPower, that I’ve talked about 500 megawatts ramping up to 1 gigawatt towards the end of that period. We also have some growth in terms of distributed energy as well around 200 megawatts a year. Other than that it’s basically redeploying that cash, there will be other acquisitions that could be smaller ones add-ons, and there could be some additional energy storage project, again, modest energy storage project and – besides that growth. So, that’s what embedded in those numbers.
Lasan Johong: So, if I may, what you are telling me is that, this is about as conservative as you are going to get in terms of your guidance going forward?
Andrés Gluski: I think it’s reasonably conservative. I do think if some markets really pop like energy storage and third party sales or something it could be superior to that. We have other things that we are looking at from diesel to other applications, but I think it’s reasonably conservative is the right approach to it. I wouldn’t say it’s a most conservative case.
Lasan Johong: Yes, you’ve been going through a lot of restructuring, selling, buying assets, where – can you tell me where you see AES’ mix of businesses, is that – what are you trying to drive towards? I mean it’s pretty clear in the U.S. you want to get clean, okay, so we understand that. The rest of world, what are your objectives in terms of how you want to poster AES going forward?
Andrés Gluski: That’s a great question. What we see is we will continue our strategy, simplifying the portfolio. And I always said that we don’t need to be in 20 countries to really have the advantages of diversification. We do see having a strong footprint in the U.S. because it gives us stable cash flows, it’s also the most technologically advanced market in all regards, whether it would be energy storage, whether it would be – on the commercial sense and then we really see ourself being the bridge from that to faster growing markets. And with the big emphasis in Latin America and a big emphasis to the extent we can get dollar-denominated contracts. So that’s where we see AES of the future. Now we do see conventional energy as being an important part of this. We really see that as a great advantage to the extent you can integrate renewables into your product and service offerings to final clients. So there is a greening of the portfolio in large part because we are just seeing energy prices from renewables come down so much, also it’s because you can get long-term contracts for renewables. And finally because that’s a part of the market that’s growing, I mean almost 60% of new adds in the worlds are renewables. So in virtually all of our markets that’s a segment, that’s why we want to be there. On the other hand we see the advantages of AES as being able to integrate that into existing platforms. So platform expansions continues to be an important part of our strategy and it’s one of things we like very much about sPower, they have a platform expansion strategy.
Lasan Johong: Is it safe to assume that Brazil is going to get absorbed into MCAC at some point, once you deconsolidate Eletropaulo and it becomes a really small part of your business?
Andrés Gluski: No, and I would say the following reason, I mean, Brazil has its own market, it has its own relations, it has its own regulatory structure, so we think they will have to continued to be managed in that way. Tietê is also a publicly listed company. Now we are very happy to start Tietê growing again, because I think that will have a good impact on local investors and the multiple we get for Tietê. Remember, our SBUs are basically organized around markets, so what we would like is that the teams there face similar clients, similar regulators, similar financial institutions.
Lasan Johong: Last question, Argentina, it sounds like AES is starting to think about keeping that business unit, is that something I’m imagining or is this something new that’s developing?
Andrés Gluski: Well, we’ve always said that Argentina had significant upside potential and we are seeing that this year or actually started seeing it last year. I mean, Argentina, we sold it out of the distribution businesses, which were, I would say, difficult.
Lasan Johong: Yeah.
Andrés Gluski: But we are left with a very solid, excellent technically generation business, which has made money pretty much every year. We had three years where weren’t able to pay dollar dividends, but Argentina is part of Andes SBUs, this is – synergies and some interconnections with the Chilean market.
Lasan Johong: Yes.
Andrés Gluski: But we are seeing a tremendous progress in Argentina, tremendous progress in our business and I think it’s very much in line with what we were telling everyone before is that Argentina had significant upside potential and some of that upside potential is being realized. I think there is even more potential going forward.
Lasan Johong: Opportunities for more investments in Argentina possible?
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think, if we did anything in Argentina, I would be using local leverage capacity, like we are doing in Brazil, like we are doing in the Dominican Republic.
Lasan Johong: I understand.
Andrés Gluski: And in the past when we talked about proportional free cash flow and how we were paying down sub-debt and creating opportunities, I think, between DPP and Tietê are two excellent examples of how we can lever the local business, 100% levered and come up with attractive, in both cases very carbon friendly projects with long-term contracts.
Lasan Johong: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. Andrés, can you give – are you able to give anymore color on what the staffs objection was – Ohio staffs objection was to the settlement agreement?
Andrés Gluski: No, we really aren’t. We are in negotiations now and we think we will reach the settlement, but we can’t give any more color. Sorry.
Charles Fishman: Okay. I thought that would be your answer. And then the second question was just to make sure I understand this, on the way you are reporting now, if I look at Slide 29, the consolidated free cash flow growth and if I deduct my estimate, okay, between 30% and 40% for the non-controlling interest, that would be equivalent to the way you used to report proportional free cash at the consolidated level, correct?
Andrés Gluski: That’s right, yes.
Charles Fishman: Am I?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, you are right.
Charles Fishman: Okay, thank you. Got it. I just want to make sure I have it right. That’s all I had. Thank you very much.
Andrés Gluski: All right. Thank you, Charles.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay. So I think with this we conclude today’s call and we thank everybody for joining us on this call. As always IR team will be happy in answering your questions. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - VP of Investor Relations Andrés Gluski - President and CEO Thomas O'Flynn - CFO
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Ali Agha - SunTrust Julien Dumoulin - Smith from UBS Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the AES Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions]. Also please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks, Nicole. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2016 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our Web site at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There're many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our third quarter 2016 financial review call. Today, I will provide an update on our year-to-date performance, key market trends and our long-term strategy in the context of those trends. Tom, will then review positive regulatory developments at DPL and Ohio, and our financial results, as well as provide color on our curtain guidance. Year-to-date we generated proportional free cash flow of $1.1 billion, representing 91% of the mid-point of our full-year guidance, and reflecting the collection of outstanding receivables in Bulgaria during the second quarter. Our year-to-date adjusted EPS was $0.64, representing 64% of our full-year guidance, consistent with expectations that we communicated to you previously. These results keep us on track to achieve our full-year guidance, which Tom will address in detail. Now turning to key market trends on slide five. At a high level, we're seeing changes in some of our markets due to the entry of natural gas and low cost renewables. However, we're generally well positioned to take advantages of these changes, because we have already begun to invest in these technologies, and because most of our largely contracted portfolio has locational and cost advantages. Accordingly, despite what we have recently seen in some markets, like Chile, we remain confident in the long-term strength of our portfolio. We see a future with the operator who has an efficient thermal and hydro fleet, and can integrate them with the new technologies will be the winner. We're also on track to meet our expectations through 2018, which are driven by our construction and cost reduction programs. Most of our construction programs are going well with the exception of Alto Maipo, which represents 15% of the total megawatts under construction. There's no question that the future growth across our markets will be heavily weighted towards less carbon intensive gas, wind, and solar generation. Accordingly, we've been taking actions in this regard for some time now. For example, as we've discussed on previous calls, we have been expanding our LNG infrastructure into Central America as shown on slide six. Our $1 billion Colon project in Panama will contribute to our growth beyond 2018 and includes a 380 megawatt combined cycle gas plant, and 180,000 cubic meter LNG regasification and storage facility. The power plant is contracted under a 10 year U.S. dollar denominated power purchase agreement. This project will diversify Panama's reliance on hydro based generation, while also meeting a growing need for natural gas across Central America. By introducing natural gas to the region, we're displacing oil fired generation in favor of a cheaper and cleaner alternative, and also serving the needs of many potential downstream customers, including commercial and industrial users and the transportation industry. On slide seven, we see another example of how we're responding to environmental concerns about coal fired generation. In Indiana, we just completed a multi-year $550 million rate based investment in environmental upgrades through our coal plants and the repowering of several units from coal to gas. We will further shift ideal fuel mix away from coal when we complete the 671 megawatt Eagle Valley CCGT in Indiana in the first-half of 2017. The combined impact of these investments will be to reduce the gigawatt hours IPL producers from coal by about 40%. Turning to slide eight, the growth in renewables, not only provides an opportunity for direct investments in wind and solar generations but creates a market for energy storage. We plan to invest in wind and solar generation in our markets with our primary focus on U.S. dollar denominated long-term contracts. In fact, since last year, we have added more than 150 megawatts of solar with long-term contracts in the U.S., about half of which is operating and the rest will come online in 2017. Regarding energy storage, we believe this technology will play a critical role in an increasingly renewables based generation mix. AES has been designing, deploying and operating battery based energy storage systems for almost a decade. Today, with our proprietary Advancion platform, is the world leader, with more than 400 megawatts in operation under construction on an advanced stage development across seven countries. In 2016, we have already closed Advancion’s sales to third-parties, totaling more than $70 million in gross revenue. With our proven storage platform, unequaled experience, and global reach through AES and our sales channel partnerships, we’re ideally positioned to capitalize on this rapidly growing market. Turning now to slide nine, I’d like to discuss what we consider to be key underlying strength of our businesses, a highly contracted portfolio and the competitive nature of our assts, even in those markets where LNG based and renewable generation are making inroads. As you can see on this slide, as a result of our proactive contracting and portfolio rebalancing initiatives, today, about 75% of our business is U.S. dollar based. About 85% of our business is either contracted generation or regulated utilities. The average remaining life on our PPAs at our contracted businesses is seven years, and when we complete our current construction program in 2020, it will be extended to 10 years. Turning to slide 10, although that’s a long average remaining contract life, there are few markets where our markets will roll-off sooner. Nonetheless, we believe that our position in those particular markets will allow us to continue to earn attractive returns after the current contracts expire. The majority of our businesses are low cost, flexible and reliable energy providers with strong locational advantages. Our knowledge of these markets and critical mass also puts us in a position to take advantage of growth opportunities, or quickly respond to changing conditions. Let me talk about a few of these markets in more detail. In the Dominican Republic, a portion of our contracts are rolling off in the next three years. However, our plans are mostly gas-fired and we offer the lowest cost source of generation in the system, which is 54% oil-based. Based on today’s relative fuel prices, our variable cost is half of that of oil fired generation, which puts us in a good position to re-contract our plans on favorable terms. In 2017, we will complete the closing of the cycle at our DBP gas plant, which will add 122 megawatts without increasing our carbon footprint. In the Philippines, we operated 630 megawatt coal fired plant, and are building a 335 megawatt expansion. The existing Masinloc plant is more than 90% contracted until 2019, and we have already reached an agreement pending regulatory approval with the plant off-taker for an extension to 2022. In terms of the 335 megawatt expansion project, which will come online in 2019, we have already signed 10 to 20 year contracts covering 50% of the capacity. Our plants in the Philippines will be even more competitive once the country’s gas plants, which account for 25% of the system supply, move from base load to mid merit when their current take or pay gas contracts roll-off from 2019 to 2023. In California, our Southland contracts are expiring in December of 2019 and 2020, but we have already re-contracted these facilities under a 20 year PPA that will require the repowering of its assets. With the new contract, we expect to see growth in earnings and the cash flows from this business. Now moving to Chile, on slide 11, where we are largely contracted. Although there has been a slow-down and economic growth, mainly due to the impact of the falling mineral prices on the Chilean economy, we remain optimistic about the future prospect of the country. As you may know, the recent auctions for contracts beginning in 2021 and 2022 cleared significantly below market expectations. We believe these prices reflect aggressive bidding by both new market participants and existing hydro owners. Nonetheless, we do not believe that this will have a meaningful impact on our business in Chile in the near to medium term because AES Gener is largely hedged with an average remaining PPA life of 11 years. So, our exposure for the next five years is quite limited with only 8% of our contracts rolling off in '21 and '22. Although, over the long-term, we do forecast some softening in prices, we do not believe this auction result is necessarily indicative of the long-term price load. While Chile does have excellent solar and good wind resources, some of the assumptions underlying the recent auction outcome may have been aggressive on capital cost declines, load factors, and all-in costs to support renewable assets with a 24/7 load following obligation. We see renewables, energy storage, and thermal resources as complementary in the future Chilean grid. In fact, we believe our existing portfolio will be even more important in the long-term as we see higher demand growth driven by an eventual acceleration and economic growth. Accordingly, our existing assets are well positioned to provide reliable and competitive energy to the Chilean grid. Now turning to slide 12 to our construction program, which is the most significant driver of cash flow and dividend growth in the coming years. Since our last call, we've completed construction of our 532 megawatt Cochrane power plant in Chile, which is 100% contracted for 18 years. This brings our year-to-date commission capacity to 3 gigawatts, all of which were completed on-time and on-budget. We have another 3.4 gigawatts remaining under construction where we are generally making good progress. The main exception to our strong performance on construction is Alto Maipo, a 531 megawatt one of the river hydro plant in Chile, which is by far our most complex construction project underway. Today, the overall project is about 40% completed. As we discussed on our last call, we've encountered geological issues while excavating some underground tunnels. After consultation with the contractor and independent consultant, our expectation is still for Alto Maipo to be completed in 2019, at a cost that is about 10% to 20% over the original budget. We expect the additional capital cost of roughly $200 million to $400 million will be funded by a combination of lenders and project sponsors. Discussions with lenders are underway. I'd note that notwithstanding the challenges we have encountered at Alto Maipo, we have a strong track record of completing projects on-time and on-budget. In the last five years, AES has delivered more than 5 gigawatts of projects, which were completed on-time and on-budget. Accordingly, we are confident that our construction program will continue to drive attractive growth in our free cash flow and earnings. Turning to slide 13, excluding the cost overrun at Alto Maipo, which I mentioned earlier, our 3.4 gigawatts currently under construction represent total capital expenditures of $6.4 billion. However, AES's equity commitment is limited to $1.1 billion. Of this, over $250 million has already been funded. Roughly 70% of our investments are in the Americas, mainly Chile, Panama and the U.S. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I would like to emphasize our de-risking of our Company over the last five years on slide 14. Today, we're in a strong position to execute on the strategic growth opportunities I just discussed in large part because the actions we have taken. We've exited 11 markets, including the riskiest countries in our portfolio. This week we also closed the sales of AES Sul, a utility in Brazil, which decreases our exposure to Brazilian regulatory and hydrology risk to more appropriate levels. In total, our asset sales programs through since September of 2011 has raised $4 billion in cash to the parent. We are investing our discretionary cash towards projects that are better aligned with our strategy like LNG in Central America and renewables in the US. In Panama, our hydro assets will be more valuable by 2019 when we begin the operating the Nation’s first gas fired plant and LNG facility, which will cap energy prices in times of drought. These investments not only drive solid growth in cash flow and earnings but also offer our investors a more robust and optimal portfolio. Last but not least, de-leveraging has been and will continue to be an important part of the strategy. Over the past five years, we have reduced our parent debt by 28%. And based on the growth of our cash flow, we expect to achieve investment grades stats by 2020. We believe that in conjunction all of these actions will deliver attractive risk adjusted returns to our shareholders. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas O'Flynn: Thanks Andrés, and good morning. Today, I will review our results, including adjusted EPS proportional free cash flow and adjusted pre-tax contribution, or PTC, by Strategic Business Unit or SBU. Then I’ll cover our 2016 capital allocation, as well as our guidance and expectations. Before I get started, I’ll remind you of a couple of items that helped our results in the third quarter of last year, one was the restructuring of Guacolda in Chile that generated $0.06 in equity and earnings. And the other was a large receivables collection in the Dominican Republic, which led to higher than normal proportional free cash flow. Now turning to slide 16, third quarter adjusted EPS of $0.32 was $0.06 lower than 2015. This decline is in line with our expectations that we communicated in our last call. Specifically, our third quarter results reflect positive contribution from our businesses, particularly in the U.S. where we benefited from rate based growth at our utility IPL in Indiana, and improved availability at DPL in Ohio. The impact of the Guacolda restructuring in 2015 and also the $0.02 impact from the devaluation of foreign currencies as expected particularly in Andes and Europe. Now to slide 17, proportional free cash flow and adjusted PTC for the quarter. We generated $400 million of proportional free cash flow, a decrease of $221 million from last year. This reflects slightly lower margins and the impact of working capital in the MCAC SBU specifically to DR, where although collections remained strong, we have the large receivable settlement last year. We also earned $272 million in adjusted PTC during the quarter, a decrease of $43 million largely driven by the Guacolda restructuring. Next I’ll cover our SBUs in more detail over the next six slides, beginning on slide 18. In the U.S., our results reflect relatively higher margins, including the benefit from the environmental upgrades on 1,700 megawatts of capacity that came online through this quarter and from this year’s rate case at the IPL, as well as higher contributions in DPL, reflecting our continuing actions to improve the availability of our generation fleet. At Andes our results reflect higher margins, primarily due to lower spot fuel and energy purchases, as well as the start of commercial operations at Cochrane Unit 1 in Chile. This was partially offset by lower spot prices and generation at Chivor in Columbia, where we replenished reservoir levels after increasing production when energy prices were at record high in December of last year. Margins also reflect a 38% devaluation of the Argentine peso. Adjusted PTC decreased due to Guacolda restructuring, and proportional free cash flow also reflects the timing of lower VAT collections in Chile after Cochran came online. In Brazil, our results were largely driven by lower margins, mainly due to exploration Tietê’s PPA at the end of 2015. As part of our rolling hedging strategy that we had in place since 2014, Tietê is about 80% hedged over the next two years. In Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, our results reflect lower margins, primarily due to lower rolling 12 month availability in Puerto Rico, which was impacted by fourth quarter outage in 2015. Adjusted PTC was further impacted by lower interest income on overdue receivables in the Dominican Republic where collections have improved. Proportional free cash flow decreased, primarily due to large settlement of receivables in the DR. In Europe, our results reflect lower margins due to the contracting capacity price reduction following the successful settlement of outstanding receivables at Maritza in Bulgaria, as well as the 36% devaluation of the Kazakhstan Tenge. Proportional free cash flow benefitted from higher collections at Maritza. It's worth mentioning that we continue to see improved collections in the roughly six months since that settlement and payments are current. Finally, in Asia, our results reflect steady margins and working capital requirements year-over-year. Now to slide 24, I'll provide an update on our filing at DP&L in Ohio where we've seen some positive momentum on the regulatory front. We remain in active discussions with the commission staff and interveners. As you may know, last month we amended our ESP filing to propose a distribution modernization rider of $145 million per year over seven years with the aim of achieving and maintaining investment grade rating at DP&L. Hearings are now set for early December, and we expect the ruling to be effective beginning in the first quarter of 2017 that'll support the financial viability and credit profile of the business. Now to slide 25 and the progress we're making to improve our credit profile. In the third quarter, we prepaid $180 million of parent debt, bringing our total debt pay-down year-to-date to $300 million. Since 2011, we’ve reduced parent debt by $1.8 billion or 28% and reduced interest by 125 basis-points, resulting in an annualized interest savings of $180 million. As you'll see on the top of the side, we have no debt maturing at the parent until 2019, and only $240 million is due. Turning to bottom of the slide, these proactive steps have helped us reduce our parent leverage ratio from almost 6.5 times to slightly over 5 times debt to parent free cash flow plus interest. These actions reflect our strategy to de-risk our portfolio and improve our credit metrics. We expect our credits to continue to improve, largely driven by a strong growth in parent free cash flow, as well as the modest amount annual debt reduction. As a result, we expect to attain investment grade credit metrics by 2020. We believe this will help us reduce our cost to debt, improve financial flexibility, and also, importantly, enhance our equity valuation. Turning now to our 2016 parent capital allocation on slide 26, which is materially in line with our prior discussions. Charts on the left hand side reflect $1.5 billion of total available discretionary cash, which includes $575 million in parent free cash flow. We remain confident in our 2016 parent free cash flow range of $525 million to $625 million, which is a foundation for our discretionary cash available for dividend growth and value creation. Sources also include proceeds from assets sales, primarily for AES Sul, where we’re estimating net proceeds of $440 million, including a sub-dividend at around $25 million, after accounting for working capital adjustments and transaction costs. Although, we’ve successfully closed the sale in October, we anticipate receiving the majority of the proceeds at the parent in the first quarter of 2017 after meeting the required notice period for distributions. Now the uses on the right hand side of the slide, consistent with our capital allocation plan with 10% growth in our dividend and completed share repurchases, we are returning about a third of our allocated cash to our shareholders this year. Going forward, we continue to see our dividend as the primary means to distribute cash to shareholders. As I just mentioned, we have already prepaid $300 million of our near-term maturities. We’ve also allocated $360 million for investments in our subsidiaries, the majority of which is from new projects driving our growth through 2018 and beyond. After considering these investments in our subsidiaries, debt repayment and our current dividend we’re left with roughly $400 million of discretionary cash. This, together with our 2017 free cash flow, will provide a strong foundation to grow our dividend, continue to de-lever and earn attractive risk adjusted returns by investing in our development pipeline focused on gas and low cost renewables. Now turning to slide 27. As reflected in our third quarter and year-to-date, we continue to generate strong proportional free cash flow. And our third quarter adjusted EPS was also in line with our expectations. Accordingly, we are reaffirming our 2016 guidance for all metrics. Since earlier this year, we’ve also experienced some headwinds, including outages at two of our businesses in MCAC, as well as a slightly negative impact from reverting back to ESP-1 rates and also some dark spread compression at DPL in Ohio. However, we’re expecting to offset these impacts with a couple of items, one of which would lead to a lower full year effective tax rate. Finally, before I hand it back to Andrés, I want to briefly discuss our expectations beyond 2016. On our fourth quarter call in February, we plan to provide guidance for 2017, as well as longer term expectations through at least 2019. At that point, we will have completed our annual budget process, and we’ll be in a better position to provide more detailed guidance. Based on our preliminary view, we expect to be within the previously disclosed ranges for average annual growth through 2018. As Andrés discussed, the majority of our new projects are coming online in 2018, so we expect growth to be stronger in 2018 and 2017. Accordingly, we are reaffirming our previously disclosed ranges for expected growth in 2017-18 for both proportional free cash flow and adjusted EPS. With that, I’ll now turn it back to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks, Tom. To summarize today’s call, we have a portfolio of asset that is generating strong cash flow, and a construction and development pipeline that is driving growth in cash flow and earnings. We are well position to maximize shareholder value through the following. First, we are rebalancing our business mix by exiting certain businesses to reduce risk and redeploying our excess cash in growth projects with long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts, and focusing on less carbon intensive sources of generation. Second we remain committed to continuing to strengthen our credit, which is largely driven by the successful completion of our construction program, cost reductions and de-levering. Accordingly, we remain confident that we can achieve investment grade stats by 2020. Third, we're capitalizing on our advantageous positive in key high growth markets, and we continue to expect double-digit growth in all key metrics through 2018. Furthermore, we believe that we are well placed to deliver attractive growth in cash flow and earnings beyond 2018. With that, I would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: So, on slide -- couple of things, slide 26, is that compared to the second quarter, so the comparable slide. I see that the only adjustment is that you're assuming that you articulated this in your script. I just wanted to be clear that some of the sales proceeds are slipping into 2017 from '16 otherwise, this slide is demonstrably unchanged?
Thomas O'Flynn: That's right Greg.
Greg Gordon: So, on the unallocated discretionary cash, you talked about one of the things you didn't talk about was significant further share repurchases, that was notably absent from the script. Is there -- was that on purpose?
Andrés Gluski: Well, as Tom said, we see dividend as our primary way of getting cash back to our shareholders. On the other hand, we do have an approval. And we have shown in the past that if we think that's the best use of our cash, we will go ahead and buyback our shares. So, we're not taking it off the table, but we're saying our primary focus will be on paying and increasing, and growing dividend.
Greg Gordon: It's just, it's a very luxurious position you're in, and you don't have any maturities for a few years. And you're already growing the dividend at a pretty high articulated rate, and yet you still have all this unallocated cash. So, if I just, capital allocation is going to be top of mind when we quiz you at EI?
Andrés Gluski: They’ll be good and it's great to be in a luxurious position. What I'm very glad is that, yes, we've been working on this for a long time because in terms of getting our debt in better shape. And we are in very good shape. And not only that, in terms of terms, length of the debt in terms of -- the majority of the debt is fixed and also it's in the currency of the operating business. So yes we will be talking about that, but that does give us options.
Greg Gordon: Two more quick questions, one I think you -- in reiterating your guidance, you've indicated that you're using curves for commodities and currencies from the middle of the year. If I add up all those, and how much they change over the course of since the middle of the year, I think the dollars moved in your favor, but commodities have moved against you. Net-net, it doesn't look like a big negative if anything, it might be a push. Can you comment on how those changes, how those curves have changed since June 30th?
Andrés Gluski: Greg, you're basically right. They're basically flat. I don't know if Tom, you want to add something to that, but the net is flat.
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, that’s fair. 
Greg Gordon: And then in terms of the earnings drag associated with the Chile construction project, should we think about the earnings impact, as you’re seeing the incremental cost of the debt on the cost overrun?
Andrés Gluski: This project will be coming-in in 2019, so it currently has no impact prior to that. We have to see again where we’re negotiating now with lenders, how much is from the sponsors, how much is from the lenders and what are the conditions. So it really doesn’t have any impacts through the 2018 window. And I would add to that Hahn Air has its earnings call later today, I think at 11 O’clock, but they come out with their press release. And they had, I think, the best quarter in the last five years. So, Hahn Air is in strong position. But we have to address the issue at Alto Maipo. And as I said, we’re working very constructively with our lenders and also with the construction company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: First question I just wanted to clarify this comments you have made. When we look at the next couple of years, you have put out you said you reiterated the growth numbers well over 16% EPS growth, but this point about this being greater in ’18 versus ‘17. Just wanted to understand that a little bit better, is the implication that ’17 perhaps is lower than the 12% to 16%, but then you catch-up in ’18 or that ’17 is 12%, but ’18 is 16%. I just wanted to understand what you were saying on that ’17 versus ’18 growth number?
Thomas O'Flynn: Ali, that’s maybe little more fine tuning than we want to get to. At this point, we’re clearly comfortable with the 12% to 16%. We think that ’18 will be stronger than ’17 we still think that ’16 to ’17 growth rate is going to be stronger and attractive. But I don’t want to get into too much fine-tuning we’ll certainly do that in Feb when we give formal guidance.
Ali Agha: But Tom, just to be clear, we should not assume that each year is 12% to 16%, we should assume that that’s a cumulative ’16 to ’18 number?
Thomas O'Flynn: Yes, cumulative or average, however you want to the math, yes.
Ali Agha: Okay.
Thomas O'Flynn: But there was growth just between ’16 and ’17 we’ll put a fine point on growth each year in Feb.
Ali Agha: And then on Ohio, how concerned are you that there will be an evitable legal challenges to any approval you get, even for this distribution rider. What’s kind of the basis on which you guys are confident that this thing will be sustained?
Andrés Gluski: Ali, you always have a process and you have interveners. Having said that, we have the case of FirstEnergy, we just moved forward, we think our case is even more robust. So, we have a high degree of confidence of this moving forward.
Thomas O'Flynn: I’d just say as it’s a distribution monetization rider, we’re very focused on doing it for the health of DP&L and for the T&E business. We think having a strong credit profile there is important and this will give us a trajectory to do that. And also, we do think that there is investment in the DP&L T&E business that would be good for customers and would also require capital. And that’s one of the major components of and frankly uses of cash as we talk with the commission.
Ali Agha: And just to clarify the timing, you alluded to December 5th, the hearings, but you also have discussions. So is this something that potentially we could hear about a settlement before year-end, or should we expect Q1 when decisions and settlements and those kinds of things happen?
Andrés Gluski: Ali, I think it's most likely Q1.
Ali Agha: Last question, Andrés. You talked about contracts that are rolling off post '18. You've got stuff that's coming on at that time, as well. I know you'll provide more granularity in February, but just at a high level, when you look at your business over the next, call it four-five years, or 2021. You don't have much visibility and confidence in terms of -- can you sustain the growth rate that you've promised us through '18, or just high level? Or are you seeing more headwinds to slow things down?
Andrés Gluski: Ali, we'll provide more color when we have our fourth quarter call in terms of expanding. But we feel confident of the growth rates that we have given, and we see continued growth rate pass that. We will get more specific into the future. But if you look at our construction programs, you have a lot of things coming online in '19 and '20. And also more discreet items like some of the renewables, such as solar, which we’ll be growing and are quite frankly fully incorporated in some of the construction numbers we give, because they're much shorter periods between development and construction.
Ali Agha: Okay, thank you.
Thomas O'Flynn: Just to clarify one thing I'd said on DP&L, it's a distribution modernization rider. I think I said something other than monetization. It's a big word for me.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, can I just, maybe starting in on Ohio, following from the last question. Can you elaborate a little bit, is the structure analogous to what FirstEnergy recently approved? And then separately you talked about maintaining investment quality. What metrics that you saw going forward with the DMR and ultimately to get to those IG metrics?
Thomas O'Flynn: Just on DP&L, yes, it's similar. FE had some FFO ratios I think it was in 14.5%, it's similar to what we're using, so that's what gets us the $145 million of revenue requirements, or DMR I'll call it that we've requested. We are focused on seven years. They were shorter with an ability to extend, but we do think it's helpful to have a defined longer period, but that's certainly a matter of our discussions right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Turning to your longer term guidance, you talked about '18 being still intact. Can you reiterate your confidence in OPG C2, and maybe a just big uptime, as well as also just curious, Alto Maipo. I suppose it indicates back-half of '18. Is that a material contribution to '18 in terms of your confidence to hit that number?
Andrés Gluski: Taking the first one, in terms of Alto Maipo, as I said, it has really no impact on 2018. So, I think the key thing is reaching an agreement with lenders and completing the project. Regarding OPG C2, we will give more information into the future. I think if we look at it as a project in India, that’s overall going quite well. It's a complex project, it does have a rail tracks and coal mine. We’ve got all the coal permits. We’ve got most of the land permits. So in general it’s proceeding well for project in India.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, you’re confident in first half of ‘18?
Andrés Gluski: We will update that and OPG C2. We’re making overall good progress.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then coming back to Chile and just real quickly. Can you comment a little bit more about what you think -- I think your term was an appropriate level for new entry, and how you think that evolves here overtime. Obviously, the use of blocks rather than conventional PPAs really shifts the market dynamic there. Can you comment?
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think what happened in Chile, it's two things. First, you have to realize that there were about $50 billion in mining projects in Chile. I’d say we were looking back three-four years ago. And of those I think probably about $40 billion have been suspended. So, the growth and demand from the mining sector did not materialize, and those projects are on hold. So that really change the dynamics to give you a much higher reserve ratio in Chile than certainly any of the projections had been. So that’s I think the most important thing to understand. So, when there was this auction came in and there have been some changes to the auction process. What we saw was it was below, certainly, I think, consensus estimates. And basically came in on two sides. One was a new entrance on the renewable side. And also we believe on the hydro side, people bid lower than expected. I would say of the thermal bids, we were probably, we believe, the lowest. So we had I think a better view of that. What do we think is a sustainable level? Well, if you go to the market research in Chile today, so the sustainable level is north of $60, $60 a megawatt hour. If you look at where this auction cleared, it's more or like $47. There’re issues here because you have to follow the load with intermittent renewables, and you have to put packages together. So, we think that some of these assumptions, obviously, people are bidding for future prices of the capital investment future prices for other things. And there is a lot of assumptions here. So, we think that more in line with the consensus view overall. And one thing I would say is if these mining projects get reactivated, maybe even a third of them then the situation in Chile will change. Because you also should remember that the very high reserve margin that market had a lot of that is very old, is very old coal plant than other ones that are not efficient. So, we think that that’s reasonable. And that anyway the market moves though, I think that we are in a very good position having that existing thermal and hydro base to combine it with renewables, to be able to offer more secure load following supply.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then can you comment briefly on the Philippines and after market and this decision to pursue the expansion given, call it, broader pricing pressures that we’ve seen in Chile, et cetera?
Andrés Gluski: Well, different market. In the case of the Philippines, we saw that there was demand for our plant Masinloc and that we could add basically another unit to Masinloc and 325 megawatt is going to be super critical. And we could contract that at attractive prices. So, we started this. It's under-construction today. And Philippine market will change. What you have today is basically a lot of gas plants that are using domestic gas, which are basically first to be dispatched. So, there're base load. When these contracts burn-off in the next couple of years, they go to mid merit. And quite frankly they may have to search for new sources of gas. So, given that this plant will be very well positioned. And basically I think that perhaps where you're going is that the new contracts we're signing for 10 and 20 years PPAs are at the same similar prices. And we basically have an extension on existing Masinloc at the same price with the off-taker. And it is pending regulatory approval, but we expect that to get approved.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Well, how contracted in the second year that you're building?
Andrés Gluski: The second year to-date is about 50%. But we expect to have it much more contracted by the time it's completed because it's not going to just one big distribution company, it's going to multiple.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lasan Johong of Auvila Research. Please go ahead.
Lasan Johong: Right now if you look at the valuation on AES, even if you ignored all the utilities, generation is trading at a $1,000 of KW, or that's what the market is telling us. Andrés would you say this is enough, I'm going private, I'm going to take out AES and turn it into private company?
Andrés Gluski: Well, I think that if you look at AES today, it's certainly been significantly de-risked, and certainly, I think, has a very attractive future growth profile. And I think that we're very well positioned. I think in terms of our valuation, I mean, we've had, quite frankly, a lot of headwinds over the last five years. Some external, whether it was droughts or commodity prices or FX. Now what we've done is take-out I think a lot of that risk as we go forward. So I think as we deliver on the growth prospects, and deliver on our construction program and certainly deliver on our cost cuts. Because, one of the things, we're today at a run-rate of $250 million less of overhead and general expenses that we were five years ago. So, I think all the trends are right. I certainly think that it's an issue of delivering on it and we should see valuations, which are more in line with our peers.
Lasan Johong: Tom, you mentioned that by 2020 AES should be in the investment grade metric area. Is the ambition for AES to try become an investment grade company? And if so, does that change the way AES looks at financing its business?
Thomas O'Flynn: I think we'll have a better idea of what the metrics will translate to from the agencies. We want to be careful. I don't want to be presume what their judgment would be, that's why we're trying to control, we can control. It's basically move our -- our ratios have gone from 6.5% to about 5%, and we to go to 4% or low 4s depending upon our business mix, the stability of the business. I don't think it'll materially change our business or financing strategy. I will say that we've done a lot, continue to do a lot to look ahead and refinance, take advantage of market windows, be at the parent, or really all throughout our subs. The project finances or subsidiary finances that would be bundles. But one thing I’d say is that we probably look to do bundles more than one-off deals where we can, and it still fits with the strategy. So, we’re doing that in some places we’ve got expansion right now in the Dominican Republic. But $250 million to close this cycle make a project thermal efficient on its gas usage. And that’s being done. It's basically being bundled with our Andres plant. It’s a very efficient plant. So, we’re bundling those two together. So it means we don’t put in equity, we basically use the equity value of the Andrés to bundle that and alleviate equity requirements, and I’ll suggest upgrade the credit packages. We’re doing the same thing in the Philippines where new Masinloc is part of the credit package of the Philippines. So, we’ll look to do more of that. And I think especially as we go and look at some smaller renewables, we’re doing some smaller renewables in the U.S. This year we’ll do about almost 100. And those are the things that you really do bundled financing as opposed to project-by-project.
Lasan Johong: Last question, Andrés. AES is going very deep and long into battery storage power. I’m just wondering, because I’m assuming battery power could be useful backup to renewables mostly, and to make sure good stability remains in place. But my understanding is that backup power is typically required for six to eight hour periods, and batteries generally don’t give out too much more output than two to four hours. Is there a disconnect between what the objective of the battery is trying to do, and what actual reality is?
Andrés Gluski: What we’re seeing, first, is this market is growing very quickly. So, we believe I think its next year we’ll have about installations around the world around 1 gigawatt, and we’re starting maybe two years ago at 200. So first it's growing very rapidly. And it’s a technology that has many applications. I mean it has applications for capacity release. Those were some of our first project ancillary services. And you’re right so the substituting taking plants where you have a lot of renewables. That’s our big project in California. But it also has applications to the T&E business in terms of alleviating transmission constraint. Now, part of the lithium-ion battery energy storage solutions, batteries are one component. So, we’ve seen, over the last five years, battery prices were up by 65%. There is no technical reason you couldn’t make it an eight hour if you wanted to. It’s just a question that you have to put on more batteries and it becomes more expensive. So, we expect battery prices to continue to drop because these are the same batteries you use in electric vehicles. So, as that becomes massive fight, it should drop continually. So, we’re projecting a continued drop in those prices. So, the duration is really a function of your battery price. So, we are seeing that it’s a many places the applications are more in the two to four hour today at today’s battery prices, but you could extend those for a longer. And I think that, again, we’re seeing a very rapid growth of demand. And again this year alone, we’ve already closed $70 million in growth revenues from sales to third-parties that is sales to other people to play it on our grade. So, I’m certain that this will continue to grow very quickly. I’m also certain that price will drop. And what we’re really trying to see is our two pronged approach where we put our Advancion product on our own platforms and use them to enhance our renewables or even enhance our thermal plant, and selling it to third-parties. Now that third-party sales we're using channel partners who have sales forces. And finally I would say that the combination of the two, whether we're driving it, we want to be the low cost provider and also quite frankly the best provider of this service. So, third party sales are helpful over the cost to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: So, first going back to the Alto Maipo project. Could you tell us how much of the capacity is going to be contracted? And if there's been any impact on your ability to contract the remainder of the project given the outcome of this August solar power auction?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, Angie. I think about 40% of the project is contracted today in long-term contract. And in terms of our ability to re-contract, I would say that obviously it will affect the price of any future contracts. When it was being built, the forecast for Chile quite frankly we’re like a $100 a megawatt hour. And what we're seeing is more likely somewhere in the mid-60s, we think is probably a long-term price. So, you're right, the auction, but I think more than the auction, quite frankly, the dynamics in the market. Because, quite frankly, if you did have a rapid pick-up in the mining sector, I think that the prices would reverse.
Angie Storozynski: And now, you're assuming that the lenders basically cover the cost overruns. I mean, I am concerned here because it seems like you have fully committed your equity stake here. You've an increase in the cost of construction, and a reduction in revenues, because of the drop in power prices. So is there a scenario where you would actually consider walking away from this project?
Andrés Gluski: You're right. Certainly, the project looks less attractive today with the cost of overruns and the lower prices that it had initially. It was a very robust project to begin with. And in terms of our commitment to the project, we will look at this as in terms of what we think is the best decision for AES Gener. And obviously we have to reach the right agreement with the lenders to make this project better than not proceeding with the project. So that always remains an option and we're looking into that. But I think that mostly likely outcome is that we do complete the project.
Angie Storozynski: And then my second question is on capital allocation. So you aim at investment grade FFO to debt by 2020. So why not use the spare cash that you have, or the capital that is unallocated to actually reduce that debt in order to get to those investment grade metrics earlier? I mean, this is always an issue with the strength of your dividends that is somewhat undermined by this below investment grade rating.
Andrés Gluski: I think that's a great comment, Angie, something we discussed. We've been paying down the debt consistently try to take advantages of windows in the market. We also have the options of transforming our portfolio for the future, and so taking advantage of the platform. So, we have to balance those two. So obviously that’s something that we’ve looked at, what is the speed of the debt pay-downs that we should do. And what we think is important is to have a very clear north where we’re going and to deliver on that. And as we do asset sales and as we see opportunities to add to our platform, we’ll take that into consideration. But again, I think, we have a good track record in terms of consistently improving our credit profile, de-risking and cutting our cost.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Russo of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Brian Russo: And so 25 you guys outline the debt parent free cash flow plus interest ratios, I’m just curious what kind of your 2020 target and to get to an investment grade like ratings? And are there other ratios that we should be tracking?
Andrés Gluski: This is the primary one. The target would be around 4%, but it's depending upon, obviously, business mix and those kind of things. But generally it's around 4%, it should be a combination of parent free cash flow growth, which will be the strongest contributor, as well as some continued debt pay-down.
Brian Russo: And I think you mentioned earlier to offset some of the first-half ’16 headwinds, your effective tax rate is a little bit lower. Is that accurate, and then what’s driving that?
Andrés Gluski: Yeah, that’s what we’re -- there were two things I mentioned that would be offsets. One is a specific tax matter that would cause our tax rate to be lower. I think we had a range of 29 to 32, and the tax would be at the lower end of the range. And then the other would be specific settlement of a commercial issue.
Brian Russo: And then with your portfolio management initiatives, what regions should we consider non-core or some countries or assets that you’re currently evaluating?
Andrés Gluski: Brian, that’s always a very delicate question for us, because we’re operating in these markets. I think in the case of Brazil, when we I think foreshadowed that we had a lot of hydrology risk in Brazil. So, with the sale of AES Sul, we think it’s better balances our portfolio. You may ask, why the hydrology risk, or regulatory risk at AES Sul, quite frankly, when you have droughts and you have an increase in energy prices, because they’re running more thermal, there isn’t an immediate pass-through to the distribution company. So quite frankly that puts pressure on our distribution companies in terms of cash. So, we think there’re main drivers of our value creations as strong cash flow, having less assets in distribution in Brazil, would make our cash flow more stable as we redeploy that cash. So, I’d say it’s clear with our core markets, which we’re going after, I mean, the markets we’re most interested in. And again, those markets where we can get long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts will have preference. I mean, we can’t get it everywhere. But we want to shift the portfolio again more contracted and with a lower carbon footprint. And that’s what you can see going forward.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Andrés Gluski for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks. This is Ahmed. We thank everybody for joining us on today’s call. We look forward to seeing many of you next week at the EEI Conference. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andrés Gluski - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer Bernerd Da Santos - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Consulting Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Brian Chin - Bank of America ML Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the AES Second Quarter 2016 Financial Review Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ahmed Pasha. Please go ahead.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, William. Good morning and welcome to our AES's second quarter 2016 financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks you, Ahmed. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our second quarter 2016 financial review call. Today, I will discuss our year-to-date performance, provide an updates on market conditions and our progress on our strategic and financial objectives. Tom will then discuss our second quarter results and capital allocation in more detail. Before turning to results, I would like to highlight the most significant milestones that we achieved so far on our key objectives for 2016. To continue de-risking our portfolio, we announce our close asset sales with proceeds of more than $500 million well above our target range of $200 million to $300 million. We brought online one-third of our capacity under construction, or 2.4 gigawatts on-time and on-budget. We prepaid $300 million in current debt exceeding our full-year target of $200 million, to accelerate our credit improvement. We are on-track to achieve our three-year $150 million cost reduction and revenue enhancement goals. In Bulgaria, we receive payment of all outstanding receivables and continue to collect timely payment of invoices. And we continue to make progress to resolve DP&Ls pending rate case and our encouraged with recent regulatory developments in Ohio. I will discuss these achievements in more detail in the moment, but first, I would like to summarize our financial results on Slide 4. Year-to-date, we generated proportional free cash flow of $670 million, representing 57% of our full-year guidance and reflecting the collection of outstanding receivables in Bulgaria during the second quarter. Our year-to-date adjusted EPS was $0.32 representing 32% of our full-year guidance, consistent with our comments on our last call. These results keeps us on-track to achieve our full-year financial guidance, which Tom will cover in detail. Now I'll provide an update on macroeconomic conditions in our markets on Slide 5. First in Brazil, although we have seen a modest improvement in energy demand since our last call, we are still projecting negative growth for the year. In U.S. demand is essentially flat, but in most of our other markets, we continue to see robust growth in energy demand in the range of 4% to 10%. Second while we have seen significant volatility in foreign exchange and commodity prices over the last couple of years, we are generally seeing market stabilize, as a result foreign exchange and commodity forward curves are largely in line with our expectation as of our last call. The one exception is that as a result of Brexit the British pound has depreciated by roughly 10%. However, we are largely here in the near-term and more importantly our exposure to the pound, is only about 3% of our pretax contribution. Turning to Slide 6 on our portfolio optimization activities. In Brazil, we are seeing significant consolidation of the regulated utility sector at attractive valuations. We capitalize on this trend with the announced sale of our 100% ownership interest Sul, our most material utility business in Brazil from an investment point of view for approximately $470 million in equity proceeds to AES. We are currently seeking regulatory approval for the transaction and expect to close before the end of the year. Including, the proceeds from the sale of Sul, we have announced our closed a total of $540 million in asset sales this year. Since September 2011, we have announced our closed asset sales with $3.8 billion in proceeds. The corner stone of our strategy in Brazil is [indiscernible] by perusing contracted wind and solar generation. Now that we are seeing the opportunity for reasonable inflation adjusted returns. These investments for help diversified [indiscernible] generation mix, while also allowing us to take advantage of the 300 million to 500 million in untapped debt capacity at [indiscernible]. Turning now to our platform expansion opportunities on Slide 7. Our ongoing construction program is the most significant driver of our growth over the next few years. We are focusing on our investment efforts on platform expansion projects with long-term U.S. dollar denominated contracts. One such opportunity is using our DR and future panama assets, to play a leading role and expanding the use of L&G throughout Central America and the Caribbean.
7.20: We have another 3.9 gig watts of new capacity currently under construction and expect it to come online through 2019. To deliver sustainable growth beyond 2019 we continue to advance our development pipeline. To that end, we recently received approval for the 1.4 gig watts Southland repowering project from the California Utility Commission and we are on-track to receive final environmental permit, early in 2017 and expect to break ground at summer. Turning now to Slide 8. Our 3.9 gigawatt currently under construction represent total capital expenditures of $7.8 billion. However, through a combination of non-recourse financing and equity partners, AESs equity commitment is limited to 1.3 billion of this all but 215 has been funded. Roughly 74% of our investments are in the Americas and of this a majority is in the U.S. and Chile. We expect average return on equity from these projects of approximately 15%. The majority of our construction projects are conventional power plants such as the 670 megawatt Eagle Valley combined cycle gas fired plant at IPL. Additionally, as we have discussed in the past, we are also building the 530 megawatt Alto Maipo, one of the river hydro project in Chile. This project is our most complex, as we are excavating 67 kilometers of underground tunnels. One-third of which are already complete. The project is roughly six months behind its original schedule and we expect to complete the project in 2019. Turning to Slide 9, and Colon project in Panama. We have made significant progress since our last call. As a reminder, the $1 billion Colon project will contribute to our growth beyond 2018 and includes, a 380 megawatt combined cycle gas plant and a 180,000 cubic meter LNG regasification and storage facility. The power plant is contracted under a ten year U.S. dollar denominated power purchase agreement, and our partner Grupo Motta, one of the largest financial and commercial groups in the country. We recently achieved two important milestones at Colon. Closing the financing of 535 billion with the consortium of banks and initiating construction. The Colon project seeks to replicate the success of our Andres LNG facility in the Dominican Republic. Andres provides gas to our adjacent power plant to another power plant via a gas pipeline and to numerous downstream customers in the transportation and industrial sector. Last month, Andres also delivered its first international shipment of LNG to Barbados. This is a great example of our facility’s ability to serve as a reasonable gas hub by breaking large bulk shipments to serve smaller markets. There are many commercial and operational synergies between our LNG terminals in the Dominican Republic and Panama and with both facilities in operation, we will become the largest provider of the LNG regasification and storages services in Central America and the Caribbean. Turning to Slide 10. We remain optimistic on the future of battery base energy storage, because we believe it will play a critical role in an increasingly renewable based generation mix. As you may know with our proprietary advancing system, we are the world leader in battery based energy storage with a 136 megawatts in operation across four countries, 13 megawatts under construction and 228 megawatts in advanced development including a 100 megawatts under our long-term contract. We integrate [indiscernible] view in the energy storage space through two primary business models. First by developing and operating AES own project, such as the 20 megawatt Harding Street battery array we recently commissioned at IPL. As I just mentioned we currently have a 166 megawatts in operation or construction and another 220 megawatts in advance stage development. Second by marketing and selling our Advancion Energy storage solution to other utilities commercial and industrial customers directly or through our sales channels partners, these sales require no investment capital and help advance to capture economies of scale. Thus far this year, we have sold 40 megawatt of Advancion systems third-parties, representing approximately $70 million in growth revenue. Our second quarter results do not include these sales, but margins are on our initial sales will be modest, as we amortize start up cost. Although battery based energy storage is still it’s early adoption cycle and we have not included any matured amount in our projection. We believe Advancion, presents an interesting opportunity for upside. Turning to Slide 11, as a result of all the actions we are taking, we expect at least 10% annual growth in proportional free cash flow through 2018, which will support our 10% annual growth in dividend, continue deleveraging of the plant and subsidiary and investment in attractive platform expansions. As you can see on Slide 12, we also see robust growth in the earnings to 2018. From 2016 to 2018, we expect an attractive growth rate of 12% to 16% in our adjusted EPS. Approximately 5% of this annual growth is driven by cost reductions and revenue enhancements. Another 8% to 10% of expected growth is driven by the construction projects coming online in 2017 and 2018. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom to discuss our second quarter results, capital allocation, and full-year guidance in more details.
Thomas O'Flynn: Thanks Andrés. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll review our results including adjusted EPS, proportional free cash flow, and adjusted pre-tax contribution or PTC by strategic business unit or SBU, and I'll cover our 2016 capital allocation, as well as our guidance and expectations. Turning to Slide 14, second quarter adjusted EPS of $0.17 was $0.09 lower than 2015. This decline is in line expectations communicated on our last call. Specifically, our second quarter results reflect $0.03 lower contributions from SBU, including anticipated drivers, such as timing of schedule maintenance in ANDES and MCAC. A reduction of $0.03, because last year’s results included the favorable impact of the reversal of a liability at Eletropaulo. And the $0.03 impact from the evaluation in foreign currencies as expected particularly in ANDES in Europe. Before moving on, I want to touch on a couple of large impairment charges we had this quarter that are not included in adjusted EPS. First we impaired 235 million of assets at DPL, primarily at Kelin station, this impairment impacts our quarterly diluted EPS, and was larger driven by the results of the recent PJM capacity auction and our expectation of higher future environmental compliance cost under the EPA Effluent Limitation Guidelines in coal combustion with [indiscernible]. Second as you have seen in our 10-Q, as a results of the sale, we have included Sul in discontinued operation and an imperilment was recognized during the second quarter. The remaining loss on sale will be recorded at the closing of the transaction. After taking into account previously recorded cumulative transaction adjustment. The net impact on as is equity will be a reduction of our 100 million. Given this business is in discontinued operations, these non-cash items do not affect either diluted or adjusted EPS. As a result of placing Sul, into Disc Ops, it’s earnings and losses are removed from our 2016 and 2015 results. Consequently, our first quarter results have been restated to $0.15 after moving the $0.02 negative impact for Sul, which brings our year-to-date adjusted EPS for $0.32. Now to Slide 15 and our overall results for the quarter. We generated 417 million of proportional free cash flow an increase of three 355 million from last year a significant of working capital improvements primarily at Maritza in Bulgaria offset lower margins. We also earned a 160 million in adjusted PTC during the quarter, a decrease of 100 million. Now, I’ll cover our SBUs in more detail over the next six slides, beginning on Slide 16. In the U.S., our results reflect relatively flat margins, as lower wholesale prices and lower contributions from regulated customers; at DPL were largely offset by higher contributions at IPL. Including the benefit from the recent rate case and environmental upgrades they came online through this quarter. Also adjusted PTC was up modestly reflecting lower interest expense at DPL and IPL. Proportional free cash flow also reflects favorable working capital changes at IPL. At ANDES, our results reflect the slightly higher margins due to higher spot and contract sales as well as lower maintenance at [indiscernible] in Chile. Partially offset by planned outages in Argentina as well as the devaluation of the Colombian and Argentine pesos. Proportional free cash flow also benefitted from higher collections in Argentina and at [indiscernible]. In Brazil our result reflect lower margins due to the benefit of a liability reversal at Eletropaulo in 2015. The exploration of Tietê PPA at the end of 2015 and the 12% devaluation of the Brazilian real. Proportional free cash flow also reflects higher collections at Eletropaulo and Sul. In Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, our results reflect lower margins due to lower availability including a planned outage ion the Dominican Republic, where we were performing interconnection work in the preparation for the expansion of existing DPP gas fire facility. As you may recall for converting the simpler cycle DPP plant to combine cycle. Improving its capacity by 50% to 358 megawatts. Construction on this project is progressing well. We have already completed 80% of the upgrade and it is expected to come online in the first half of 2017. Our quarterly results were also impacted by lower third party gas sales in the Dominican Republic. In Europe, our results reflect lower margins due to 45% devaluation of the Kazakhstan Tenge. Proportional free cash flow also reflects the settlement of our 350 million outstanding receivable at Maritza in Bulgaria this quarter. It’s worth mentioning that we've seen greatly improved collections in the roughly three months since that settlement and payments occurring. As a direct results of recent energy sector reforms our off taker, NEK is now cash flow positive versus substantially negative in 2015. This improved financial condition also drove strong interest in the recent bond issuance by NEKs parent where they are able to raise more than €0.5 billion and attractive rates. Finally, in Asia, our results reflect steady margins and lower working capital requirements, at Mong Duong in Vietnam. Now Slide 22, I’ll provide an update on a regulatory filing at DP&L and Ohio. Under DP&L current ESP which cover the period from 2014 to 2016. DP&L has been collecting a service stability writer of little over 9 million per month. As you may know the Supreme Court of Ohio reverse the Utility Commission's approval of current ESP in late June. The court has since remanded the case to the commission, which now has jurisdiction. Last week the DP&L filed to withdraw its current ESP and requested that the commission revert to the rates in effect prior to 2014, which would result in an in material financial impact of company. Matters now pending before the commission and we expect a ruling within a matter of weeks. At same time, we continue to progress on our filing for a new ESP. Which we expect to be effectively to begin in 2017. We expect an outcome that will supports the financial viability and credit profile of the business. Now to Slide 23, and the progress we are making to improve our credit profile. We recently completed the refinancing of 500 million of our 2019 notes, extending the tender with 10 tenure notes. Additionally, since our last call, we have prepared a 180 million in parent debt. Bringing our total pay down year to date to 300 million, exceeding our 2016 debt reduction target by 50%. Since 2011 we reduced parent debt by 1.7 billion or 27% and reduced interest by on that 125 basis points, resulting in an annualize interest savings of 180 million. As you can see at the top of the slide, we now have no debt maturities maturing at the parent until 2019 when only 240 million is due. In addition to the refinancing excluded to parent, we have also taken advantage of favorable market conditions and refinanced 1.4 billion in non-recourse debt primarily in Latin America. Through these proactive actions, we have been able to extend our maturities lower interest cost and reduced our exposure to floating rate interest. As you can see at the bottom of the slide, these proactive steps has helped us to reduce our parent leverage ratio from almost 6.5 times to slightly over 5 times debt to parent free cash ratio plus interest. These actions reflect our continued efforts to derisk our portfolio and improve our credit metrics. We believe this will help us reduced our cost of debt and enhance our equity valuation. Now to our parent allocation on Slide 24. Sources on the left hand side, reflect 1.5 billion of total available discretion in cash, which includes 575 million of parent free cash flow. We continue to focus on maximizing cash to core and as a recent example, once with Macori administration looked at currency controls is in Argentina, we took a modest dividend of the first time since 2011. We remain confident in our 2016 parent free cash flow range of 525 million to 625 million, which is the foundation for our discretionary cash available for dividend growth and value creation. Sources also include 540 million of proceeds from asset sales including approximately 470 million sales of Sul. As we expect to sell the close late in the year, the likely not deploy much as capital in 2016. We have however accelerated a portion of the expected proceeds by pre-paying a 180 million of parent debt in July that I just discussed. No to uses on the right hand side of the slide, consistent with our capital allocation plan that we showed during our last call. With 10% growth in our dividend and completed share repurchases we returned about one third of our allocated cash to shareholders this year. Going forward, we continue to see our dividend as the primary means to distribute cash to shareholders. As just discussed we already prepaid 300 million in near term maturities. We also allocated 360 million for investments in our subsidiaries and majority of which is for new projects driving our growth to 18 and beyond. After considering this investments in our subsidiaries, debt repayment and electronic dividend we are left with roughly 450 million of discretionary cash, which we will invest consistent with our capital allocation framework. Finally, turning to Slide 25. We are reaffirming our 2016 guidance and 2017, 2018 expectations for all metrics with the foreign exchange and commodity fortress as of June 30. We continue to generate strong proportional free cash flow with our first half results reflecting the settlement of all outstanding receivables at Maritza. Our first half, adjusted EPS was in line with what we have indicated on our last call. As our results were impacted by higher tax rate planned outrages and softness in U.S. power prices. The majority of our earnings are expected to be generated in the second half of the year and we should benefit from a few factors putting lower schedule maintenance, a lower effective tax rate, the realization of cost savings initiative and a couple of other items we are working on. With that, I'll now turn it back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks Tom. Before we take our question, let me summarize today's call. First we are executing on our priorities for 2016. Exiting certain businesses at attractive valuation completing 2.4 gigswatts of projects on-time and on-budget improving our credit profile and collecting on our outstanding receivables in Bulgaria. Second we continue to invest our growing cash flow to reduce debt and in select gross projects as well as offer our investors a significant and growing dividends. Third, we remain confident in our ability to deliver strong free cash flow growth through 2018, which is driven by our projects under construction and our cost savings and revenue enhancement initiatives. Finally, we believe we are well positioned to deliver sustainable growth beyond 2018 due to our strong business platforms in attractive and growing markets and our leadership position in deploying new technologies. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: Thank you good morning. First question, can give us the sense of what gives you the confidence that the Ohio issue is particularly that's a correlation to the non-by passable are going to be resolved favorably and what are sort of the key milestones we should be looking at to figure out how this is playing out?
Thomas O’Flynn: We continue to have normal discussions consistent with the process in Ohio. We are obviously aware of developments with the other major utilities in the phase especially [Indiscernible] and they have got little bit different perspectives, but we think those are both constructive directions. We do continue to think that those strong support in the state for in state generations giving the fall of vertex diligent too far removed. The in state jobs in state revenue from taxes and those kind of things. So we think there is strong support for that and I apologize to say we are encourage by discussions as we said we re-filed our rates for the remainder of 2016 to go basically back to the pre 2014 structure and we think that there is constructive and consistent with the sentiments.
Ali Agha: And secondly as insulated to that Tom, so what is on that in to both your 2016, 2017, 2018 and outlook for this non by passable and I’m assuming your attiring that continuing. And what if that doesn’t happened, how should we think about the sensitivities with your earnings, whether it’s for this year or for the growth in 2017, 2018 if that goes away?
Thomas O’Flynn: I think what we would say is, I think we have been consistent here, number one our most recent filing would not have material impact, assume we go back to the 2013 rate structure, we would not have material impact on our financials for the reminder of 20`6. Going forward, as we discussions this different approaches here, but we generally baked into our guidance is less than what we are currently getting, which is about a 110 million a year or 9 million a month, but it’s still material amount. We haven’t put a fine point on that but certainly it would be meaningful impact if there are a large fall but at this point we believe we will get something in that range.
Andrés Gluski: Remember also Ali, we’ve not taken a dividend out of DPL, for some time and there is no parent free cash flow from DPL at least till 2018 in our forecast.
Ali Agha: Okay, understood. Separately Andrés when you look at your portfolio today, can you just highlight for us, what regions or assets in general would you consider to be non-core to this portfolio as you continue going down the road of streamlining your platform?
Andrés Gluski: Okay, we have, I think on very well in terms of focusing this company, in terms of getting out of those regions were we didn’t see those markets was so attractive and realizing attractive valuation from those sales. So what we are focused on in terms of growth, it’s going to be those places we can get, long term ideally dollars denominated contracts and were we can bring something besides just money. So these are additions where there are synergies or economics have scale. So we don’t like talking about exactly those places that we are going to get out of until we do it. And you know we have very much stuck to that rule over the years. But I would say those countries, where we don’t see those opportunities. Where we see that, today quite frankly they are either too volatile or we don’t see opportunities for growth. So what I would like to say, we will continue to grow those businesses, especially those that are cash accretive and our real focus is on creating a company where we have a strong sustainable growth in our dividend and that’s what we are focused on. So I’m not going to get into it specifically, but I think if you do it by the process to elimination which is those places where we don’t see growth, where we don’t see long-term contracts and we really don’t have any really sort of particularly advantages position we will get out of. Now we won’t talk about them, until it’s actually done, because obviously those can affect our operations.
Ali Agha: Last question, Tom just remind us, why don’t you, you’re not allocated specially cash in terms of your priority of the use of that cash and you just remind us what your priority would be on ranking your priorities?
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, I think will across all the [indiscernible] side I think we will look at incremental growth and I think we have said that we would expect about 300 million to 400 million of contributions into our businesses from core on a normal year. This year we are kind of right in middle of that point. Of course continuing to grow the dividend on a regular basis, we will continue to look to deleverage and may take some of this opportunity to accelerate the deleveraging in our balance sheet. And of course stock repurchases is still something we have authority for, we have done a lot. So as we said, I think our primary focus in terms of cash to shareholders would be by the dividend.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Julien Dumoulin Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, perhaps a few more specific questions on the [Indiscernible] process here just being very clear. How to think about the ESP-1 rate structure for 2013. What I understand it's mostly a regulated structure with fuel pass through how should be think about power prices and just competitive retailers under that rate structure. I know it's a bit detailed, but I'm just to be curious so it is are you still positively exposed to stock prices increasing net-net. I'm just trying to understand how that the supplier recovery gets done and then secondly can you talks you the ESP-3 filing that you have pending are you been to need the re-filing of that or are you been amended to reflect some of the changes that might be necessary out of the Ohio Supreme Court.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, Julien let me try to tackle that. In terms of number one the market risk and reward that we have is under our restructure and one that we had it or one that we are not going to revert back to is really the gen, is really at our generation that - basis of risking rewards of the market. In terms of structure of going back to, its different kind of financially at the end of day, it's about the same for us, but there was a group of people that have they not chopped then they would go to a defined rate structure. And that kind of slices it up a little bit different way, but the utility is not exposed to that it's a little bit different way to slice up the same amounts. In terms of going forward, we believe that what we had filed earlier in January and February, we can work under that umbrella, if you will. So we don’t need to pull that back and re-file. Remember we had a couple of different alternatives and so we feel that that umbrella gives us the flexibility to shape a solution in different ways.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it and just to be clear. The ESP-1 the 2013 rate structure will remain indefinitely until you got a rate outcome under the ESP-3 structure. So kind of agnostic perhaps too strong award there, but throughout the process whenever you eventually get an outcome in ESP-3 just to be clear.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, it would remain outstanding until those a supplement for it. And both of them are supportive of our financial structure.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Go it, excellent. And then jus the quick one and following up on the last question as well. Brazil Eletropaulo, can you comment just on what your thought process is there, obviously there has been some media comments there. How do you think about Brazil both on the [indiscernible] and the Eletropaulo by prospectively in the [indiscernible] region and how would you execute the your going into?
Thomas O’Flynn: Okay, first given that Eletropaulo is a publicly listed company, we don’t comment on it. I think what we have said is that, we made a significant strategic move by existing Sul. If you look at today’s market price the equity value we had at Sul is more than [indiscernible] the value that we have in the Eletropaulo, so we have made a significant shift. Second, we have been very disciplined in Brazil, specially at [indiscernible]. We always for many years had this leverage capacity and the ability to buy new assets to grow. But we didn’t really see the valuations. We really didn’t see valuations that we are attracted for us. With the correction in prices in Brazil, we are starting to see opportunity that would make it more attractive to leverage up [indiscernible] and buy something in Brazil. Now what would we buy? Well as we said in the past, we are really looking at our sort of risks, and we wouldn’t want more hydro risk in Brazil, so ideally it would be something like sola or wind or perhaps even thermal that would not be correlated to hydrology in Brazil to make our cash flow from [indiscernible] more steady. So again, Eletropaulo being a publicly listed company, it would be process pertinent to that market, but we are going to comment on it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry and then the last quick one, any update on the assets the you impaired in DPL, just curious if that has any reflection on the future viability of them in terms of retirement or whether they clearly [indiscernible].
Thomas O’Flynn: No that was just at Kelin and that was just because it had a higher carrying value it was reflecting the result of the latest capacity auction.
Andrés Gluski: They are all cleared Julian, all our [indiscernible] is cleared.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hi good morning. Just wanted to check in with you on the storage business, there is increasingly talk about the business and you all obviously are very early into this business, when you think about growth potentials, we are seeing reports that costs are coming down for the actually equipment. Do you see that there are sort of inflections point at which it does become a fairly large driver of spending or is it a more gradual thing, where there is ultimately a step change, buts it’s rather just a gradual increase as you go down the curve. In other words, do you see relatively significant changes within, a year or two or three in terms of where the cost is going that going to allow the businesses to scale up a lot or do you thinks it’s probably more gradual pace?
Andrés Gluski: What we are seeing in the business, is continued reduction in cost. So if we look at the cost of batteries they have come down 80% in the last five year and we are projecting an additional 50% in the next five. So that would driven them down significantly and really this is not technological breakthrough, it is as much as just really massification of the production process. So the more people that bring online giga factories and drive down battery prices, the batter it will be for people such as ourselves. Now, given that how do you see this market, well this market is growing one of the main let's say things that are slowing it down it regulatory, since these batteries operate differently than just regulatory say [peeking] plans where other people providing ancillary services, because for example it goes positive and it goes negative. But having said that we are seeing this market that was a couple of 100 megawatts last year this it's growing some of the forecast by 2020 could be 10 gigawatts globally. The forecast the lower as forecast you will see it's probably around 6 gigawatts that's still a tremendous rate of growth. Now that there are many applications, there is little bit of the hammer and so you can use it for many different things from load shifting ancillary services capacity release transmission constraint. So that's how we see this market, now I see it kind of growing quickly some markets quicker than others the U.S. is clearly leading great the UK is having an important auction now, we see interesting markets in India with their expansion of renewable. So basically as I said in my speech as you have more renewable on the grid interruptible renewable the greater the need for these batteries, and there are different forms to alleviate that. So we are pursuing it by two means one is on our own platform, we are participating in some of these auctions when they are big enough we do bring in partners like we do on all large projects, but we are also pursuing through some direct sales, but also through sales channel partners global sales. And we have already have had some success with $70 million so far this year. We expect that to grow over the remainder of the year and into next and of course that has overtime will have an interesting margin. But right now one of the things it does it helps to drive down cost, because this is all about scale. So if are one of the largest suppliers to the market I think you will have across advantage.
Stephen Byrd: That's very helpful color, Andrés. And you had mentioned in your prepared remarks about essentially amortizing some of these initial cost. Could you remind us just sort of how rapidly you think you would be able to kind of [indiscernible] through those cost so that we can start to see significant margins on incremental sales.
Andrés Gluski: Look it's going to depend on - this is volume. So basically think of startup cost and things like that are fixed cost, the more you have the more quickly we are not really prepared to sort of give guidance on the third-party sale, but I really don’t see this certainly not this year and probably next is not being a meaningful contributor.
Stephen Byrd: Thank you. I'm sorry?
Andrés Gluski: And the finally this is not in our guidance for that reason, but this could become quite interesting outside that time horizon.
Stephen Byrd: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Lasan Johong from Auvila Research Consulting. Please go ahead.
Lasan Johong: Good morning thank you. Tom, I have a quick question on the 15% rate of return should we expect the hurdle rate to go up as interest rates go up and your cost of capital go up with it?
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, I think the short answer is generally interest rates are being coming down and our cost of capital I think has been coming down so I think that's a good number certainly on the projects we are doing. To the extent that I think Andrés mentioned much of our focus will be on long-term U.S. contracted business some of that may warrant some compression of that modestly, but I don’t think we see them going up.
Lasan Johong: My point eventually the interest rate are going to go up at some point, right whether it’s a year or two years from now. When that happens, are we going to see is that 15% hurdle rate go up?
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes the one thing I would say is we certainly look at our cost of capital IRRs on a real time basis, real time for global interest rates, local interest rates, local risk. So certainly if there is a meaningful change in macro conditions, be it interest rate risk or other things inflation what have you. We would certainly factor that into that into our capital allocation framework.
Andrés Gluski: Lasan I think, one way to look at this is, we want to earn a 200 basis points plus over our sort of weighted cost capital on this projects. So it’s going to depend on their locations. So for example, you are really, we will have a lower ROI for those projects that are rate based on our regular utilities Than we do on some of the other projects which are one different locations. But the one thing we are moving towards, I would say, de-risking the company. And so that I think it’s an important component and I so it’s dollar denominate long term contract, in the good zip code and that’s a great country. Those will have a lower return than some of the other locations. But I do think that when you look at our projects, what is important is there is a lot of synergies between them. So if we look at for example the Panama project, it will have significant synergies if we increase the amount of tolling we do from that facility, you know our power plant will take roughly about 30% of the capacity to tank in the terminal. So we are really looking for a third-party sales, like we do in the Dominican Republic. So once you have the two hubs operating the return from the project will not only be from the project itself, will also be from the existing businesses. So that’s how we are looking at it. and just to say, so I don’t think that if interest rates go up, it depends, how much they go up, but we are also shifting our business to less risky businesses and the returns of the project is also returns to the bits to existing businesses, which perhaps were not included in that ROE.
Lasan Johong: No let me flip the question around. How much more businesses you usually get if you drop the hurdle rate to 12% or 10% even?
Thomas O’Flynn: I think if we drop the hurdle rate, again we don’t have a universal hurdle rate. The lower the cost of [Technical Difficulty] projects in some other markets [Technical Difficulty] we don’t use the universal hurdle rate.
Lasan Johong: Okay. Thank you very much for your help.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Brian Russo: Hi good morning. Just curious are there any issues or risk to the Sul approval process, I believe that these acquires, shareholder approval, just may be some comment on the milestones there to get approved?
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes the milestone and they have a shareholders’ approval. We believe that they are very confident of getting it. Then there would be an approval of [indiscernible] which is the regulator. And that’s why we are targeting this close for the fourth quarter of this year, but given all that’s happening in Brazil, we don’t expect any issue. And furthermore, it’s a acquisition that makes a lot of sense, which is consolidating the distribution company into state of real grounded to Sul. So there is lot of logic, a lot of cost savings from bringing these together. So we think the fundamentals for the transaction for the acquirer are very strong.
Brian Russo: Okay, thanks. And then just on the TPO, Ohio process. I'm just curious what was the thought process to file to revert back to the pre 2014 rate structure. I mean did you have discussions with staff or what made you choose that route versus any of the other alternatives.
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, I mean we did have some consultation, I better not go into the specifics, but following the Supreme Court we wanted to look for something that had the same provision of stability and supporting the overall financial viability of the company, but staying away from let's say the specifics of the Supreme Court. But also appreciating that there was strong motivation for the reason that I mentioned earlier to keep the utility stable and keep our generation viable.
Brian Russo: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes is from Brian Chin with Bank of America ML. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin: Hi good morning. I have got a question on the effluent requirement and the coal combustion residual requirements. How much extra CapEx is that going to necessitate?
Thomas O’Flynn: Yes, we haven’t disclose that specifically. I believe DPL has the three-year forward CapEx table that is in their K. We are still reviewing it, but we did have some preliminary number let's say that were baked into our impairment analysis and it was really the combination of those numbers. They really be out - I believe it’s a 20 to 21 times zone as well as we did have to take note of the recent capacity auction that was down much from 160 to about 100 and that we think a 100s low, we did have to factor that most recent data point into our long-term forecast.
Brian Chin: Okay, so just to be clear that CapEx spending would be done in 2021 or there is a deadline for the plants to meet the requirements by 2021?
Ahmed Pasha: Brain this is Ahmed. This is [Indiscernible] 2022 and as Tom mentioned I mean we did have a number in our forecast, but based on the revised forecast the projections are slightly higher, but real impact for this impairment is the capacity prices, which came in lower than what we were expecting. So that was the bigger driver than the CapEx.
Brian Chin: Got you. And then just going back to your prepared comments on Sul. You mentioned that you had re-classed Sul into discontinued operation and there was a $0.02 sort of swing on year-to-date to adjusted EPS. I'm just assuming that you haven’t change guidance, because $0.02 is relatively minor or immaterial versus the guidance range is that right?
Thomas O’Flynn: That's fair and to be honest when we talked last time we did say - when we had a slower first quarter we did say there were some things that we are working on and this is at least one of the thing in the bucket.
Brian Chin: Got you. Great, thank you very much that’s all I got.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Andrés [indiscernible] discuss the slide. Slide 12, on the third bar. In the 8% to 10% new construction that I get and you have laid that out very well. The 5% from existing business, I wonder if Andrés you or Tom could may be give a little more color on that. is that like just a full-year of IPL for instance, improving Brazil or what plays into the 5% over the two years?
Andrés Gluski: That is our cost savings and revenue enhancement initiative, which is well under way. We have a three year $150 million cost saving new enhancement initiatives in three chunks of 50-50 and 50. This is an annual run rate, prior to this in the previous four years we did a $200 million cost savings and revenue initiative. So we have a lot of experience at this. Perhaps Bernerd our Chief Operating Office can make a few comments on what that consist of.
Bernerd Da Santos: Yes thanks Andrés, I think we are very pleased that we are on-track with the $50 million that was what we commit for the first year in 2016 and we also have a - we thought the initiative that we have underway well tracking on into [indiscernible] and the $250 million for 2017 and 2018. And just as to reminder a those are the initiatives that we were disclosing our synergies and economics has scales that is one with the pocket that we are working in sourcing. And the service centers that we have in lower cost location and what they can [indiscernible] between the labor cost that we have and deficiencies of standardization that we have in those places and the standardization [indiscernible] improvement that we are doing in our fleet. [indiscernible] sharing or replication of the lead practice of our thermal plants. A best performance thermal plants across the rest of the fleet. So with that, we actually have identified largely he $150 million that need to be delivered and we are very confident to deliver those.
Charles Fishman: Okay so lot of 5% is these cost savings, pretty well, we can count on that sound pretty - you can bank that. That’s good. Okay, that was all I had. Thank you very much.
Andrés Gluski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you everybody for joining us in today’s call. As always the IR team will be available to answer any question you may have. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - VP, IR Andrés Gluski - President and CEO Tom O'Flynn - CFO
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Chris Turnure - JP Morgan Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Brian Chin - Bank of America Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Welcome to the AES First Quarter 2016 Financial Review Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Dan. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter financial review call. Our press release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andrés Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andrés. Andrés?
Andrés Gluski: Thanks you, Ahmed. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our first quarter financial review call. Today, I will discuss our first quarter results and provide updates on our progress and our strategic objectives, macro conditions in our markets, and construction and development program. Since our last call in late February, we have achieved a number of key objectives for 2016. We received payment of all outstanding receivables in Bulgaria. We are on track to achieve our three-year $150 million cost reduction and revenue enhancement goals. We saw improvements in our credit ratings and outlook from the rating agencies. Our $7.5 billion construction program is advancing on schedule and will be the major contributor to our cash and earnings growth over the next three years. We continue to leverage our existing business platforms by advancing projects with long-term contracts denominated in U.S. dollars. During the first quarter, we achieved significant milestones on three new projects, which will contribute to our growth after 2018. I’ll discuss these achievements in more detail in the movement. But I would like to summarize our financial results on slide four. In the first quarter, we generated proportional free cash flow of $253 million, in line with last year. The recent collection of $350 million in Bulgaria will be reflected in our second quarter cash flow. Our first quarter adjusted EPS was $0.13, which is considerably lower than the $0.25, we earned last year. Our first quarter operating performance was impacted by adverse movements in FX, lower power prices in the U.S. and the expiration of the power purchase agreement at Tietê in Brazil. Our earnings performance was also driven by a tax rate of 50% for the first quarter, which is really a timing issue. We continue to expect a 31% to 33% tax rate for the full year. In terms of our outlook for the full year, we’re reaffirming our guidance on all financial metrics. Nonetheless, we expect our first half adjusted EPS to be relatively weak, due to the continuing impact from the factors I just mentioned and scheduled major maintenance in the second quarter.  Now, I’ll turn to our strategic accomplishments since our last call. As you can see on slide five, we have successfully resolved the outstanding receivables issue at Maritza in Bulgaria. Maritza’s sole customer, the National Electricity Company, or NEK has fallen significantly behind on its payments. In April, we received full payment of the outstanding receivables of $350 million. This is a direct result of the steps taken by the government of Bulgaria to strengthen the financial position of NEK and the long-term sustainability of the energy sector. By meeting all of its contractual obligations, Bulgaria is sending a very positive signal to all foreign investors. Currently, Maritza is providing critically needed power to the Bulgarian electric grid, and we have been collecting in a timely manner, since December 2015. Turning now to slide six and our cost savings and revenue enhancement initiative. Our goal is to achieve a run rate of $150 million per year in bottom line improvement. We are on track to achieve our $50 million goal for 2016 and the additional $100 million to 2018. These bottom line benefits are largely driven by global procurement efforts, moving back office functions to lower cost service centers in Argentina and Bulgaria, and continued improvement in our performance of our plants. Now turning to slide seven, I’ll discuss macro conditions in our markets. First, the impact from hydrology in Latin America should be negligible this year. While cumulative rainfall remains below average in Panama, it is generally improved in the rest of Latin America. Regarding Panama, spot prices have fallen significantly, as a result of the barge based power plant we commissioned there last year, which reduced the effects of low rainfall on our contracted hydro plants. Second, economic conditions in our markets are generally in line with prior expectations, except for Brazil, which is experiencing a deepening recession. At our distribution businesses in Brazil, we are announcing a second consecutive year of 5% decline in demand. While in the U.S. demand is essentially flat, in most of our other markets we continue to see energy demand growth in the range of 4% to 10%. Moving on to slide eight, we are focusing our investment efforts on platform expansion projects with long-term contracts and U.S. dollar denominated revenues. We see a significant opportunity to take a leading role in the distribution and storage of LNG in Central America and the Caribbean. Turning to slide nine, let us review our major new projects. During the quarter, we started construction on the 335-megawatt Masinloc expansion to take advantage of robust growth in the Philippines and our existing infrastructure. The new unit, Masinloc 2 will be one of the most competitive thermal plants in the country employing highly efficient and flexible super critical technology. The $740 million project will be funded by a combination of non-recourse financing, partner equity and cash generated at the Masinloc 1 for facility. Moving on to slide 10, I am pleased to report that we have achieved a number of milestones on our Colon project in Panama. This project encompasses both, 380-megawatt combined cycle plant or CCGT and an adjacent LNG regasification terminal and storage facility. The CCGT is contracted under 10-year U.S. dollars denominated PPA. The LNG facility will have an 180,000 cubic-meter tank, which is sufficient to handle 80 Tera Btu annually. Our CCGT will use about 1 quarter of the tank’s capacity leaving substantial unused capacity to meet the needs of additional power plants for downstream customers. The Colon project seeks to replicate the success of our LNG facilities in the Dominican Republic, which provides gas to our adjacent power plant, another power plant via pipeline and to numerous downstream customers in the transportation and industrial sectors. The Colon project is strategically located near the entrance of Panama Canal and will be able to offer bunkering to the maritime industry as it starts to use natural gas as a fuel. There are many commercial synergies between the LNG terminal in the Dominican Republic and Panama. And with both facilities in service, we will become the largest provider of LNG regasification and storage services in Central America and the Caribbean. All the Colon projects permits are in place, and we have selected the EPC contractor. Project financing for approximately 60% of the project cost is well underway. AES’s equity is expected to be around $200 million, which we will fund over the construction period. The project is expected to close in the second quarter of 2016 with completion of the power plant in 2018 and the LNG facility in 2019. As we can see on slide 11, the repowering of Southland in California is another example of a large project that will contribute to our growth beyond 2018. As a reminder, we were awarded a 20-year PPA by Southern California Edison for 1,384 megawatts of capacity, which includes 100 megawatts of energy storage and 1,284 megawatts of combined cycle gas capacity. Since our last call, we have signed turbine supply agreement and EPC contracts to build the CCGT. We are making good progress on the remaining regulatory approval and expect to break ground in 2017 with completions in 2020. We anticipate funding the $2 billion total project cost with a combination of non-recourse debt and $500 million in equity from AES and a possible financial partner. Turning to slide 12, we remain optimistic on the future battery-based energy storage and our leadership position in this market. We currently have 116 megawatts of energy storage projects in operations across four countries and expect to install another 50 megawatts this year. Additionally, we have another 228 megawatts in advanced stage development, including the 100 megawatts under contract in California. By 2017, we expect to be operating in seven countries, adding India, the Philippines, and the Dominican Republic to the four countries where we already operate, the U.S., the UK, the Netherland and Chile. We see growth in our energy storage business through two paths: AES owned projects, such as the previously discussed 100 megawatts with a PPA with Southern California Edison; and sales of our Advancion energy storage solutions by AES and our channel partners. These sales will target utilities and other large energy storage customers. First, regarding long-term contracts, we see significant potential in many of our markets including the U.S., the UK, the Philippines and Mexico. We continue to work with local regulators to facilitate the development of market structures that enable new investments in battery-based energy storage. Second, over the past eight years, we have learned a tremendous amount about how to integrate the various components to create a proprietary battery-based energy storage solution, which we have named Advancion. To promote Advancion sales in many more markets, we have executed channel partner agreements with Mitsubishi for sales in Asia and with Eaton for sales in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. We are in discussions with other potential partners to sell Advancion in additional markets. Although battery-based energy storage is still early on its private cycle, we believe that Advancion presents an interesting opportunity for upside in our cash and earnings forecast. Turning now to our projects under construction on slide 13. Our ongoing construction program is a most significant driver of our growth over the next few years. We expect to commission 6 gigawatts of new capacity from projects currently under construction through the first half of 2019. As a remainder, total capital expenditure for this project is $7.5 billion. However, by using financial partners, AES's equity commitment is reduced to $1.3 billion. AES's equity commitment all but $160 million has already been funded. As you can see on slide 13, roughly 74% of our investments are in Americas, and of this, a maturity is in the U.S. and Chile. We expect an average return on equity from these projects of approximately 15%. About 3-gigawatt representing half of the capacity currently under construction are 90% complete and our on track to come on line, on time and on budget this year. In 2017, we plan to commission an additional 670 megawatts of capacity in the U.S. and 112 megawatts in the Dominican Republic. We have completed about 70% of the work on these two projects, and we also expect them to come on line, on time and on budget. The remaining three major projects now under construction, Masinloc 2, OPGC 2, and Alto Maipo all projected to come on line in late 2018 and early 2019. This construction program will drive visible and attractive growth in both free cash flow and earnings. As you can see on slide 14, we expect at least 10% annual growth in proportional free cash flow through 2018, which will support our 10% annual growth in dividend, continued deleveraging of the parent and subsidiaries and investments in attractive platform expansions. Turning now to slide 15, we also see robust growth in earnings through 2018. From 2016 to 2018, we expect an attractive growth rate of 12% to 16% in our adjusted EPS. Approximately 5% of this annual growth rate is driven by cost reductions and revenue enhancements. Another 8% to10% of expected growth is driven by the 2.4 gigawatts of construction projects coming on line in 2017 and 2018. Based on our strong market position in attractive high growth markets, we are optimistic about our ability to drive growth beyond 2018. The three projects I just discussed, Masinloc 2; Colon; and Southland will come fully on line after 2018. With that I’ll turn the call over to Tom to discuss our first quarter results, capital allocation, and full year guidance in more detail.
Tom O'Flynn: Thanks Andrés. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll review our first quarter results including adjusted EPS, proportional free cash flow, and adjusted pre-tax contribution or PTC by strategic business unit or SBU, and I'll cover our 2016 capital allocation, as well as our 2016 guidance. Turning to slide 17, first quarter adjusted EPS of $0.13 was $0.12 lower than 2015. Much of this decline was driven by factors incorporated into our full guidance, certain exceptions, primarily the decline in power markets in the U.S. as well as lower demand in Brazil. Specifically our results reflect the $0.04 impact from a significantly higher quarterly tax rate of 50% in 2016 versus 33% in ‘15. This was mostly driven by the timing of certain tax expenses, the largest of which was the enactment of income tax reforms in Chile. We do expect the rate to recover during the year to full year tax rate of 31% to 33%. Next, the $0.04 impact from devaluation of foreign currency is expected primarily in Latin America and Europe. And also $0.05 lower contributions from SUBs mainly due to anticipated drivers such as the expiration of Tietê’s PPA with Eletropaulo. In addition to the drivers included in our expectations, we also saw some softness in power markets and mild weather in the U.S. That being said, we’ve seen some recovery in prices in the last month, which will contribute to our stronger second half of the year and helps give us comfort in our full year outlook. Now on slide 18, our overall results were primarily driven by lower margins in our Brazil, Europe and U.S. SBUs due to factors I just mentioned. Generated $253 million in proportional free cash flow, a modest decrease of $12 million from last year reflecting lower margins, mostly offset by higher collections at our Brazil utilities and lower working capital requirements in Vietnam. We also earned $172 million in adjusted PTC during the quarter, a decrease of $80 million. Now, I’ll cover our SBUs in more detail over the next six slides, beginning on slide 19. In the U.S., our results reflect lower margins at DPL, due to lower wholesale prices and lower contributions from regulated customers; lower contributions from IPL due to mild weather and the partial sell-down and the sale of our Armenia Mountain wind project. Proportional free cash flow also reflects unfavorable working capital changes at IPL. In Andes, our results reflect the 40% devaluation of the Argentine peso, 24% deval of the Colombian peso and lower volumes at Chivor in Colombia. Proportional free cash flow was also impacted by higher tax payments in Chile. PTC also reflects lower equity in earnings at Guacolda in Chile. In Brazil, our results reflect lower margins to the expiration of Tietê’s PPA with Eletropaulo in 2015; lower demand at Sul and Eletropaulo and the 26% devaluation of the Brazilian real. Proportional free cash flow also reflects higher collections at Sul and Eletropaulo, as well as a favorable timing of energy purchases at Tietê. Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, our results reflect modestly lower margins. Proportional free cash flow largely reflects higher than normal collections in the Dominican Republic in 2015. In Europe, our results reflect lower margins due to the 48% devaluation of the Kazakhstan Tenge and lower dark spreads at Kilroot in the UK. Proportional free cash flow also reflects the timing of payments to the fuel supplier at Maritza in Bulgaria and the unfavorable timing of working capital and tax payments in the UK. Finally, in Asia, our results benefited from higher margins and lower build up of working capital, as a result of start up operations at Mong Duong in Vietnam in April of 2015. Turning to slide 25, I’ll now provide an update on a regulatory filing at DPL and Ohio. As you may recall, in February, DPL filed its electric security plan. Since that time, there have been challenges to regulation in Ohio. We saw the potential for similar arguments to impact the structure of other utilities proposals pending before the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Consequently, when we filed our plan, we included an alternative proposal that provided an option for the PUCO to approve a non-bypassable charge structured in the same way as the one approved in our existing ESP. We believe that this alternative falls under PUCO’s authority and also achieves the policy goals set out by the Commission. We continue to believe this alternative provides a viable path forward for DPL and Ohio and that Commission is seeking for reasonable resolution matter before the end of this year. Turning now to our 2016 capital allocation on slide 26. Sources on left hand side continue to reflect $1.1 billion of total available discretionary cash, which includes $575 million in parent free cash flow and announced asset sales. We remain confident in our 2016 parent free cash flow range of $525 million to $625 million, which is the foundation of our discretionary cash available for dividend growth and value creation. Turning to uses on the right hand side of the slide, consistent with our capital allocation plan that we showed during our last call. The 10% growth in our dividend and share repurchases year-to-date, were returning at least a third of this cash to share holders. Going forward, we see our dividend as the primary means to distribute cash to shareholders. Stock repurchases should be less material, absent proceeds from additional asset sales and partnerships. Regarding debt reduction, we’re making good progress on our $200 million target for the year, in our longer term goal of parent credit improvement. In fact, year-to-date, we’ve prepaid a $125 million parent debt. Taking advantage of weak market conditions early in the quarter, we were able to buy this debt at a 7% discount. We’re also seeing positive momentum on the ratings front. In March, Moody’s changed our parent credit outlook from stable to positive; and in April, S&P upgraded our ratings from BB minus to BB. These actions reflect our continued efforts to derisk our portfolio and improve our credit metrics. We think that continuing to strengthen our credit will help us get better recognition and valuation for a growing cash flow and dividend. This positive credit trend along with an overall mark improvement has allowed us to continue to be opportunistic regarding refinancing and extending maturities. To that end, last week, we extended our $800 million parent revolver maturity from 2018 to 2021. Also last week on the non-recourse side, our business in the Dominican Republic was able to replace a short-term financing with a new $370 million, 10-year bond at more favorable terms. We’ve also earmarked $330 million for investments in our subsidiaries, about a third of which is for our Colon project in Panama at Southland in California, coming on line after 2018. Finally, after considering these in our subs, our current dividend and debt prepayment, were left with roughly $150 million discretionary cash, which we’ll invest consistent with our capital allocation framework. As in years past, much of this cash is weighted towards the latter part of the year. Now to slide 27, we are reaffirming our guidance and 2017-18 expectations for all metrics, based on foreign currency and commodity forward curves as of April 30th. We continue to generate strong proportional free cash flow, which will be relatively evenly distributed in the first and second half of the year. And with the settlement of all outstanding receivables at Maritza, we expect our first half proportional free cash flow to be well ahead of last year’s. Regarding adjusted EPS, consistent with the first quarter, we also except the second quarter to be lower than normal. In fact, we are forecasting that 70% to 75% of our 2016 adjusted EPS to be recorded in the second half of 2016 versus about 60% in past years. There are few reasons that our results will be strong in the second half than first half. First, we expect a lower tax rate in the next few quarters. In any given year, there are certain items that influence quarterly rate tend to normalize on a full year basis. As I mentioned earlier, in the first quarter, we recognized a higher than usual tax expense, which when combined with relatively low first quarter earnings and at an outsized impact on our tax rate for the quarter. This tax expense was anticipated in our guidance and accordingly, we continue to expect a 31% to 33% tax rate in 2016. Second, the higher concentration of scheduled maintenance in the first half of the year will position us for stronger performance in second half, for example, San Nicolas plant in Argentina will undergo plant major maintenance entire second quarter, as part of its regular maintenance cycle that occurs about every eight years. Few of our other plants have similar circumstances. Third, forward curves for FX and commodities reflect some improvement over the balance of the year, which will provide a benefit in second half. Fourth, this year’s $50 million cost reduction is more heavily weighted towards the second half. And lastly, we expect to benefit from a couple of items that we are working on to partially offset lower demand in Brazil and lower power prices in the U.S., be in a better position to discuss these later in the year.  With that I'll now turn it back over to Andrés.
Andrés Gluski: Thanks Tom. To summarize our views on this call, we continue to generate strong proportional free cash flow, which will be evenly distributed between the first and second half of the year. Although we expect our first half adjusted EPS to be relatively weak, many of the negative drivers will reverse in the second half and therefore we are reaffirming our guidance for all financial metrics. In terms of our strategic priorities, in the first few months of this year, we have made significant progress, including resolving the outstanding receivables issue in Bulgaria, receiving positive actions from the rating agencies resulting from our actions to de-risk the portfolio and de-lever the parent, reaffirming our double-digit growth through 2018 in both cash flow and earnings, driven by a largely funded construction program and $150 million in cost savings and revenue enhancements, and achieving significant milestones on three new projects in our development pipeline, to drive growth beyond 2018. I am optimistic about the future of AES. We are delivering strong and growing free cash flow, which we will continue to use to maximize risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. The 6 gigawatts we currently have under construction is the largest driver of our expected growth of at least 10% in free cash flow through 2018. Beyond 2018, we are well-positioned to capture new opportunities due to our strong business platforms in attractive and growing market, and our leadership position in deploying new technologies. Now, I'd like open up the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: The first question, Tom, you alluded to the fact that while the tax rate and FX drivers in the first quarter were pretty much on plan, the U.S. and Brazil results were somewhat below plan. Could quantify how much below plan from an earnings perspective Q1 ended up?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. I think if you single out those two, it’s probably $0.03 to $0.04 probably split between them, probably about $0.04 equally split.
Ali Agha: And you alluded to some offsets in the second half; would they be cost reduction related initiatives or what would be offsetting them in the second half?
Tom O'Flynn: Truly list that one through recently cost reductions, a part of the $50 million we are expecting to get as part of our savings plan is more heavily weighted, but truly all the things.
Ali Agha: I was talking about that last bucket line, which you had mentioned in those lists of things which were not really listed in more detail, you said more to come on that.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, those will likely be in the second half, the things that -- two things of particular that we are working on to offset these issues and certainly not appropriate to give a lot of color on it, at this point, which I appreciate, people like get more color but we expect to give more color as they materialize in the second half of the year.
Ali Agha: Yes. Separately, where do we stand on the Sul, transaction and what's the timing we should be expecting on that?
Andrés Gluski: As we said last time, we injected $75 million into Sul, we restructured the debt, and we are looking at all options now for Sul. At this point, I really can't comment anymore about that.
Ali Agha: Okay. And lastly, on Ohio, Andrés, as you mentioned the non-bypassable, you feel, keeps you out of the FERC review, but that still would keep the volatility of that business around. The beauty of the PPA was that it would take volatility out. I am wondering, have you looked at some of the recent filings that some folks have gone back in to try to keep FERC out and yet also keep volatility out or those would be of interest to you? And separately, if non-bypassable is the only way to go here, would you come back to the notion of potentially selling those assets again to get out of the commodity-exposed business there?
Andrés Gluski: I would say that, again, we believe that our proposal avoided some of the issues raised by the PPAs. We continue to feel that that’s the correct path to go and we feel optimistic. We feel it's in everybody's interest. So, at this point what we would like to do is we continue to go with that path. And you are correct that there is a certain amount of volatility due to the on contract nature of the generation assets at DP&L, [ph] which is separate from that. But we have to -- especially if we get the non-liability rider, we have to think of it as an integrated business at that point.
Ali Agha: But these other filings that I think FE and others may have made in response, would any of those be of interest to you?
Ahmed Pasha: Yes, Ali, what we have filed is not much different, what they have filed as a new case, if you wish, because we filed is not -- if you look at our plan A, which is not much different what FE has recently filed.
Ali Agha: Okay, we would talk more of that offline. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Perhaps, just starting where Ali left off, can you remind us just what the benefit embedded in Ohio is of continuation of the ESP structure et cetera, or whatever structure ultimately is approved there in guidance?
Andrés Gluski: Given a wide range in our guidance I think, so what we have embedded in there I think is a reasonable amount going forward. But as we say, we do have somewhat of a wide range to this. And that’s -- I don’t Tom, would you like to add anything to that?
Tom O'Flynn: I think, Julien we have said before, we’re obviously in the middle of our filing and working through it. So, we are careful about too much detail here. But I think we said before we have got a 110 now on in our ESP. We have incorporated something and it will be less than that amount into our ‘17 and beyond numbers. But, it's still a meaningful number, but it's certainly less than what we currently get.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then turning to the Chilean tax rate change, obviously it's a first quarter item, but as you think about it more structurally, what is that impact in ‘17, ‘18 et cetera, just on an ongoing basis?
Tom O'Flynn: It's nothing. We headed into our guidance; it was unclear when the final legislation would be final, final, so be recognized. So, it's about $0.03 to $0.04; we fully expected it in our guidance for ‘16. It's just happen to fall in the first quarter because this final, final in Chile. What is it, it’s revaluation deferred taxes, the tax rate goes up slightly; so, it's a modest revaluation of deferred taxes. It's similar to what we did two years ago, I believe, ‘14, I think it was Q3 of ‘14 as I recall. It’s a similar deal. So, this is a second phase of that same legislation that came in shortly after President Bachelet took office.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then turning to the asset sales, obviously you were very active in the first quarter here; kind of hit your annual targets already. Can you comment more broadly, I forget talking about specifics like Sul, but ambitions to continue to pursue equity sale downs? And also if you think about the ratio of buyback versus asset sales proceeds, should we assume for the most part they’re going to be earnings neutral for the course of what you’ve announced already and then prospectively?
Andrés Gluski: We have announced in the past that we would be selling likely on average of $200 million to $300 million in equity proceeds to us of sale downs and getting out of certain businesses. And we continue. I think we’ve quite frankly outperformed the numbers that we have given in the past. Now, we don’t comment on them. But, what we would be doing again is fine tuning our portfolio to have really sort of an optimal mix, optimal mix of risks and position. So, we will continue to do that. And in terms of what we do with the proceeds, we’ll continue to allocate them as we have in terms of a mix, whether it’d be new investments and debt pay downs. And we’ll see what the circumstances are. As Tom said, I think it’s more of a -- we’ll have more of an emphasis on the growth of dividend than we’ve had in the past.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But give that you’re at seemingly the midpoint of that 200 million, 300 million, you’re saying that you’ve outperformed, so you wouldn’t necessary rule out further asset sales clearly?
Andrés Gluski: No, absolutely not, absolutely not.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And what is the earnings contribution loss from the asset sales seen thus far?
Andrés Gluski: We have in our forecast through 2018, we have modest decrease in earnings from those sales, because first you never can deploy the cash immediately, and it depends on the assets you’re selling, its risk profile, whether it’d be accretive or dilute.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Turnure of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Turnure: I appreciate that you don’t want to give us too much detail on the Sul transaction or the potential of Sul transaction, but would you be able to give us, maybe the trailing 12-month EBITDA contribution from that business or PTC and then tell us how much debt is associated with that asset right now?
Tom O'Flynn: The PTC contribution from Sul is -- it’s modest, to be honest, it was a modest negative in the first quarter of the year. And last year, it was probably a couple of pennies of PTC, but it was -- right now, the way Sul is running, it’s a negative PTC. In terms of debt, we had -- it’s about $275, $300, around $300 under the exchange rates, roughly in my head when we paid it down, we got it down to about 275 in dollars. 
Chris Turnure: The debt is in reis?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, the debt in reis is obviously, I’m doing the math in dollars; but call it $275, $300; it’s all in reis, so call it then 1,100, 1,200. 
Chris Turnure: And you’re done with the recapitalization of that asset as of now?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, we put in 300 million reis, shortly after our last call paid down some debt, and we get covenants in that part of significant amount of time. Yes.
Chris Turnure: And then my second question is about kind of I guess 2019 and beyond. I’m wondering, one, when we would potentially get more color on earnings that year in cash flow that year, and kind of terms of your overall growth rate and what that would mean specifically? And then I also wanted to understand, within I guess that question, the contracting structure of some of your success here on the LNG side. You have clearly at least in Panama one particular power plant where you have a 10-year contract. So, I guess I understand that. But, then how do you guys think about the risk and the structure of the actual importing of the LNG and the regas there and the selling of that to third parties?
Andrés Gluski: Okay. We tend to give our longer term forecast in February of -- so that will be in next year when we sort of move out an additional. What we wanted to do was give your color that our growth will continue post 2018 and fact that we have a good pipeline through 2020 that we recently added to. So that was really the point of this call. Now, talking about the facility in Panama, Colon facility, so it has two parts, as you said, one the 380-megawatt combined cycle gas plant, with a ten year PPA with the credibility offtaker in dollars; and the second is a tank. And the tank, we’re using about a quarter of the capacity for this plant. This leads about three quarters. So, it’s really a question of tolling; we are not going to be taking commodity risk on this. So, this could be tolling fuel for other power plants. We did this in the Dominican Republic, we’re using it. We’ve built a pipeline to the -- our own actually DPP facility and converted from diesel to natural gas. And we’re selling it there to the transportation and industrial sectors. So, what we would have in Panama is first to meet domestic demand; there are power plants nearby, the other power plants that will be built that will require natural gas, so that’s first use. Transportation and industrial use would be second, following the model we had in Dominican Republic. And third which is very interesting is the ship bunkering. We would not be doing the bunkering; we would actually have somebody else do that, but they would use our storage and regas capacity. So, the way to think about this is you basically bring in large efficient, LNG tankers, you unload them in Panama and Dominican Republic and then you have various means of delivering gas to various kinds of customers or actually LNG as well. So, we do not plan to take any commodity per se on these transactions. We’d be providing a service, regasification service, a bunkering service and a hub service. And between the two, this gives us a very attractive position to be able to service people who want services in Panama and the Dominican Republic.
Chris Turnure: That’s very clear. It sounds like this would be within your risk tolerance or your risk profile of contracted assets, kind of at least medium term in duration and beyond with no commodity risk?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, that’s exactly right. And with some of the people who would be using these tanks, we would expect to have contracts as well, basically assuring a certain amount of capacity from our tanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: My first question is so, this Panama CCGT, you mentioned it's going to start operations in ‘18. Did you have it previously in your earnings expectations for ‘18; and if that's what's actually causing the guidance to move towards the high end, the percentage wise? That's one. And two, could you comment, if you have any earnings contributions for Sul and Eletropaulo in your guidance in ‘17 and ‘18?
Andrés Gluski: So, I'll take the first. No, this was not in our guidance previously. Now, realize that the power plant will come on line late in ‘18, so really won't have any effect on ‘18, it’s really ‘19 forward. And the storage tank will become fully operational in ‘19. So, this is outside the window that we have given in the past. Regarding -- I think Tom can talk about the contributions of Sul and EP.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, just to put a fine point, I think Sul has been running at loss and it’s been running at loss really since middle of last year. So, last year, it was down about 20 million to 25 million PTC and this year, we’re forecasting similar numbers. As we look at Sul, the earnings are -- we don’t have Sul in our forecast for ‘17, and inflection point for Sul will be their rate, the next rate case, rate adjustment mechanism, which is in spring of ‘18, that’s if we were to retain the business. In terms of Eletropaulo, the earnings were also very modest. We do have Eletropaulo, we do continue to have it in our business but its contributions are between $0.00 and $0.02, depending upon your forecast for Brazil. So, it's fairly modest number.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Fleishman of Wolfe Research Please go ahead.
Steven Fleishman: Just a brief question on the Ohio plant. I know we had the FERC decision regarding the PPAs, but we also had a decision, not too long ago on AEP's ESP by the Supreme Court that kind of might arguably be comparable to the plans you filed, so do you have any thoughts in context of that decision?
Andrés Gluski: I thoughts are quite frankly, we see that our filing, we think has been the correct path to take and we think it's within the PUCO’s purview to grant because we think it's a very similar to what we currently have in the ESP. So for those reasons, we remain optimistic.
Steven Fleishman: And then just on the longer term drivers, you've given great visibility on the growth drivers and particularly new projects. Just to fill out the picture, are there any visible cliffs or roll offs over this period that we need to match against the growth projects or are those pretty much kind of done with at this point?
Andrés Gluski: I would say that the only one we have is really Southland, that’s where are repowering. That’s more in sort of 2020 timeframe that we have the roll ups. And I'd say that that’s basically -- and in DPL, we have the -- our application for 2017 would eliminate any such cliff at DPL. So, we have nothing else major out there.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes. Steven, this is Ahmed. Just on DPL, our PPA expired in ‘18 but we still operate the plant through 2020; and in 2021, our new plant comes on line -- Southland, sorry.
Andrés Gluski: This is Southland. So, that’s the only when have we are PPA expires, so we are going to repower the plant.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Chin of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin: A question for you on the batteries’ segment, which is one of the more unique aspects of the Company. You mentioned that you’re seeing growth through two paths. Of the 394 megawatts in operation construction or late development, is there a way you can break out between what AES owns versus build by AES or is that all AES owned projects you…
Andrés Gluski: Those are all AES owned projects. So, we don’t have -- we are working very hard on these third-party sales. We have a lot of interest in projects we are working on, some with channel partners, some on our own. And we hope to be giving you news sometime within the next six months. This is in many cases -- we're quite frankly creating the market because we are talking with regulators to make sure that the regulations allow compensation for battery-based energy storage. So yes, that’s 100% our projects.
Brian Chin: And then, I know because the market structures are still under development, each project is sort of one-off situation. But, in terms of modeling this growth area, can you give us sort of rules of thumb about how to think about any modeling data points, for example like dollars per KW or return levels, just anything that we can use to try and get a little bit more specific on that?
Andrés Gluski: First, it’s the way we are looking at it. I mean -- and you are correct, I mean, in some cases, we are putting up relatively small projects, sort of 10 megawatts, 20 megawatts to open up a market. And a lot of the return we believe will come from third-party sales. Now, we also are seeing some markets that are more competitive, and you have basically very rapid build out energy-based storage. And so returns come down. We have others, but we are looking at sort of long-term contracts. So, I think that the way we would look at the returns is that we would expect to earn on average the same as we earned in our other projects. We are not subsidizing this business. What will be new for us, quite frankly is the third-party sales, because there we don’t have to put in any equity; essentially, we are using our intellectual property rights and our experience and the brand name of Advancion. So, it's a -- we have it quite frankly incorporated, the third-party sales, because we really want to get a good feel for what they will be like. But, with our channel partners, we are really casting a wide net. And we will see I think over the next 6 to 12 months much clear how big that business could get.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lasan Johong of Auvila Research. Please go ahead.
Lasan Johong: Thank you. Okay. So, Andrés, I want to ask Julien's question slightly different way. How long do you think AES to sustain this 12% to 16% growth rate beyond the ‘17, ‘18 expectations?
Tom O'Flynn: At this stage, it's a little bit -- we are not ready to provide, guide sort of four, five year guidance out. I mean obviously there is a lot factors there that would influence this; what are forward exchange rates going to be, what are commodity curves, energy prices. But, what I think we feel very confident saying is we are not going to sort of run out of growth projects in 2018. We already have significant projects that will come on line 2019, 2020. And we continue to work on ways to accelerate that rate of growth. And part of it is our use of partnerships and our sell-down of assets to continue to turn capital into higher growth, higher return projects.
Lasan Johong: Well, is it at least fair to say that AES has now come out of the restructuring mode that’s gone on for about a decade and now we are back into the growth mode; is that at least a fair treatment?
Tom O'Flynn: I think in terms of cash flow and earnings, it's a fair statement. That’s how we measure success, honestly; we not going to measure in terms of megawatts. And I think we are going to remain the very disciplined Company that we have been, certainly over the last five years. We are going to be very disciplined and make sure that again not fall into any sort of rapid growth for growth sake, I mean we really want to maximize. And I think one of the things we have shown is that we are willing to have less megawatts and less clients under operation, but have a better risk profile and a better growth profile. That’s really where we want to go.
Lasan Johong: Okay. Switching to Panama, is it fair to say you are looking at the source of LNG for the plant in Gulf of Mexico?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes. We have a contract through 2023 for gas from Trinidad for the Dominican Republic. In terms of the source of gas for our share, the 25% that we will be using, we have a contract with one of the big suppliers. They can source it wherever they feel best. Probably some of it will come from the U.S. liquefaction facilities in the Gulf. And then when they are -- we feel at the tank and other people are utilizing it and they are taking the commodity risk, it's up to them where they will source it.
Lasan Johong: Okay. So, it's coming from [indiscernible] model and not directly from this plant?
Tom O'Flynn: That’s correct, unlike the case in Trinidad that we’ve seen, but it was very directed and it was coming from Trinidad at the point, or initially. Now they have optionality.
Lasan Johong: Okay. A quick question on Brazil; there are very interesting assets, upper river of Paranapanema where AES's long said that controls that because it provides tremendous benefits, both in terms of cost as well as upgrades and development opportunities. It’s on for sale, any comments?
Andrés Gluski: I think that it’s true that Paranapanema which is owned by Duke in Tietê were once one company and was split in two. Having said that, what we’re looking at our complete portfolio, in terms of our risk profile. We have right now a lot of Brazil hydro risk. So, this really isn’t, we think in our sweet spot at this point in time. And we also understand that they are going to sell the whole package together, of all the other assets. It’s a pretty big ticket and there are other assets that we’re not interested in. So, what I would say is that really at this point, it’s not something we are actively pursuing.
Lasan Johong: Last question on Brazil, Brazil’s been long in recession/mild depression for the last couple of years. Do you think the Olympics will help bring it back out of that mode and back to a more possible economic profile or do you think it’s need a political change to get that.
Andrés Gluski: I think that the Brazil is a much more diversified economy than perhaps it gets credit for. I mean as you look at the GDP of the state of São Paulo, it looks more like Belgium than it does to some of the Northeastern states of Brazil, so to realize that point. Now, I think that Brazil got itself into the some funk, some policy issues, not just commodity price drops. So, the good thing is that they can work their way out of it. Our view is that they’ll probably take a couple of years at least for Brazil to get out of it. I don’t think that the Olympics will have any effect whatsoever. I think the key point.
Lasan Johong: Really?
Andrés Gluski: Yes, I really think that. The key point for Brazil is, determine the political process; who is going to be the President within six months and what policies he will pursue; so, having said that, Brazil has a lot of strong points in its economy. So, if they get their political act together and take some tough structural changes, I’m sure, it will be back within five years, I feel very confident that Brazil will be -- can be a strong economy again.
Lasan Johong: I’m sorry but I have to ask one last question, which is if that’s the case, then Brazil sounds like it’s on a very fine line between great candidate for divestiture versus great candidate for expansion. AES has available -- slide BNDES, yet still owns a large chunk of everything that AES has a footprint in except for Sul. And there’s been a lot of talk about privatizing the BNDES’ interests. Is that something that you want to pursue more aggressively, depending on the political situation or is this something that’s laid for a long time?
Andrés Gluski: We can’t speak for BNDES and what they decide to do with their assets. We did have the separation of our assets in Brazil to give us greater operating control in Tietê and greater capital structuring flexibility in general. So, we’ve done that. And I would say that, if you look at what we’ve done Brazil, we’ve certainly de-risked our self significantly, because we sold half of our holdings in Eletropaulo in 2006. We spun off the telco from Eletropaulo; sold that for $1 dollars. So we feel that we’ll continue to manage Brazil sort of holistically and look at what are the fundamental exposures we have there.
Operator: And our last question today comes from Charles Fishman of Morningstar. Please go ahead. 
Charles Fishman: Andrés, just to follow up that last question; you are probably most knowledgeable person about Brazil that I ever get a chance to ask a question to. In a quarter or two quarters ago, you talked about a turnaround in Brazil, maybe 2018. And now, in response to the last question, I heard you say like more like five years. Has something happened in the last three months that makes you a little more pessimistic?
Andrés Gluski: No, let me clarify that. I do think the turnaround in two years is still I would say possible, may be sort of 50-50 chance. What I think within five-years, I feel very optimistic at some point, I don’t know if it’s three years, two years, they will come back. I think depending on the political resolution of that the crisis they are facing now, I wouldn’t even be surprised that you have a sort of, I don’t know, call it euphoria but a pickup in sentiment in Brazil with the resolution. I mean we’ve seen that when you have certain political developments, they actually appreciate in the market. So, what I think is important to realize is that the crisis in Brazil has a lot to do with certain policies and not just the drop in commodity prices. So that makes the comeback more within their capabilities of doing.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay. We thank everybody for joining us in today’s call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, the conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - VP, IR Andres Gluski - President & CEO Tom O'Flynn - CFO
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Chris Turnure - JPMorgan Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Equities Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital
Operator:
W:
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Allison. Good morning and welcome to AES' fourth quarter and full-year 2015 earnings call. Our earnings release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at Aes.com. Today we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andres. Andres?
Andres Gluski: Thanks, Ahmed and good morning, everyone. Today I would like to start this call with a brief review of 2015. Then I'll provide an update on the trends we're seeing across our portfolio, our action plans and the net impact of all these factors on our 2016 guidance and long term expectations. As you are all aware, we faced significant macroeconomic headwinds in 2015, including an average devaluation of nearly 30% on our non-U.S. dollar denominated businesses. We also faced the decline of more than 5% in demand at our distribution businesses in Brazil which is now in a deep recession. Both of these challenges are persisting in 2016 and we're taking actions to mitigate their impact on our financial results. Nonetheless, we continued to execute well on our long term strategy to create sustainable shareholder value, simplifying our geographic footprint, improving our balance sheet and debt profile, fine-tuning our financial exposure by bringing in partners at the business and project level and profitably expanding our local platform. As a result of our consistent actions, in 2015, we were able to generate free cash flow of $1.24 billion, up 39% compared to 2014 and $66 million above the mid-point of our guidance range. This was reflected in the $531 million of parent free cash flow we generated which is $8 million higher than 2014. And we increased our quarterly dividend for the third consecutive year to $0.11 per share, up 10% versus the previous year. Unfortunately, we were unable to overcome all of the $0.11 impact from macroeconomic headwinds we faced and our resulting adjusted earnings per share was $1.22, down from $1.30 in 2014. This was within our revised guidance range, but $0.03 below the low end of the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year. Regarding capital allocation, we continued to return most of our discretionary cash to shareholders. Last year, we directed 62% of our discretionary cash towards share repurchases and dividends, specifically $481 million to share buybacks and $276 million to dividends. We also used $345 million or 28% of our discretionary cash to strengthen our balance sheet by pre-paying and refinancing corporate debt. Our proactive steps over the past several years have put us in a strong liquidity position. Over the next three years, we only have $180 million of parent debt maturities and we've already made 85% of our capital contributions towards our 5.6 gigawatts of projects currently under construction. To secure our earnings and cash flow growth over the next couple of years, in 2015 we brought on-line 1.5 gigawatts of new projects and continue to make good progress on the remaining 5.6 gigawatts of construction projects. About 90% of these projects are U.S. dollar-denominated and either regulated or have long term PPAs. Finally, we advanced a few profitable platform expansion projects in California, Panama and the Philippines. Now turning to slide 4 and our forecast for 2016. Over the last two years, currencies have devalued by as much as 40% to 55% and key commodities such as oil and gas have declined by 45% to 60%. The 2016 guidance we provided on our last call incorporated the impact from the macroeconomic factors I previously mentioned as of October 15. Unfortunately, these negative trends have continued and based on our sensitivities to commodities and foreign currencies, we've seen additional impact of $100 million on proportional free cash flow and $0.10 on adjusted earnings per share this year. Tom will provide additional color on the main drivers and their effects in a few minutes. Taking all of this into account, we expect to achieve at least 10% average annual growth in our free cash flow and 12% to 16% average annual growth in adjusted earnings per share through 2018, although all off a lower 2016 base. Our expectations for this growth is based on three factors, continued performance improvement, projects currently under construction and capital allocation decisions. First, turning to slide 5, let us talk about continued performance improvement. As you may recall, since 2011, we have successfully implemented a cost cutting program which resulted in a 25% decrease in global overhead, equivalent to a run rate of $200 million of savings per year. Last quarter, we launched a new efficiency and revenue enhancement program to deliver an additional $150 million in savings per year by 2018. This new initiative includes further overhead cost reductions, procurement savings and operational efficiencies and improvements. We have already launched the programs that will allow us to realize $50 million in savings in 2016 and we're confident that we will realize $150 million in annual run rate by 2018. Turning to slide 6, second, although we have directed the majority of our discretionary cash to share buybacks, debt repayments and dividends over the past four years, we have also been prudently investing in platform expansion projects together with financial partners. These growth projects are key to positioning AES for sustainable growth over the medium term, as well as maintaining our competitive edge. We're only investing in projects where we have an existing business, where we see attractive risk-adjusted returns and where we can attract financial partners. Partnerships both reduce risk and enhance returns, as they provide an additional market read on our projects and often pay AES a promote or management fee. In fact, since 2011, we have raised more than $2.5 billion by incorporating financial partners on our construction projects and operating businesses. And as I said earlier and as you can see on slide 7, in 2015 alone we brought on-line six projects for a total of nearly 1.5 gigawatts and they were completed on time and on budget. Turning to slide 8. We currently have an additional 5.6 gigawatts under construction, the majority of which are expected to come on-line through 2018 with an average return on equity of approximately 15%. The total cost of these projects is $7 billion and AES has already contributed 85% of its $1.2 billion in required equity contributions. A major milestone will be the completion of 1.6 gigawatts of environmental upgrades at our existing thermal generation plants at Indianapolis Power and Light. About 80% of our current construction pipeline is in the U.S. and Chile, where we're expanding our stable and U.S. dollar-denominated asset base at IPL and AES Gener. Now on to slide 9. Over the past several years, we have experienced many of the disadvantages of having an international portfolio. However, one of the advantages is that having pruned our presence from 28 to 17 countries, most of the remaining emerging markets we're in continue to experience robust growth in energy demand, supporting the need for our product. In Panama, Vietnam, India demand growth over the next three years is expected to be in the 6% to 10% range, while in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Mexico and the Philippines growth is in the 3% to 5% range. One notable exception is Brazil, where demand for electricity dropped 5% in 2015 and we're not forecasting a recovery in levels of demand until 2018. Now let me touch on a few advanced development projects that will drive our growth beyond 2018. Turning to slide 10, in the Philippines whereas I just mentioned demand growth is expected to remain at around 5%, we plan to break ground in the first half of 2016 on a 300 megawatt expansion of our 630 megawatt Masinloc facility. The $750 million project will be funded with a combination of partner equity, local debt capacity and free cash flow from the business in the Philippines. Now turning to slide 11. In Panama, along with our local partner, Grupo Motta, we won a competitive bid for a 350 megawatt gas-fired combined cycle generation plant with a 10-year U.S. dollar PPA. Using this bid as an anchor, we plan to build 180,000 cubic meter LNG regasification and storage facility, very similar to the one we built and have successfully operated for 13 years in the Dominican Republic. The facility will be strategically located near the entrance of the Panama Canal, allowing it to serve as a ship fuel bunkering hub, as well as meeting unmet local and regional demand for natural gas. With the completion of the sister facility to our existing terminal in the Dominican Republic, we will be the largest LNG offtaker in the Caribbean and Central America. We expect to break ground this year and complete the project in 2018. As you can see on slide 12, we've also achieved important milestones on the repowering of our Southland facility, where we were awarded a 20 year PPA by Southern California Edison for nearly 1.4 gigawatts of combined cycle natural gas generation and energy storage. We're making good progress on permitting and licensing and expect to break ground in 2017, with commissioning beginning in 2020. Finally turning to slide 13, we continue to maintain our leadership of lithium ion-based battery energy storage. We currently have 106 megawatts in operation in four countries. We have another 60 megawatts under construction and a further 228 megawatts in advanced stage development in the U.S., Latin America and Asia, including 100 megawatts under contract in California. In addition, to the nearly 400 megawatts that we have built or may build on our own business platform, we have reached important milestones towards third-party sales of our proprietary award-winning Advancion Energy Storage product. We recently signed an alliance agreement with the Mitsubishi Corporation to sell Advancion in Asia and Australia and a similar agreement with Eaton for select countries in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. As part of our drive to maintain the cost competitiveness of our product, we also signed an agreement with LG to supply batteries for our pipeline of energy storage projects. In our current financial guidance, we do not include any material income from third-party sales of our Advancion project. We believe this is prudent, since our alliance-based business model is in its initial phases. Nonetheless, we believe that the global market for energy storage solutions is expanding rapidly and will be quite large within five years, as utilities respond to greater renewable penetration. AES's businesses in attractive markets around the world and our long term relationships with local regulators and customers, provide us with an unique advantage in opening the door to energy storage. We will keep you informed as our alliances progress. Turning to slide 14, the third driver of our growth in per share cash flow and earnings, is our capital allocation strategy. Four years ago, we identified specific actions to improve total shareholder return, reduce risk and simplify our portfolio. Since then we have used 81% of our discretionary cash towards share repurchases, dividends and debt prepayments. Since 2011, we have reduced our share count by 15% and our parent debt by 23%. We have completed timely exits from 11 countries and netted $3 billion in asset sale proceeds, including more than $500 million in 2015. As you can see on slide 15, since 2012 we returned $2 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, including $757 million or 12% of our current market cap in 2015. While I have discussed our growth opportunities in some detail, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders and reducing corporate leverage. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom, to provide more color on our 2015 results and 2016 guidance.
Tom O'Flynn: Thanks Andres and good morning everyone. Today I'll review our full-year results including proportional free cash flow, adjusted EPS, proportional free cash flow and adjusted pre-tax contribution or PTC by strategic business unit or SBU. Then I'll cover our 2015 capital allocation, our 2016 guidance and longer term expectations, as well as our 2016 capital allocation. Turning to slide 17, full-year adjusted EPS of $1.22 was $0.08 lower than 2014. At a high level, we were impacted by the $0.11 impact from the roughly 30% average devaluation in foreign currencies primarily the Brazilian real and Colombian peso, lower operating results in Brazil due to lower demand and a general economic slowdown, as well as lower commodity prices particularly in the Dominican Republic. These negative drivers were partially offset by a reduction in share count of 6% of 40 million shares, lower parent interest expense and a slightly lower tax rate, as well as improved hydrology in Panama and the benefit of new businesses including Mong Duong in Vietnam. Turning to slide 18, overall, we generated $1.2 billion of proportional free cash flow, an increase of $350 million from last year, even though operating margin was down. As expected, in the Dominican Republic or DR, we settled our outstanding receivables. And in Chile we recovered delayed VAT payments for the construction of Cochrane and Alto Maipo. We previously expected to be in the low end of our range, if the PPA amendment and collection of receivables at Maritza in Bulgaria did not close. Although it's been delayed until 2016, we came in above the mid-point of our range as a result of improved collections and working capital improvements across our portfolio, some of which came late in 2015 rather than our prior expectation to collect in 2016. We also earned $1.15 billion in adjusted PTC during the year, a decrease of $171 million. Now I'll cover our SBUs in more detail over the next six slides, beginning on slide 19. In the U.S. our results reflect lower generation across our wind portfolio, lower contributions from IPL due to wholesale margins and the partial sell-down, as well as from DPL where a greater portion of the energy was sold into the wholesale versus the retail market. Proportional free cash flow also reflects higher collections, lower inventory and a one-time contract termination payment at DPL in 2014. In Andes, our results reflect higher margins as a result of improved availability in Chile and higher energy prices at Chivor in Colombia, partially offset by the 27% devaluation of the Colombian peso. Proportional free cash flow also benefited from increased VAT refunds. PTC also reflects the gain on restructuring at Guacolda in Chile. In Brazil, our results reflect lower margins due to lower demand and the 29% devaluation in the Brazilian real. Proportional free cash flow also reflects higher interest expense, partially offset by the timing of energy purchases, lower tax payments and lower CapEx at Sul. PTC also includes the net unfavorable reversal of liabilities at Eletropaulo and Sul. Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, our results reflect lower margins as a result of lower LNG sales demand, ancillary service revenue and availability in the DR, partially offset by improved hydrology in Panama. Proportional free cash flow had a very strong increase from the collection of outstanding receivables in the DR, as well as favorable timing of collections in Puerto Rico and Panama. In Europe, our results reflect lower margins due to the 16% devaluation of the euro, the 20% devaluation of the Kazakhstan tenge and the sales of our businesses in Nigeria and our wind business in the UK. Proportional free cash flow, however, was up due to higher collections in Bulgaria and Jordan. Lower PTC also reflects the reversal of a liability in Kazakhstan that was favorable in 2014. Finally in Asia, our results benefited from higher margins as a result of the start of operations at Mong Duong in Vietnam, as well as improved availability at Masinloc in the Philippines. Proportional free cash flow was negatively impacted by higher tax payments and the timing of collections and fuel payments at Masinloc. Now to slide 25 and our parent capital allocation for 2015. Sources on the left hand side reflect the total available discretionary cash, roughly $1.6 billion which is about $140 million higher than our expectation. This is largely a result of the approximate 4% sell-down of Gener in the fourth quarter. You may remember from our last call, that we expected additional asset sale proceeds of approximately $150 million in our 2016 capital allocation plan. We were able to close this in 2015 and now own approximately 67% of Gener, down from 71%. This brought our total asset sale proceeds for 2015 to $537 million. Parent free cash flow came in just above the mid-point of our range of $531 million. Turning to uses on the right-hand side, we allocated 91% of our discretionary cash toward debt pay down and return to shareholders. Specifically, we used $345 million to refinance and prepay over $800 million of high coupon debt. This included reducing our overall debt by $240 million and the issuance of $575 million of 5.5% 10 year notes which further extended our maturities and lowered interest expense. In addition to the dividend, we've invested $481 million in our shares. This brings total cash returned to shareholders through buybacks and dividends to $757 million for 2015. Since our last call when we announced our $400 million authorization, we bought back $136 million including $79 million in 2016. Turning to slide 26 and our 2016 guidance and 2017 and 2018 expectations. As Andres mentioned, our prior guidance was based on currency and commodity forward curves as of October 15. Bringing those curves forward to January 31, resulted an incremental impact of $0.10 on EPS or roughly $100 million. Our hedging activities have mitigated this impact by $0.03. Additionally since then, economic conditions in Brazil have also deteriorated by about $0.02. We've incorporated these impacts into our revised guidance. Our 2016 proportional free cash flow guidance is now $125 million lower, with a revised mid-point of $1.175 billion. This reflects the $100 million in macro impacts I just discussed, as well as the fact that our 2015 proportional free cash flow benefited from the accelerated collections in the fourth quarter. Regarding parent free cash flow, we now expect 2016 to be $50 million lower, a mid-point of $575 million. Although this is below our previous expectation, it still represents roughly 10% growth relative to 2015. In 2017 and 2018, we're still projecting at least 10% annual growth in cash flow, but off a lower 2016 base. Our 2016 adjusted EPS guidance is now $0.95 to $1.05 or $0.10 below our prior guidance with the mid-point of $1. In 2017 and 2018, we're maintaining our 12% to 16% growth rate, but off a lower 2016 base. However, we do expect to be in the higher end of that range. Before turning to capital allocation, I want to provide updates on a couple of our businesses, beginning on slide 27. Regarding Maritza in Bulgaria, recent energy sector reforms have now been enacted, resulting in improvement in the financial position of our offtaker NEK. We saw evidence of this in 2015, as collections were 24% higher than 2014. We've also seen progress recently in the financing process of NEK's parent to raise the funds necessary to settle our receivables. That said, our guidance includes only a modest portion of the outstanding receivables we expect to collect. Also this week, DPL filed its electric security plan which included a request for a reliability rider. Our plan tracks the criteria set out by the Public Utility Commission of Ohio which are designed to improve rate stability for customers, ensure continued reliability and promote fuel diversity in Ohio, while also ensuring the continued economic viability of DPL's plants based on a targeted 10.7% return on equity. We expect resolution of this filing later this year, with the outcome effective at the beginning of 2017. We remain on track to have our generation and wires businesses separated by that time. Turning now to 2016 parent capital allocation on slide 29, sources on the left-hand side reflect $1.1 billion of total available discretionary cash. This is roughly $50 million less than our prior expectation, reflecting lower parent free cash flow. Our discretionary cash could increase through additional funds from asset sales. Turning to uses on the right-hand side of the slide, with 10% growth in our dividend and share repurchases year-to-date, we're returning at least one-third of this cash to shareholders. Regarding debt reduction, improving our credit profile continues to be a priority. From a fixed income perspective, we benefit from lowering financing costs and ensuring access to capital. Equally important from an equity perspective, we think that continuing to strengthen our credit will help us get better recognition and valuation for our growing cash flows and dividend. Accordingly, we're targeting $200 million of debt reduction this year, over half of which we've already done. As an aside, we also continue to have good access to financial markets across our businesses which is still open for attractive projects at favorable terms, as we've seen recently with our advanced development projects and refinancings. As an example, just a couple of weeks ago we closed a 15 year nonrecourse financing for our Masinloc expansion project in the Philippines, an all-in cost of less of 5%. We have earmarked $330 million for investments on our projects under construction, as well as our expansion projects at Southland in California and in Panama. We will also be injecting $75 million into Sul in Brazil in support of debt restructuring which will strengthen Sul's capital structure by paying down a portion of the $330 million in debt currently outstanding. The equity injection will also facilitate agreements to extend debt maturities to 2020 and 2021. We believe those meaningful value in the business above our equity contribution. And following debt this restructuring which we expect to close shortly, we will be assessing all strategic alternatives for Sul. After considering these investments in our subs, our current dividend and debt prepayment, we're left with roughly $170 million of discretionary cash to be allocated. As in years past, much of this cash is weighted towards the latter part of the year. We'll continue to invest this cash consistent with our capital allocation framework. With that, I'll now pass it back to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thanks, Tom. As we have discussed, the macro environment has been and continues to be challenging. However, our strategy will allow us to weather the unfavorable macroeconomic environment. And just as importantly, it will allow us to continue to reposition our portfolio in spite of near term headwinds. Furthermore, we will be able to capture the financial upside, when these trends reverse. In the meantime, our portfolio generates strong and growing free cash flow. And consistent with our track record, we will continue to cut costs, streamline our business and allocate our discretionary cash to maximize value for our shareholders. With that, I would now like to open the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So a quick question here, in terms of target leverage. You've talked a lot about debt repayment this morning and just broader debt paydown strategies. What's your ultimate target ratios as you guys sit here today? Has it evolved much?
Andres Gluski: Well, I would say the first -- we paid down about $1.5 billion of debt over the past four years, so we've been very consistent in this. And so, every time we sell-down something, we also pay down some debt. Now let's say our target is to have sort of -- I would say, thinking longer term like 2019, 2020 to have sort of investment grade-like statistics and be like a strong BB by 2018.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And how much debt -- further debt pay down you need to do? I mean, are on track with your current trajectory of debt pay down? Or what's the total quantum per year you would need to get there, to be clear?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, Julien, this is Tom. I'd just add -- to be consistent what we said in the past, I think we said, maybe $100 million to $200 million a year. This year, we're on the high end of that range, $200 million. I think if we're hitting our numbers, then $100 million a year would be appropriate. But we believe would generally stick, at least for the next couple of years, 2017 to 2018, with a range of $100 million to $200 million.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. But you would hit IG, if at that pace?
Tom O'Flynn: We would hit IG stats. The ratings are obviously a broader issue. But if you look over a three, five-year period, we would hit IG stats over that horizon
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then just following -- a couple little items, just in terms of setting expectations. Do you expect asset sales -- is there any reason to think about that for this year? And then, also in terms of the new assets that you announced, the Masinloc 2, the Panama combined cycle, what are the specific EPS contributions from each of those plants once they reach in-service, at least in your initial expectation?
Andres Gluski: Okay. Regarding asset sales, what we've said is that we think on average, we'd been selling around $200 million-plus per year. Last year, we did a bit more, we did $500 million. I think the way to think about it -- we will exit certain markets when we think the time is right, but we'll also sell-down positions to get partnership money to reinvest it in these new projects. Now regarding the EPS contributions, what we've said is that on average, our projects will have a return on equity -- so the first three years of full operation of around 15%. It's going to vary a lot project by project, but I think what's important is we have -- are repositioning this portfolio. 90% of the new projects of that sort of 7 gigawatts that we've had, are U.S. dollar denominated, 80% of the new projects are in the U.S. and Chile. So we're repositioning this portfolio to be more contracted, more dollar-based and in countries with strong markets.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And quick last question, the EBITDA you provide in -- for DPL, is that reflect any above market assumptions for the ESP in forward years?
Andres Gluski: What we provided in there for the reliability rider, as we said in the past, it's incorporated into our numbers and it is a modest increase, versus what we had as a non-bypassable [ph] in the past.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: My first question, what is your confidence level in the revised earnings outlook for 2016? Given the ongoing global turmoil, how much cushion have you given yourselves, if things get even worse than at right now?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Well, we always give guidance based on sensitivities and based on commodities and based on FX at a period in time. So we feel very confident that we can deliver this, based on those numbers. If you have a further deterioration, we have the sensitivities. Now we have also engaged in some hedging which Tom can talk about, to lessen that. I think that if you look over the years, we've always outperformed our guidance based on the numbers at the beginning of the year. What has happened is that the commodities and FX have moved in a negative direction.
Ali Agha: Okay. I guess, a second question on Brazil. There has been some stories suggesting potential exit from maybe Eletropaulo Sul. You alluded to Sul in your comments. Can you give us a sense what you are looking at there in Brazil? And maybe bigger picture, if you are not looking for an exit, what is the strategic rationale for staying there, given the disproportionately negative impact that Brazil has to your overall stock and valuation, given such a small contribution to earnings, given the outlook that is not looking any positive, why are you in Brazil?
Andres Gluski: Let's step back a little bit. Since about 2006, when I got involved in Brazil to date, we've sold down probably about 70% of Eletropaulo. Until the last two years, Brazil actually was a pretty good contributor to our earnings and cash flow. Now I agree that the prospectus for Brazil -- for 2015, was a terrible year. I think 2016 is going to be bad. We don't expect a recovery in energy demand until about 2018. This is true. But I think you have to remember, that we only own16% of Eletropaulo. At today's market valuation, that's about $60 million of equity positions, it's relatively small. It's a publicly-listed company, so we're not going to comment on it. But I would say that we've been consistent in our strategy of let's say, of focusing our position in Brazil. And for example, when there was sort of an -- asset prices were high. There was a lot of pressure on us from -- to lever up Tiete and buy assets. We never did, because we never thought that those were good investments. So looking at the good, big picture for Brazil, we have 2,006 megawatts of hydro. They are very well-contracted over the next couple of years, at much higher than today's spot prices. I thinking in the future, it's going to be hard to get that kind of hydro assets at a reasonable price. So Brazil, again is in tough times. It's going to take some time to work its way out of it. But on the other hand, I think we have to take a longer term perspective of the AES' presence in Brazil, not referring to any specific asset.
Ali Agha: But the comment on regarding Sul, Andres does that apply to distribution exposure in general in Brazil? Which in the past you've said has been a challenging market for you?
Andres Gluski: Again I said, we've -- I'm not going to comment on Eletropaulo, it's a publicly traded company. But regarding Sul, referring to Tom's speech, we're going to look at all strategic alternatives. With the refinancing, with this capital injection and refinancing, this will give us a year's grace. And we will look at alternatives of how to make Sul more efficient and what makes the most sense for our shareholders.
Ali Agha: Okay. Last question, sort of more bigger picture, at what point would you be willing to step back and look dispassionately at the portfolio, Andres and perhaps followed the logic that some of us espouse, that the sum of the parts may be greater than the whole and does it make sense to maybe look at unlocking equity value, by perhaps breaking up some of the pieces of this Company? Would with ever occur in your mind or what's your thinking --?
Andres Gluski: Well, I think it certainly has occurred. I think we been very dispassionate. I mean, we've sold one-third of this portfolio. And I think that, if you go back and look at the prices we sold at and the timing, I think overall, we'd have to get a pretty good grade. So we always look very dispassionately -- we work for shareholders. What we're doing I think in many cases, is capturing a lot of that value through our partnerships and using that money to reposition this portfolio. So we will look at all alternatives. We've always said that. I think maybe a year ago, yieldcos were in fashion. A lot of people were saying, why don't you do a yieldco? We really thought that we -- from a fundamental point of view and that's how we always look at things, dispassionately and fundamentally, that partnerships made more sense. They were cheaper. They didn't create obligations for new investments and we think that strategy has played out. So certainly, we have an open mind and from time to time, we look at this. But it has to be something that, really fundamentally unlocks the value and is not something perhaps that's -- I don't know what the word would be, in style or with other people -- we're always open to look at all alternatives. I think we been very dispassionate, in terms of our sale decisions. And we always look at things, again from a fundamental point of view, whether that's investing new money. If we put new money in, for example into Sul, it's because we think that there is significant equity value there. So we do not have some emotional attachments to specific businesses.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Turnure of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Turnure: Going back to the balance sheet, I wanted to get an update -- or first, I guess, just clarify comments that you made to one of the earlier questions on your deleveraging intent, kind of slowly over time through the end of the decade here. Has anything really changed there over the past 6 or 12 months or so, as a result of Forex and commodity prices and some of the pressures that you've been under? Because it sounds to me like you're trying to paint a relatively consistent message here? And then conversely also, on debt capacity at some of your subsidiaries, could you talk about and just give us an update on Tiete and where that $500 million of capacity stands today? And then, maybe also any incremental availability at Gener or in Europe?
Tom O'Flynn: No, I think, our overall credit improvement comments are consistent with what we've said. And when we say, our credit ratio and credit statistic improvement, there's two ways to get there, the numerator and the denominator. We think more of the improvement will be in the numerator, i.e. parent free cash flow goes up which is the distributions from subs is obviously a numerator that we look at the most, for health of our parent credit. So we do expect growth, as we've talked about the 10% or more growth in parent free cash flow is driven by subsidiary distributions. So it's more the reducing debt and interest cost is a smaller part of the story, but it is part of the story. So I think just going back to what I said to Julien, I think we'll do $200 million this year. I think as we see it now, probably do $100 million each of the next two years. And that's consistent I think, with what we said over the last 6 to 12 months which is about $100 million to $200 million a year. It's also pretty consistent with what we did last year. If you look at the debt we paid down, some of it was attributable to asset sale proceeds. But about $150 million, $175 million was attributable to -- in our minds, just paying down debt and trying to continue to advance our credit story. And once again, we think that we can get investment grade type stats over, let's call it 4 to five-year period, on a gradual step. I think we're -- the facts and the pathway is pretty consistent. I think it's more of a focus let's say, certainly senior management, also at the Board level, because we certainly are paying out a pretty healthy dividend. We've got 10% growth and we really want to get shareholders to be comfortable in the stability and growth trajectory. And we think improving our credit will be part of that picture. Just the other thing -- quickly to touch on, yes, Tiete does still have about $500 million of debt capacity. Like all of our Brazilian utilities, they've got a debt to EBITDA coverage and they have very modest debt. So about $500 million would be available under their overall debt docs. I might be a little cautious about that number today, just because Brazil is a challenging place. But they certainly do have debt capacity and as we look to grow at Tiete, it would be with that debt capacity. We do have other -- I mean, in general around our subs, we do look to optimize our businesses. Gener is BBB- right now, I think it's, given the construction program, we don't see a lot of incremental capacity from Gener, but throughout certainly past Alto Maipo, yes, there is. But we do look at debt capacity around the business. One place is in Masinloc, where we're increasing the plant -- the facility side by 50%, with the 300 megawatt increment. That is being done through a financing that joins the credit of existing Masinloc with new Masinloc, that very much minimizes the amount of equity we have to put in. The same story we did in the DR. We did at DR a $260 million project, basically put no equity in, because the new project was stapled to the old one. So we leveraged available debt capacity in that fashion.
Andres Gluski: Chris, what I would add, is just to remind everybody, I think our debt is in very good shape. I think Tom and his team have done a great job. At the parent side, we only have $180 million of maturities at the parent and that's in 2018. So we have no maturities at the parent this year or next. And at the subs, 95% of the debt and the functional currency of that business and at the parent 90% is fixed. So this is consistent with what we've been doing. I mean, we have been repositioning this debt to put ourselves in a strong position. When you, for example, you had a tightening of credit over the last couple of years in global market, it's not affecting us. So this is consistent with that philosophy. It is just that, as these new projects come on-line, where we can give more guidance, in terms of the strengthening of our credit into the next couple of years.
Chris Turnure: And then, my follow-up is on the overall outlook for 2016 to 2018. Obviously, Forex and commodities have hit you guys pretty hard. And you also mentioned a reduced outlook for demand growth in Brazil on the utility side, as weighing on your outlook versus the last update. Are there any other drivers there, that we should think about better meaningful in the aggregate?
Andres Gluski: No. I mean, those are the drivers. As we said, it's commodity prices, it's oil, it's gas, it's FX and it's growth in Brazil. And quite frankly other than Brazil, all of our other markets are growing. Argentina could be flat this year, but we expect a good growth in Argentina 2017 and 2018.
Operator: Our next question will come from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: I wanted to go back to Brazil. I recall during the EEI, you guys mentioned that you seem to have a pretty significant hydro exposure in the country, both on the TSS side and the utility side. Tiete does have some debt capacity. We seem to be heading to a potential asset sale by other market participants. Do you think it would make sense for you to bulk up on your generation assets on the hydro assets in Brazil or in South America in general? Or would you rather be more conservative and just continue to return cash to investors and not to double-down, especially in Brazil?
Andres Gluski: I would say that, thinking about the other people selling some assets in Brazil, we really aren't looking at something -- like a large acquisition in Brazil. I can say that, no, we would take a more conservative position on that. And you are also right, that one of the risks, we want to measure and control really of course, is hydrology in Brazil. We have changed our contracting structure. There's a lot of water this year in South and south east of Brazil, so that spectre of rationing is gone, also with the drop in demand. We've also fortunately I think, had done a good job, the team has done a good job in terms of contracting at Tiete over the next couple of years. So we have prices around 150 reais, 149 reais per megawatt hour and the spot market, because of all the rain and the drop in demand is as low as 30 to 40 reais. So we're in a good position there. But answering your questions, strategically we do not see doing a large -- sort of doubling up as you put it, on hydro risk in Brazil.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And now a different topic, Ohio. So you've just filed your ESP. Similar to all the other utilities you're asking for a PPA for your Ohio coal plants. Now we're likely to have a FERC review of those PPAs with the other players. Now what is your expectation of -- about the future of these assets, if FERC were to somehow challenge the PPAs of the remaining two companies? Would you expect, for instance, Ohio to potentially fully re-regulate its power market?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, Angie, it's Tom. I'd say what we filed in Ohio was a reliability rider, so we're thinking about it from a different perspective than a couple of the other in-state folks. So we would be less focused on their situations at this point. We just filed it. It's generally, obviously, something we'll would expect to get resolved this year. We think it hits the points that I mentioned in my script. It's consistent with the PCO criteria and objectives. It would provide stability for a long period of time and we also think it would provide benefits to rate payers over the 10 year period. The numbers are slightly -- what we filed for is slightly better, than our -- than what we have now in our ESP. I'd say, we'd incorporate something into our guidance, but I'd rather stay away from specifics of what has been incorporated in our guidance. But we do think the plants continue to have an economic value and that is certainly for the 10 year period. And it's based just on the four -- on our coal plants which is about $1 billion of rate base.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to discuss trends, in terms of where AES parent is receiving distributions from its subsidiaries in 2015 and beyond? Could you talk to the trends in terms of changes over time, relative to what we saw in 2015, in terms of where the cash actually came from?
Andres Gluski: I'll go ahead and pass that over to Tom. But basically our big contributors are Andes and U.S., have been our big contributors. Asia growing somewhat, because as Mong Duong comes on. But Tom, perhaps you can give a more specific answer?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, Steve, how are you? We got some detail in the back of our deck in the appendix. I think 46 has some detail and there's also some more -- that's by SBU. In general, I think our distributions follow our largest areas. It's the U.S., as well as Andes. MCAC was a big contributor last year, especially with the collection catch-up in the Dominican Republic that we spoke about. And I think that over time, distributions generally follow proportional free cash flow and earnings. There may be some timing off by year. Often our companies will pay out dividends based on prior year's earnings, so sometimes there's a lag of a bit. But I think generally, our distributions are quite close to proportional free cash flow, in PTC.
Andres Gluski: Steve, the one thing we maybe -- if we had the full collection from Bulgaria, this would be an upside, because we only include a modest amount of money from Bulgaria and so, we've taken a conservative approach regarding. And as Tom mentioned, recent developments have been very encouraging in Bulgaria.
Stephen Byrd: So if BEH is able affect the financing and you are paid as you should be, then there could be further upside in 2016 in terms of distributions?
Andres Gluski: That's correct. That's correct, in terms of parent free cash flow, yes
Stephen Byrd: Okay. And I presume you don't want to lay out exactly the magnitude of that, at this point, in terms of the incremental?
Andres Gluski: I would say, in terms of our guidance, we'd be at the upper end of the range, for the proportional and the parent free cash flow that we'd get in Bulgaria. I would mention that, in terms of encouraging news, the Minister of Energy yesterday came out and said, that they had -- there are two phases to it. The first is, that the BEH, Bulgarian Energy Holdings would receive a bridge loan from banks for later on take-out. As she mentioned yesterday, that they had received significant offers from one of the bank consortiums -- I think expect two or three to come in. And that's very favorable, because we'd get paid with the bridge loan and we wouldn't have to wait for the bond operation. So that really, again that's a favorable development. Let's wait and see. If that does occur, that would -- and given that everything else happens as we expect, we would be at the upper end of the range.
Stephen Byrd: Just wanted to follow up, shift over to Latin America and just get your sense at a high level of buyer appetite, ability to finance acquisitions, et cetera, for I guess, Latin America overall and Brazil in particular, is it your sense that there is a viable buyer universe out there or is it a little challenging, given what we're seeing in terms of deterioration in places like Brazil? What's your sense?
Andres Gluski: I would really segment Brazil, from the rest of Latin America right now. I would say that Brazil is in a recession. But if you look at the rest of Latin America, its growth rates are actually higher than the U.S. So if you look at Columbia, Chile, Mexico -- Panama is growing at I think about 7%. Dominican Republic is growing, so I would segment Brazil from the rest. So for the rest, I think in most places, yes, there definitely is a market. Even in a place like Argentina, we're seeing greater investor interest, because a lot of the moves that the government has taken, are seen very favorably. I personally was down in Argentina. I can say, it's one of the most impressive executive teams I've seen anywhere, anytime. So they've already started to liberalize tariffs and rationalize prices. But if you get to Brazil itself, I think that these assets are definitely sellable. I think it depends on the asset. There is still appetite. There is still local groups who have the capacity to buy this. There is still a lot of plays of consolidation in the sector and you have foreign investors. You have Italians, Spanish investors, who are on the look-out -- and French who are on the look-out for assets. So I would say that even though Brazil is the market that's not growing and at the same time I think for quality assets, there are definitely buyers. The price may not be what it was two years ago for sure, but again, that's reflected in market valuations.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gregg Orrill from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Just to follow-up on the Bulgaria discussion, what's in your 2016 earnings guidance from Bulgaria?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, 2016 has an expectation that we settle here in the near term which would be our 14% reduction in tariff. So just from a PTC perspective and the PTC for the year is about $90 million to $100 million which is a little bit down from last year. I think last year, PTC was around[$115 million, $120 million. So it's a little bit down this year. Just from a pure PTC perspective, actually delay in the resolution payment and closing of our PPA adjustment helps PTC. Obviously, a top priority is to get that done -- which gets us on the right path forward and obviously helps proportional free cash flow and parent free cash flow, but bottom line this year it's about[$90 million, $95 million PTC
Gregg Orrill: So is the read that you feel your cash flow assumption is conservative?
Tom O'Flynn: I'd say in that respect, yes, our proportional free cash flow assumption would be conservative. It's a fairly modest amount that we have included, if you look at our mid-point, would be a fairly modest Bulgaria amount. So yes, if that gets done and Andres gave some color that the signs are certainly turning towards the positive here. If that gets done, then we could well be towards the higher end of our proportional free cash flow range.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ahmed Pasha for any closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you have. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha – Vice President-Investor Relations Andres Gluski – President and Chief Executive Officer Tom OFlynn – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Ali Agha – SunTrust Keith Stanley – Wolfe Research Stephen Byrd – Morgan Stanley Gregg Orrill – Barclays Chris Turnure – JP Morgan Brian Chin – Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lori and I will be a conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the AES Corporation Q3 2015 Financial Review Call. [Operator instructions] Ahmed Pasha, you may begin your conference.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Lori. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2015 earnings call. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O’Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that I will now turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our third quarter 2015 earnings call. Since our last call, the global macroeconomic environment has continued to weaken, and we have seen a further drop in foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and economic growth in some of our markets. As you may have seen in our press release, these conditions are reducing our earnings outlook. Despite these challenges, we are taking measures to reduce their impact and will continue to generate strong and growing free cash flow, which we will use to maximize risk-adjusted shareholder returns. Today I will discuss the impact of these macroeconomic factors on our outlook, our mitigation plan and our capital allocation strategy. Then Tom will provide our third quarter results, an update on our 2015 guidance and our capital allocation plans for 2015 and 2016. Beginning with macroeconomic factors I just mentioned, the majority of the decline in our earnings forecast is related to currencies and commodities moving against us as well as the deteriorating economic outlook in Brazil. As you may know, some of our businesses, particularly in Brazil, Colombia and Europe, have been impacted by devaluations of up to 35% in their local currencies. Furthermore, lower oil and electricity prices have a direct impact on our businesses in the Dominican Republic, DP&L and Kilroot. To mitigate the impact of these factors we are launching a $150 million cost reduction and a revenue enhancement initiative. This initiative will include overhead reductions, procurement efficiencies and operational improvements. We expect to achieve a least $50 million in savings in 2016, ramping up to $150 million including modest revenue enhancements in 2018. These bottom line improvements are on top of the $200 million of overhead cost reductions and the $170 million of productivity enhancements we have initiated since 2012. I will discuss these drivers in more detail in a few minutes. Turning to Slide 4. And our expectations for cash flow growth through 2018. Despite being affected by the macroeconomic pressures that I just discussed, our free cash flow remains strong. We are expecting average annual growth in proportional and parent free cash flow of at least 10%. Specifically, in 2016, we expect to generate roughly $1.3 billion of proportional free cash flow which translates to $0.90 per share. We also expect to generate about $625 million in parent free cash flow in 2016, which is 20% higher than our 2015 guidance. Our focus on approving sustainable cash to the parent through more efficient use of cash at our subsidiaries has helped us reduce the impact of macroeconomic headwinds on our parent free cash flow. As you may recall, parent free cash flow is the basis for dividend and capital allocation decisions. Turning to Slide 5, we believe proportional free cash flow is the most important valuation metric for AES as it represents the cash generated at our businesses that can be distributed to the parent or utilized locally to delever or fund growth. Proportional free cash flow is essentially operating cash flow minus maintenance CapEx adjusted for our ownership. In 2016, we expect to generate $1.3 billion in proportional free cash flow. Of this approximately 40% or $500 million is expected to be used to pay down nonrecourse debt at our subsidiaries, which generates equity volume and roughly 15% or $175 million may be retained by our subsidiaries due to timing or other reasons. That leaves us with $625 million of parent free cash flow, which is available for discretionary uses at Corp. Turning now to Slide 6, as a reminder, the projected growth in our cash flow is driven by our projects currently under construction which remain on budget and are expected to come online through 2018. All but $160 million of our $1.1 billion in equity requirements for these projects has already been funded. And we continue to expect average cash returns of around 15%. Turning now to our adjusted EPS guidance beginning on slide 7. In 2016, the impact from microeconomic factors is roughly $0.25. The most significant drivers of our revised guidance are first, the deterioration in the forward curves for commodities and currencies from December 2014 to October 2015 accounts for more than half of the impact, or $0.15, in line with the sensitivities that we provided. Second, we are seeing another $0.05 from more demand in higher interest rates in Brazil, primarily at our utility in Rio Grande do Sul, which has also experienced catastrophic flooding in October. Previously we had been expecting demand growth of 2.5% for Brazil, but we have seen a 5% drop in demand in 2015, and expect no recovery in 2016. Third, there is an additional $0.04 impact from regulatory changes at El Nino. The regulatory changes affect capacity prices in the United Kingdom and ancillary services in the Dominican Republic. Although hydrology, in Latin America has improved, we are still expecting El Nino to have a slight negative impact on our businesses in Brazil and Panama. And finally, we expect offset $0.05 of these headwinds through our new cost savings initiatives. Taking all these factors into account, our 2016 adjusted EPS guidance range is $0.05 to $0.15. Turning now to slide 8, which show our updated outlook for adjusted EPS growth through 2018. Although the net impact on our 2016 adjusted EPS guidance is approximately $0.20, our cost savings and other initiatives will reduce the net decrease to about $0.06 per share by 2018, which keeps us within the low end of our previous 2018 expectations. Now on to capital allocations beginning on Slide 9. When we laid out our strategy four years ago, we identified specific levers to improve total shareholder returns, reduce risk and simplify the portfolio. By completing timely exits from 10 countries and netting $3 billion from our asset sales, our portfolio is in a much stronger position today than it was four years ago. Over this period, we have allocated 80% of our $5 billion in discretionary cash to debt pay down and return to shareholders. This has resulted in a 23% reduction in parent debt and a 14% reduction in share count. In fact, as you can see on slide 10, since 2012, we have turned $2 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends including $700 million or 9% of our current market cap in 2015. Turning to Slide 11, going forward, after debt pay down at our subsidiaries, we expect to have a total of $2.6 billion in discretionary cash available through 2018, which is roughly one-third of our current market cap. After shareholder dividends and investments in projects under construction, we will have $1.3 billion available for other discretionary uses. These include targeting 10% annual dividend growth, continuing to deliver in order to improve our credit metrics and reduce cash and earnings volatility and opportunistically utilizing our new Ford authorization for $400 million in share repurchases. And finally, while we are still seeing a number of attractive growth opportunities, mainly in brownfield projects across the portfolio, the benchmarks for new investments has been raised. We are focused on completing those projects under construction as well as the South Line repowering and LNG-related facilities in Panama. We will continue to compete any potential investments against the other capital allocation alternatives I just discussed. I would also like to point out that the $1.3 billion in discretionary cash I outlined does not include up to $1 billion in potential asset sale proceeds through 2018. As we allocate capital among these alternatives, we will look to further reduce risk and enhance returns as we continue to fine-tune our portfolio. We expect to strengthen our credit profile over time as we pay down debt, complete our construction projects and grow our cash flow. These actions will improve the stability of our cash flow and earnings. The bottom line is our portfolio generates strong and growing free cash flow, which we will use to maximize risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom to discuss our third-quarter and year-to-date results and full-year 2015 guidance.
Tom OFlynn: Thanks Andres, good morning everyone. Today, I’ll review our third quarter results, including proportional free cash flow by Strategic Business Unit or SBU, adjusted EPS, adjusted pretax contribution or PTC by SBU. Then, I will cover our 2015 guidance as well as our 2015 and 2016 capital allocation plans. Turning to Slide 13, third quarter adjusted EPS of $0.39 is $0.02 higher than third quarter 2014. At a high level, we benefited from a reduction in share count of 6% or $43 million shares and lowered parent interest expense as well as higher equity earnings as a result of a restructuring of one of our businesses in Chile, which we discussed on our Q1 call. These positive contributions were partially offset by lower operating results at some of our businesses such as DPL and in the Dominican Republic, which were negative year-over-year but not material versus our full-year expectations. Through roughly 35% to the valuation in foreign currencies, particularly the Brazilian real and Colombian peso. Turning to Slide 14, overall, we generated $621 million proportional free cash flow, an increase of $194 million from last year and we earned $322 million in adjusted PTC during the quarter, a decrease of $32 million. Now we will cover our SBUs in more detail on the next six slides beginning on slide 15. In the U.S., our results were largely impacted by lower contributions from DTL, primarily due to the expected transition to market prices for our regulated load and lower margin volumes and prices. Proportional free cash flow was further impacted by lower collections and the timing of working capital at IPL. In Andes, our results improved primarily due to the gain on restructuring at Guacolda in Chile and higher energy prices at Chivor in Colombia, partially offset by the devaluation of the Colombian peso. Proportional free cash flow also benefited from increased VAT refunds related to the construction of Cochrane in Chile. In Brazil, we benefited from lower spot purchases due the seasonality and shaping of our contract requirement a Tiete, partially offset by a weaker Brazilian real. Proportional free cash flow was negatively impacted by increased working capital as a result of higher recoverable energy purchases at Eletropaulo. In MCAC our results were largely impacted by lower spot sales, financially service revenue in the Dominican Republic, partially offset by improved hydrology in Panama. Proportional free cash flow had very strong increase in the timing of collection of outstanding receivables in the Dominican Republic. In Europe, we were negatively impacted mainly due to a weaker euro and the timing of planned outages at Maritza in Bulgaria as well as the sale of the Abute in 2014. Proportional free cash flow improved largely driven by higher collections at Kavarna in Bulgaria. Finally, in Asia, we benefited from improved availability at Masinloc in the Philippines and the commencement of operations along at Mong Duong in Vietnam. Turning now to 2015 guidance, on Slide 21, based on year-to-date performance and outlook for the year, we are already at about 95% of the low end of our proportional free cash flow guidance and are confident that we will be in the range. One key variable that would put us toward the high end of the range is the receipt of the $330 million in outstanding receivables at Maritza in Bulgaria as part of the previously announced capacity price reduction agreement. Government-owned utility NEK and their holding company BEH are in the process of raising capital to pay these receivables. The remaining issue is the extent of government guarantee from bridge financing prior to the issuance of a long-term bond. While we expect to close later this year, payment could slip into early next year. Turning to adjusted EPS, as we have discussed in our prior calls, we have been facing significant headwinds of about $0.20 from currencies, commodities, hydrology and declining economic conditions in Brazil. We have offset the majority of these impacts with cost savings, hedging and capital allocation. Unfortunately, these same pressures have continued in the third quarter and we face an additional $0.07 impact. We have also faced a $0.02 impact from outages at DPL and AES Hawaii. We have been working to implement additional opportunities, but now believe they will be difficult to capture. We therefore are lowering our guidance range to a $0.18 to $0.25 per share, which is roughly $0.08 lower than the midpoint of our prior guidance of $0.25 to $0.35. Now to Slide 22, and our parent capital allocation plan for 2015. The sources on the left hand side reflect total available discretionary cash or roughly $0.5 billion. As a reminder, we previously announced asset sale proceeds from the sale of a portion of interest in Ipalco and Jordan as the sales of the Armenian mountain wind farm and our solar assets in Spain. Today we are also announcing the closing of the sale of our solar assets in Italy for $42 million, bringing our total asset sales proceeds this year to $401 million. We are also expecting an additional $27 million return of capital which, with our parent free cash flow, provides us with roughly $550 million available for dividend payments and growth incremental share repurchases, debt reduction and potential investments. Turning to uses on the right hand side, we plan to invest $140 million in our subsidiaries, which does not include direct investments by CDPQ into IPL. We have invested $345 million in prepayment and refinancing parent debt, leaving us with only $180 million in parent debt maturities through 2018. In addition to dividend, we have invested $423 million of our shares. This brings total cash returned to shareholders through buybacks and dividends to $700 million for the year. Finally, we expect to have unallocated discretionary cash of about $225 million for the rest of the year. Turning now to 2016, parent capital allocation on Slide 23, source on the left hand side reflect $1.2 billion of total available discretionary cash for 2016. This includes asset sale proceeds of approximately, $200 million, the majority of which is coming from one transaction that we expect to announce shortly. Discretionary cash also includes our parent free cash flow of $625 million, which is approximately 20% higher than the midpoint of this year’s expectation. Strong cash flow, the strong growth in our parent free cash flow demonstrates our increasing focus to upstream sustainable and growing cash from our businesses to further improved returns to our shareholders.  In fact, parent free cash flow is the largest contributor to the expected $2.6 billion in discretionary cash available through 2018 that Andres just covered. We’re also expecting $70 million in returned capital from operating businesses. Additional potential asset sale proceeds could further increase our discretionary cash by up to $1billion through 2018. Turning to uses on the right-hand some of the slide. As Andres mentioned, we’ll be investing in our projects under construction as well as already announced expansion projects at Southland, California and in Panama. After considering these investments in our subs, our current dividend and debt prepayment, we’re left with roughly $400 million of discretionary cash to be allocated. Consistent with our capital allocation framework, we will invest this cash in dividend growth, further debt reduction, to continue to improve our debt profile and increase the stability of equity cash flows, and share repurchases.  Regarding new growth investments, we will continue to compete any new projects against share repurchases. All in all, our 2016 parent free cash flow and proportional free cash flow are growing significantly over 2015. We expect this trend to continue through 2018 and beyond. With that now, I will now turn it back to Andres. 
Andres Gluski: Thanks, Tom. In summary, we’re pulling all levers from cost reductions, to capital allocation to respond to the challenges presented by a generally weaker global economy. As a reminder, our 6 gigawatts of projects under construction are largely funded and are the driver of at least 10% average annual growth in proportional and parent free cash flow over the next three years. Looking forward, we do not believe that our strong and growing cash flow is fully reflected in our valuation. Over the next three years we will generate $2.6 billion in discretionary cash, an amount equal to one-third of our current market cap.  As our track record demonstrates we will invest in dividend growth, debt paydown and share repurchases. In fact, in 2015 alone, we have returned $700 million or roughly 9% of our current market cap to our shareholders. With that I would now like to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning, can you hear me?
Andres Gluski: Yes. Good morning Julien, we can hear you fine.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. So perhaps just following up on the guidance instruction here. I just want be very clear. When you’re making the assumptions for 12% to 16% growth off this lower 2016 number, what exactly are you embedding by the time you get to 2018 in terms of FX and commodities? I just want to be abundantly clear about that.
Andres Gluski: Basically what we are using is those commodities and currencies that we have with a relatively liquid market, we’re using basically forward curves two years out. And then more or less a purchasing power parity thereafter. So we have considerable devaluations embedded into these forecasts.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And so then can you help articulate a little bit further the offsets? I know you just did a little bit just now, but can you elaborate a bit further exactly how you’re able to drive these potential mitigating factors?
Andres Gluski: So we’re talking about the $150 million initiative. We have already done a $200 million initiative which we started in 2012. Recalling a little bit, we had set out a $100 million program and we managed to get twice that number in savings. What we have in front of us for next year is $50 million and that will be 100% cost reductions. And these are things that we have identified in terms of becoming a more efficient company, streamlining our structure, streamlining processes and really making sure that every single dollar that we are spending is going towards meeting our objectives.  So, for example, we have to make sure that we are not spending any money on any business development, for example, in deals that we’re not going to do over the next couple of years. I think we have this very well identified for 2016. When we think of 2017 and we start getting into some of the initiatives that we’ve had in the past the we’ve started and we’re well underway. We have churn of accounts now, we are really looking at our procurement efficiencies. We are starting to really achieve significant efficiencies on our new construction projects.  So by standardization and by more global deals. We really think that we have to get this more into our global procurement as well. There will be continued streamlining of the company as well and this continues into 2018. The only thing in 2018, we see a small number, maybe 10% of this, 15% of this in terms of revenue enhancements, these are several things that we have identified. But one of them which we don’t have in our forecast is really having a channel partner to sell some of our advancing product. We think by then it’s reasonable to think that we’d have some income from this.  So we feel very confident about hitting this $150 million. And, if you go back to our earnings call, we have always hit our cost savings and revenue enhancement numbers.
Julien Dumoulin: Got it. And then just following up on the impact from El Nino, you kind of alluded to it but can you define that a little bit more specifically across your portfolio. What exactly are you?
Andres Gluski: Well, not all El Ninos are the same. This is a particularly strong El Nino. So that, normally El Nino would be favorable to, us but in the very case of the very strong El Ninos, it tends to be a bit drier in Panama than a normal El Nino. And, if you look at Southern Brazil you tend to get more rains in the extreme Southeast and somewhat less rains in the Central South. So were taken those into perspective. Normally in Colombia it’s somewhat better but with a very strong El Nino it is a little bit more volatile. So that’s the net that we think it’s a little bit negative from these factors. One thing that hasn’t been perhaps highlighted is that we have had really torrential rains in Sewall, in Rio Grande do Sul. We’ve had the worst rains since 1940. We have had storms that just recently knocked out 14 transmission towers and left half of the 1 million customers without power. And so that’s one of the things, for example, that’s affecting our 2015 guidance. So it’s basically these factors. It is a little bit Brazil, a little bit Panama and we are not expecting because it’s a strong El Nino to have the full offset in the case of Chivor in Colombia.
Julien Dumoulin: Great. I’ll leave it there, thank you.
Andres Gluski: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha of SunTrust. And as a reminder please mute your computer speakers. Your line is open.
Ali Agha: Thank you, good morning.
Andres Gluski: Good morning.
Tom OFlynn: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Andres, first question, beyond the FX profile that you’re looking at through 2018. Can you remind us what are you assuming for Hydro levels, for example, in Brazil? Are you assuming back to normal in 2016, 2017 and 2018. Or what is your assumption on Hydro?
Andres Gluski: Yes, Ali. We are assuming normal hydrology in Brazil for 2017 and 2018. That is correct. We’re assuming an El Nino through the first half of 2016.
Ali Agha: Okay. Secondly, can you also remind us why is there this huge disconnect between your earnings profile that continues to come down and your cash flow profile that remains 10% or higher with a proportional parent level? Why is the cash flow not being more impacted by these macro impacts on your earnings?
Andres Gluski: Yes. One of it is arithmetic. It’s a bigger number, so if you have an x amount of decrease, say $100 million, it is going to impact the smaller number more. But I think to be frank, we had a little bit more margin in our cash flow. And realize that our cash flow, as we have always been saying, is going to be growing faster than our earnings. And the primary driver is we have $3.5 of NOLs, we have higher depreciation that we have maintenance CapEx. And we also have some of the accounting for lease accounting and HLBV et cetera tends to spread this out. So I think, those are the primary reasons. They have not changed. And we been saying for some time that the fundamental strength of this company is its cash flow. And, I think that we have seen that even with these negative external factors, we’re delivering on what we had laid out.
Tom OFlynn: I’ll just add on one point that Andres just mentioned on the differential between proportional depreciation and proportional maintenance on environmental CapEx. We do continue to bring our maintenance environmental CapEx down, but that differential this year is about $300 million. The differential widens as new plants come on, that differential widens by about $75 million a year, so call it $0.78, that’s keeping earnings down, but growing cash.
Ali Agha: Got it, got it. And then thirdly, a more bigger picture. You’re doing a great job of trying to come up with internal offsets to these macro headwinds. Have you stepped back and taken a look at this entire portfolio? I mean, is this model working? That the AES global model and does it have to make sense for you to perhaps relook at the fact that the sum of the bars may be greater than the whole in terms of maximizing shareholder value?
Andres Gluski: We always look at that. I mean, we have an open mind. We know that we’re working for our shareholders. We will look at anything that we think increases shareholder value. Having said that, in terms of our portfolio, we think we have the global scale that really allows us to reach economies and synergies. So, for example, if you look at recent bids recent bids, whether it be California or the gas plant in IPL, which had to basically complete with alternatives or the gas plant and regassification terminal in Panama, we’re winning bids against the best in the business. And we’re able to do that because of this global scale and reach that we have. I think we’ve also shown that the portfolio, in this case, is offsetting. It’s doing well in one place; it’s not doing well on the other. And we think we have good combination of rapidly growing markets in Asia. And Latin America is going through a downturn in the cycle but realize that, other than Brazil, these markets are growing whereas, for example, in the U.S. it is a market where energy demand is not growing. Having said that, we have further fine-tuning to do. We have to sell down those areas where we have particular risks that have been affecting us. We are growing in those areas. If you look at where our growth is, 80% is U.S., or it’s Chile or even if you include Panama, it’s dollar-denominated. So we’re decreasing our currency and hydro risk over time. So we will continue to do what we’ve done in terms of fine-tuning this portfolio, taking advantage of our synergies, making it more efficient, cutting costs, standardizing to become the good operator. We keep an open mind. I think that we have – when, for example were people discussing Yoto in the past, we said we would look at it. We didn’t see it really a fit for us and we also felt that that would commit us to growth in situations where the markets may not be good. So, having said that, we will keep an open mind, but I think we have shown a lot of prudence in terms of going forward. We continue to look hard at our portfolio, what makes sense as a whole. And, we think we are on the right track. We have been hit with some pretty hard exogenous factors. But as we fine-tune this portfolio, we’ll be less susceptible to them over time.
Ali Agha: Understood. And lastly, did I hear you right, you think you’ll have another $1 billion in sale proceeds potentially between now and 2018?
Andres Gluski: Yes, we said up to. We said up to and this involves not only selling out of some places, but it could also mean selling down on specific businesses where we think we have too much of some risk or that we can churn that cash and put it to better use somewhere else for our shareholders.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Stanley of Wolfe Research. As a reminder please mute your computer speakers. Your line is open.
Keith Stanley: Hi, good morning. Could I just go back to the previous question on the cash flow outlook versus the earnings outlook? There is such a disparity there. Earnings, I guess come down a couple times now, but you guys continue to be able to maintain the cash flow outlook. So first of all, is the Bulgaria, the receipt of the Bulgaria receivables, is that now in your 2016 proportional free cash flow number?
Andres Gluski: No, it is not. As Tom laid out, we still hit our range without it in 2015, but we’re not including it in 2016.
Keith Stanley: So it would be upside to 2016 when you receive that cash?
Andres Gluski: That is correct.
Keith Stanley: Okay. And then, can you just talk a little more about what is – I know you identified some of the things that are driving cash flow to be stronger. How much should we assume is coming from opportunities within the subsidiaries to pull cash out? For example, you had that U.S. hold sell this year; you pulled about $200 million out. Are there a lot of opportunities to work within capital structures of subs that is helping to find incoming cash flow?
Andres Gluski: I’m going to ask Tom to answer this. I think the one thing to realize is that we’re focusing more on cash and getting cash back to the parent and that’s really what we’re maximizing. Sometimes there will be lumpiness in this, but not always from the same place. And we are also – but this is sustainable, because they really represent earnings from those companies that have been over time. So while there may be some lumpiness and when you get a back, it is not like a one-time shot. These things are sustainable over time and they will get bigger. Realize that we have about $1.1 billion in construction projects. We have our equity in construction projects. We have to put in $160 million more. We have a lot of money that is not yet producing results. So, Tom, if you’d like to clarify his question.
Tom OFlynn: Keith, I just on proportional free cash flow, maintenance and environmental CapEx is coming down. Just a general sense, it was close to $600 million this year. Over the next couple years, it’s going to be closer to $500 million. Part of that is working hard with efficiencies, but also we did finish an enviro retrofit program at Chile that is basically finished at the end of 2015, so that helps us. And you then you contrast that with growing depreciation from new assets, so it’s the differential between maintenance and environmental CapEx versus earnings. It is about $300 million today, and that differential grows about $75 million a year. We’ve always said, we do have NOLs that hit EPS, don’t hit cash. And then just sometimes when you bring a new business on, especially a new project, the earnings can be leaner at the early years, but cash continues to be strong. On parent free cash flow, it is an increasing focus of the business and a has been for a couple years. But we continue to find ways to drive efficient use of cash through the business. It may come through inventories, they’ll be down about 15% year-over-year. Our unrestricted cash on the balance sheet will be down about $100 million a year and it is down about $300 million from a couple years ago So we continue to look for efficient ways to run the business. I will say that, when we talk about parent free cash flow, all that is earnings. It’s either earnings from this year or it’s retained earnings from a prior year. When we call it parent free cash flow, it has to be earnings, either this year’s or last year’s or whatever. When we do something like the Jennco financing, if it’s a reflection of prior retained earnings, then we will call it parent free cash flow. If it’s a reflection of cash beyond retained earnings, then we will call it returning capital, and that’s why we make that distinction. To the shareholder, it’s really all money. We make that distinction which is really accounting driven. But we do think there are continued opportunities. A lot of that is growing cash in the businesses. It’s a function of proportional free cash flow, but then there are also opportunities to get businesses that may have delevered over time; we can re-lever them periodically. Obviously you don’t do that every year; you do that every few years. And of the ways to look to up freeing cash, that is a big focus. I will just say on the comment of, we do pay down a fair amount of subsidiary debt. $450 million, $500 million a year of subsidiary debt, and a lot of that we give value for, but we get it, let’s say, in loss. We will get it because we’ll refi something at one point in time that allows to have a chunk of your dividend that year. We may get it from the opportunity to build something where we have created equity value in a business and you build something, basically all debt because your equity all is already embedded in the business. Were doing that right now in the DR. And then also, obviously, the extent that we delever a business, like DPL we’re delevering. So on an aggregate-value business, equity is a bigger part of ag value.
Andres Gluski: Just to serve some high numbers, we’re paying about a 4% dividend. We have about a 9% parent free cash flow yield and about a 17% proportional free cash flow yield. I think it is very important what Tom said about the net debt that we pay down at the subs. The vast majority of this in businesses that are ongoing businesses, whether it be, for example, DPL utility. The money we feel that we’re paying down there, we’re creating value. I do agree that if that which would be going for an out of the money older coal plant, that would not be necessarily creating future equity value. But that is very small of that total number. So most of it is going for ongoing businesses. And realize that, because we are in markets that are growing, those plants that we have that we’re paying down nonrecourse debt are likely to even be recontracted at the same or higher prices in many cases. We are in markets that are growing at 10%. This is a very dynamic than in the states where we basically have flat demand.
Keith Stanley: That’s all very helpful. Two quick follow-ups. Can you give an update on the Brazil GSF cap and any progress there? Tom, I think you talked about at Maritza, sort of the issue is the government guarantee of the bridge financing. Is there a material risk there in Maritza or are you still feeling very confident on getting this done?
Tom OFlynn: Yes, let me get those one at a time. There are discussions going on down in Brazil about compensation to the generators for the meaningful reduction in output GSF beyond listing their nameplate. This year it is going to be about 83% to 85% of GSF. Those discussions are ongoing. I think there are some offsets, some exchanges that have to be made to get some of that. And we are cautious, I would say about whether that will be really a value to us. We’re not baking any of that into our numbers is the important thing. The team is working hard. They are working with other folks down there in similar positions, but at this point we are cautious. And we are not baking any value, cash, earnings or anything else, into our outlook at this point in time. In Maritza, we continue to be positive about it. As you know, we do have a large receivable now of $330 million. Everyone is on board in terms of the banks. The issue, NEK is owned by a holding company called BEH. BEH does have public debt out there. I believe it trades around 5%, 5.5%, but they’ve gone out for proposals from some bank groups. There’s two or three large groups. The primary issue is whether the banks would do a bridge before public take-out that would basically be a parry passive with the current BEH outstanding. Whether the banks would get a sovereign guarantee for all or part of that net, that is the major discussion. Our team is obviously in the middle of this. There may be some other ways to work our way through it. We think ultimately this will be resolved. We do think given its – time is marching on here for 2015; it may be in 2016. That’s not a material issue for us at this point. As you asked Keith, we will be in the range for proportional free cash flow if Maritza’s resolution doesn’t happen this year. All be it, it will be in the lower end of the range. But we expect it to happen next year. And obviously, we would have a very large number for next year. The discount that would accrue, which is about $2 million or $3 million a month, does not kick in until we get paid.
Keith Stanley: Right.
Andres Gluski: I think one of the important things to mention is that the Bulgarian government is in the process of enacting the regulatory reforms and terra pro forms that will make NEK cash sustainable over the time. There are two parts, one we want to catch up as soon as possible. But equally important is to have the enactment of these reforms which will solve the problem on an ongoing basis.
Keith Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley. [Operator Instructions] Your line is open.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, Good morning.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, Step.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to follow up on the point about deleveraging down at the subsidiary level. As you look out at the different subsidiaries, is there a potential for releveraging increasing financing there such that over 2016 or beyond you could increase the cash flow to the parent beyond your expectations? Is there a meaningful potential for that as you look at over the next couple of years?
Andres Gluski: What I would say is we do have a number of under-levered assets in different markets. We’ve talked a lot about Chiete, over time, how to relever Chiete. I would say that it’s really going to depend on the development in those markets and what rates we can relever these businesses. One of these issues we’ve had in Brazil at Sul, is that the interest rates on that particular business, which was hit by the drought and the lag in tariff increases and therefore needed more cash as the interest rates on loans in Brazil are 18% to 19%. So we will be cautious about that. Realize that 95% plus of our subsidiary debt is in the functional currency of that business. So that means means, in places like Brazil, you have to go with floating rates to accomplish that. So we don’t have a currency mismatch. But, to answer your question, we do have those opportunities. Tom and the team have taken advantage of it. In many cases it’s to put that money to work on what we think are very attractive adjacency sort of Brownfield type projects. There are opportunities there, but we don’t feel at this time to put anything into our guidance. It’s an opportunity we have to see how some of these markets develop.
Tom OFlynn: Yes. Steve, I just said, I mean we do have. It’s a great point. We are continuing to work at that that. Parent free cash flow will be up next year about 20%. That is why we have lost margin in the businesses for the currencies and other things that we talk about. Part of that is a reflection of trying to do exactly as you say.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. I wanted to shift over to growth. You’ve been able to develop a number of hybrid term projects. When you look out at potential further growth out there in your targeted market, do you think it’s a fairly target rich environment or do you think you are more likely to move towards greater amounts of share buyback given where the stock is? Generally, how do you see the context for even further growth in the future?
Andres Gluski: Obviously, where our stock is trading at is a factor. That really raises the bar in terms of what the projects have to return. As you pointed out, we have had very attractive returns on our projects. A key factor of that is partners. By bringing in partners who pay us a management fee or a promote or buy into a project, that really raises return on our capital. In terms of a target-rich environment, we are going ahead with those that we see are extremely profitable short-term platform additions. Desal in Chile, as an example. We are going to complete our projects in Panama and Southland. But we are narrowing our scope because of the drop in our share price also, quite frankly, because of the decrease of cash flow of some of our subsidiaries, as a result of XF and commodities. I think we will continue to do what we’ve been doing. We will continue to strengthen our credit over time. We have allocated some paydown of debt in 2016 as we did in 2015 and as we have done before. And that will continue to make us more stable in terms of earnings and cash flow at the parent. So that’s the focus that we have. So in summary, we continue to see good opportunities, but the bar has been raised. We will continue to use partnerships extensively to take advantage of it and we will continue to try to get the optimal portfolio. Taking Ali’s question, we want to get to a portfolio which has the growth, but has less of certain risks be it hydrology are specific markets.
Stephen Byrd: That’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill from Barclays. As a reminder, please mute your computer speakers. Your line is open.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you. I had two questions. First on DPL. Can you talk a little bit more about how you expect the credit to be trending and maybe on an FFO to debt basis over the next number of years. And then on Brazil. How much of the 2016 earnings impact was related to Brazil, and how are you thinking about managing that position in general? Thank you.
Andres Gluski: Okay. Yes, I’ll ask Tom to talk about the credit improvement for us at DP&L and then we’ll come back to the Brazil question.
Tom OFlynn: We continue to pay down debt. I haven’t got the FFO projections offhand, but the next maturity which is with at the DPL parent, not DP&L, the utility is $130 million next fall and we expect to be able to pay that off with internal cash flow that was contemplated when we left some of it outstanding with the refi we did a year or so ago. So we continue to see debt paydown. We will be transitioning the DP&L integrated utility from a fully integrated. We will be creating a Jennco, basically a sister to the utility that will involve some refinancing at the DP&L level, and that we’ll be over the next couple of years, within the next couple of years. We can follow up with the FFO specifically at DPL and DP&L.
Gregg Orrill: Okay.
Andres Gluski: When you’re asking about Brazil, are you asking versus 2015 or versus our prior 2016 guidance?
Gregg Orrill: Prior 2016. How much of the $0.20, roughly $0.20, impact is Brazil?
Andres Gluski: It’s approximately $0.05 that is coming from Brazil from the different things that are happening in Brazil. Again, going back, we had a 5% decrease in demand, which is very strong, this year. It’s reflecting a weakening economy. The economy in Brazil is actually contracting between 2.5% and 3% this year. In addition, you had increase in tariffs and you’ve had these terrible weather conditions in Sul. That’s a part of the things that are affecting demand in Brazil and then you have the effect on the currencies.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Turnure of JP Morgan. And as a reminder please mute your computer speakers. Your line is open.
Chris Turnure: Good morning. I just wanted to touch a little bit more on growth opportunities both organically and via asset purchases outside the Company. You guys have kind of already given color on this, but mentioned that there’s a higher bar now due to your lower share price and the alternative there of repurchasing shares. Are there any particular markets via purchases or organic growth that are that much more attractive today versus a year ago that the investment opportunities with the leverage with the JV partners might make you more interested in certain areas versus others or certain risk profiles versus others?
Andres Gluski: I think we would have to really look at the distribution of our portfolio. And really where we have synergies. We’re not going to do any deals, we’ve always said, that would just bring money. There really has to be synergies or something special to it. Right now we’re really focused on completing our projects and those that we mentioned are Southland and Panama, a little desal in Chile. And some energy storage projects which we think have a great potential not only for the projects themselves, but also to help us with third-party channel sales of our technology. I would say Mexico is a market that looks attractive given the partner that we have, but we’re going to be very disciplined. We’re going to be disciplined going forward, because, obviously, we have to react to the change of circumstances. We think that we have a lot of embedded growth in what we have already done. We do not want to be in a situation where we are spending on things that therefore we cannot finance or we have better opportunity to use that money somewhere else. Now having said that, if we give guidance out to 2018, but obviously 2019 is going to be even stronger. And then in 2020, you have Southland coming on. So we also want to have the opportunity for of these brownfield additions in the 1920s space, but we’re not going to be spending a lot of money chasing them at this stage. But if there are opportunities that we can keep at a low cost on the back burner, we will be looking at those.
Chris Turnure: Okay great. And then just could you give us some high-level thoughts on Brazil right here? You touched on hydrology for next year and that you think load growth is probably going to be around flat versus it being down so much this year. Could you talk more to the medium and longer term picture there?
Andres Gluski: Sure, I think there are two things in Brazil. One is that they are in a recession now. It is a going to take a little time for them to work their way out of it, in my opinion. There’s obviously a lot of political confusion, which doesn’t help. But, having said that, in the case of Brazil, this is an economy which has a population in the optimal level. It is still growing. There is still a lot of opportunities in Brazil, especially they do have structural reforms. So I think everybody, if you look at a medium to longer term outlook for Brazil, in the energy sector, will be far more positive than the outlook today, because you’re really looking at it. I think what is important to realize about Brazil, it is not just commodities that’s affecting them. It has really been internal politics and internal decisions. So, their ability to recover is much greater. So that’s it. We don’t expect great recovery in Brazil in 2016, and maybe even 2017. But thereafter, the fundamentals as the market look pretty sound.
Chris Turnure: Great. Thanks Andres.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Brian Chin of Merrill Lynch. And please mute your computer speakers. Your line is open.
Brian Chin : Hi, good morning.
Tom OFlynn: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Chin: Just a clarification on the guidance. You mentioned that there had been share repurchases of 400 million that were newly authorized by the Board. Does the guidance consider those share repurchases, or no? 
Tom OFlynn: In terms of the longer-term guidance, we have some modest share repurchases in there. I would point out that I’ve always said in the past, we do always get the authorizations that we need. But we have said that we would do this opportunistically. So we will be very, again, disciplined in our execution of this. In terms of cash, we have some debt pay down as well into these forecast to make sure that we are credit neutral or improving our credit overtime.
Brian Chin: So then, just to be clear, the longer-term guidance considers some portion of 400 million share repurchases? The near-term numbers we should assume do not incorporate any; is that right?
Tom OFlynn: Yes, Brian. We look at a balance of share repurchase and debt repayment. It takes time, there’s opportunities to complete those. We’ll look at those, but we don’t put hypotheticals into our numbers. It’s an allocation of discretionary cash beyond our CapEx as to find between share repurchase and debt payment.
Brian Chin: Okay, understood. I realize that I’m perhaps delving in a little too nitty-gritty on what is assumed in there or not. But one more question on this front. We’re talking about still pursuing $1 billion in asset sales proceeds. That is not considered in the guidance? Or is it?
Tom OFlynn: It’s really a good question. First I want to clarify. This is up to $1 billion. So we don’t have a targeted $1 billion in sales. So this is up to $1 billion. It will depend on the opportunities and the use that we have for that cash. I want to make that perfectly clear. In terms of our guidance, we do have continued fine- tuning of our portfolio. We have some consideration for some modest dilution from some of the sales. Because that may not pan out in the sense it depends what we sell, the timing of what we sell. But we are being prudent in here that if we sell so. We will update that in terms of some of these asset sell downs materialize. And of course and it will vary very much the net effect. Whether it’s exactly what we have embedded or not, will depend on the use of that cash, whether it’s debt paydown or share buybacks or it’s another project and what’s the gestation period of that project.
Brian Chin: Understood. And last question, the $150 million cost-cutting initiative that was launched, can you give us a sense of what is mechanically are you looking at? You’ve had a number of cost-cutting initiatives over the last few year, many of which have been successful. Just a little more color on what you’re envisioning with this one and can you give us an SBU or at least geographic breakdown of where most of the cost initiatives you think --?
Tom OFlynn: I’m going to pass this one to Bernard. We’re not going to give a breakdown by SBU. But Bernard can give you a little color about some of the things. He’s looking at the SBU level, but this is everyone. This is finance; this is IT; this is absolutely everything is being look at in the Company. 
Bernerd Da Santos: When you look at what we have done since 2012, we have seen more opportunity for seeds we moved actively for the SBU. So we’re taking advantage for economies of scales, some process, some monetization. I’m trying to give you a flavor of four pockets that we’re looking more into that quarter. The first one is intensified our progress in subsidiaries and economies of scale that is very focused on sourcing, cold, scarce inventory and long-term service agreements. The second part that we have here is centralized our global G&A. We continue to focus on that. We have roughly about $480 million is the global G&A ownership-adjusted. So we have financiers, we have service centers already lower across locations where we operate. So we’re going to lever up those. We want to continue to have more G&A transactional process, or back-office activity done in those lower cost locations. The other one is done that is estimatization and relegation of what our AES programs, that is actually to improve our profitability for our 35 gigawatts fleet. That is also including cheap grade and lower our outage or efforts that we have in our fleet. And the last pocket is really streamline our organization as we rebalance the portfolio. As we sell down some of our business, as we sell some of our assets, we also were looking for what are the new operations that are coming in for our construction. We’re streamlining our organization in order to be more centralized and more focused on more efficient base on the portfolio that we have.
Brian Chin: Great. Thank you very much.
Andres Gluski: Well, we thank everybody for joining us on today’s call. We look forward to seeing you at EAI. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to call our team. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Gluski - President and Chief Executive Officer Tom O’Flynn - Chief Financial Officer Bernerd da Santos – SVP and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Ali Agha - SunTrust Chris Turnure - JPMorgan Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Gregg Orrill - Barclays Charles Fishman - Morningstar Equity Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS
Operator: Good morning. My name is Alica, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the AES Corporation Q2 2015 Financial Review. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ahmed Pasha, you may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks, Alice. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings call. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O’Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to, Andres. Andres?
Andres Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2015 earnings call. Today, we reported second quarter EPS of $0.25 and proportional free cash flow of $62 million and we are reaffirming our 2015 guidance ranges for all metrics despite facing increased headwinds from foreign currencies. Before Tom and I provide more color on our results for the second quarter and first half of the year, allow me to review our progress on the priorities for 2015 that I provided on our earnings call in February. First, we are making good progress to reach closure on key pending issues that could impact some of our businesses. At Eletropaulo in Brazil, we have had a reasonable outcome in our four year rate case. At Maritza in Bulgaria, important milestones have been reached towards the resolution of our outstanding accounts receivable. Second, we are executing on our construction program and leveraging our platforms. In April, we commissioned our 1.2 gigawatt Mong Duong plant in Vietnam six-month early and under budget. Our remaining $7 billion construction program is advancing on schedule and we expect to bring 6 gigawatts online by the end of 2018. In July, we also broke ground on three new energy storage projects, including our first two in Europe. Third, we are expanding our access to capital through partnerships at the project and business level. Today, I’m very pleased to announce that we are forming a new 50/50 joint venture with Grupo BAL to invest in power and related infrastructure projects in Mexico. And finally, regarding capital allocation, we have delivered on our commitment to invest at least $325 million in share repurchases. Today, we are announcing that we intend to utilize the approximately $100 million left on our buyback authorization during the remainder of this year. In 2015, between buybacks and dividends, we will return $700 million to shareholders or approximately 8% of our current market cap. I will provide more detail on these achievements in a movement, but now I’d like to briefly discuss our financial results and our expectations for the remainder of the year on slide four. Our year-to-date 2015 adjusted EPS of $0.50 is in line with our results of last year and our proportional free cash flow of $327 million is well ahead of first half 2014 results. Our earnings and cash flow are typically weighted towards the second half of the year. We expect our second half results to benefit from improved availability due to less plant maintenance, better hydrology in Latin America and higher collections in Bulgaria and the Dominican Republic. Although, there is still a lot of work to be done to deliver on stronger cash flow in the second half of the year, we remain confident that we will achieve our financial guidance for 2015. Now, let’s discuss some key issues at our businesses in Brazil on slide five. As we discussed on prior calls, we have seen a decline in electricity consumption in Brazil, which is the result of the economic recession and higher energy prices. Today, economists are projecting a 2% contraction of GDP for 2015. In addition, dry hydrology is leading to high electricity prices by requiring the dispatch of more expensive thermal energy. As a result, we are forecasting a 4% year-over-year decrease in volume at our Brazilian utilities in 2015. Nonetheless, we have already factored in the softness in our prior forecast. As a reminder, every 1% change in volume in our Brazilian utilities has a $7 million pretax impact on our bottom line. Turning now to hydrology on slide six. In Brazil, we have seen rainfall improve more than expected since our last call. In July, rainfall was 156% of the long-term average and reservoir levels are projected to be 37% by the end of August materially higher than the 20% levels at the beginning of the year. Improvement in hydrology in Brazil is reflected in spot prices, which are now around 120 reis per megawatt hour significantly lower than last year. We now see the risk of rationing electricity in Brazil in 2015 as remote, but we continue to expect a negative earnings impact of $0.07 per share from poor hydrology this year. In Panama, we are observing a return to normal hydrology and spot prices are about $100 per megawatt hour, one-third of the prices we saw last year. In Colombia, our 1 gigawatt hydro plant Chivor is experiencing stronger inflows close to the historical average. While in the rest of the country, inflows are 90% of the long-term average. Turning to slide seven, we have received approval for Eletropaulo’s four-year tariff reset. This outcome sets a strong foundation for predictable cash flow and earnings from this business through 2019. Lastly, we have successfully negotiated the restructuring of Brasiliana, where we own various businesses in partnership with BNDES, the state-owned development bank. Through this restructuring, we are separating our generation business, Tietê, from other businesses under the Brasiliana umbrella. This separation will give us more control of operations and capital allocation decisions at Tietê. Once this transaction is completed, we will be in a more favourable position to grow Tietê by tapping into approximately $500 million of debt capacity at this business. Turning to slide eight, as you may recall, in April, Maritza signed an MoU with its offtaker, NEK, whereby Maritza would receive a full payment of all arrears, which as of June 30 were $281 million in exchange for a reduction in the capacity price of the long-term PPA. Since our last call, we have secured the required approvals from the project lenders and from the Bulgarian regulator. At the same time, the government of Bulgaria has taken concrete steps to improve NEK’s financial position. Parliament has approved the energy sector reforms to support NEK through a new 5% tax on generators income as well as allocating all proceeds from the sale of the state’s CO2 allowances to NEK. Finally, the regulator announced an increase in the tariff of up to 20% for certain classes of industrial users and reduce NEK’s commitment to procure more expensive renewable energy. These steps will strengthen NEK’s financial position and allow the Bulgarian public sector to raise the necessary financing to pay their outstanding receivables. We expect to sign a binding agreement and collect on all arrears in the second half of the year. Collecting from NEK will be an important contributor to the improvement in our free cash flow in the second half of the year. Now let’s turn to our progress towards our strategic objectives beginning with construction on slide nine. Our construction program is the most important driver of our 10% to 15% average annual growth in free cash flow over the next few years. This strong growth in cash flow is the foundation for our commitment to a 10% annual dividend increase as well as all other capital allocation decisions. From 2015 through 2018, we expect to commission 7 gigawatts of new capacity in comparison with roughly 600 megawatts we brought online in the three years from 2012 through 2014. Through June, we’ve already brought online 1.3 gigawatts, which is nearly 90% of the capacity we plan to commission in 2015. Moving onto slide 10, our remaining 5.8 gigawatts under construction are progressing well and remain on time and on budget. As you can see on the slide, roughly 80% of this new capacity is in the Americas. As a reminder, total CapEx for our projects currently under construction is $7 billion, but the AES’ equity commitment is only $1.3 billion and all but $400 million has already been funded. We expect an average return on equity from these projects of more than 15%. Turning now to slide 11, as we discussed on our last call, we achieved commercial operation on our 1.2 gigawatt Mong Duong project in Vietnam six months early and under budget. The plant is operating at full load and will help meet Vietnam’s rapidly growing demand for electricity and provides us with a solid platform in the country. Moving on to slide 12. We are the world leader in battery-based energy storage with 86 megawatts of installed capacity. We are seeing growing regulatory support and greater acceptance by utilities in our markets. As a result, we recently broke ground on three new energy storage projects totaling 40 megawatts in three countries. We are consolidating our global leadership and now have a total of 70 megawatts of energy storage under construction that we expect to come online through 2016 and 200 more megawatts in late stage development. We are very well-positioned to continue to take advantage of this emerging business opportunity given AES' portfolio and eight years of successful and profitable experience operating battery-based energy storage. Turning to the new joint venture we are forming in Mexico on slide 13. Today, we announced that we signed an MoU with Grupo BAL, a Mexican business conglomerate with a market cap of $11 billion to pursue new power desalinization and natural gas projects. Grupo Bal is one of the largest and most respected business groups in Mexico and one of Grupo Bal subsidiaries, Grupo Penoles is the off-taker of our TEP plant in Mexico. As you may know, Mexico is in the process of implementing new energy sector reforms, which will allow for greater private sector participation. Over the next 10 years, it is estimated that Mexico will need 25 gigawatts of new or replacement generation. We have owned and operated a successful generation business in Mexico for more than 15 years and now with Grupo Bal we’re poised to take advantage of the opening of the energy sector. Turning to slide 14, looking at growth opportunities beyond our projects currently under construction, all of which we expect to complete by 2018, our future project mix is likely to be heavily weighted towards natural gas and renewable, while using our platforms to provide energy storage, desalinization and LNG related services. In particular, in arid and semi-arid regions such as Chile, where our plants on the coast are already providing desalinization for their own needs, long-term desalinated water contracts can be an attractive business. Using existing infrastructure and permits significantly reduces the cost of providing desalinated water to third-parties such as municipal water authorities, mining and industrial customers. Based on all of the opportunities we see across our portfolio, we believe we can invest $300 million to $400 million of AES equity in attractive growth projects each year, which is consistent with the amount of equity we are currently contributing to our growth projects. This amount of equity investment is quite moderate considering the strong growth in our free cash flow. In addition, we can use the debt capacity at our existing businesses such as Brazil, Chile, the Philippines and the Dominican Republic to fund growth projects. Recycling capital has been and will remain an integral part of our strategy. Over the past four years, we have raised $3.1 billion in asset sale proceeds and another $2.5 billion in partner equity at the business and project level. These actions have permitted us to reposition our portfolio, pay down our debt, improve risk adjusted returns, and accelerate our growth profile. Before turning the call over to Tom, I would like to emphasize that as we have demonstrated to date, we will continue to compete all new investments against share repurchases in order to ensure that we are maximizing risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. To that end, as you can see on slide 15, we are returning $700 million to our shareholders in 2015, which is 8% of our current market cap. We have returned a total of $2 billion to shareholders since September 2011 and reduced parent debt by $1.5 billion or 25% while significantly lessening it’s average tenure. With that I will turn the call over to Tom to discuss our second quarter and year-to-date results and full-year guidance in more detail.
Tom O’Flynn: Thanks Andres and good morning everyone. Our first-half results and the reaffirmation of our guidance demonstrate the benefits of our proactive actions to mitigate the impact from currency devaluation in other macro factors we’ve experienced over the last several months. Today, I’ll review our second quarter results, including adjusted EPS, adjusted pretax contribution or PTC by strategic business unit or SBU, proportional free cash flow by SBU, then I’ll cover our 2015 guidance and our 2015 capital allocation plan. Turning to slide 17, second quarter adjusted EPS of $0.25 was $0.03 lower than second quarter 2014. At a high level, we were negatively impacted by the following, $0.04 operating impacts, including timing of plant maintenance of certain businesses, as well as lower demand in contracting strategy in Brazil. These were offset by favorable hydrology in Panama, in Colombia and new businesses coming online. We had a $0.02 impact from a stronger U.S. dollar, which appreciated roughly 20% against the Brazilian Real, Colombian Peso, and the Euro. Finally a $0.02 net impact from other adjustments, primarily the favorable reversal of liabilities in Brazil and Kazakhstan in 2014 offset by the favorable reversal of a liability at Eletropaulo in 2015. On the positive side, we benefited $0.04 from a lower tax rate of 30% this year versus 40% in the second quarter last year and a $0.01 from capital allocation net of asset sales, which resulted in 13% lower Parent debt, and a 4% lower share count relative to last year. Now, I’ll cover our SBU's financial performance in more detail on the next six slides beginning on slide 18. In the U.S., adjusted PTC decreased by $24 million, due to planned maintenance in Hawaii and an IPL, as well as lower wind generation at Buffalo Gap in Texas. Proportional free cash flow was roughly flat, reflecting working capital recovery and lower interest at DPL. In Andes, PTC decreased $23 million, primarily due to the timing of planned maintenance in Chile and Argentina, as well as a weaker Columbian peso. Proportional free cash flow declined by $37 million, due to lower earnings and higher tax payment at Chivor in Colombia versus last year. In Brazil, PTC decreased $74 million. In addition to the $17 million impact from the depreciation of the Brazilian real, the decline was driven by approximately $13 million net impact from liability reversals in each period at our distribution businesses Sul and Eletropaulo. You may also recall that last year our generation business Tietê benefitted from spot sales at favorable prices, due to lower contract levels during the first half of the year. This benefit was more of a timing issue as Tietê had to purchase in this spot market in the second half. This year, Tietê's contract levels are flat in the first and second half, so we expect contributions to be evenly distributed. Last but not least, Sul has been affected by lower demand and higher costs. Proportional free cash flow decreased $18 million, primarily driven by lower operating income at Tietê as I just discussed. In MCAC, PTC increased a $11 million, largely driven by improved hydro conditions in Panama, where we generated more this year versus buying in the spot market last year. Panama also benefited from the commencement of operations of our 72 megawatt thermal power barge. Proportional free cash flow improved by $12 million, primarily driven by improved operating performance. In Europe, adjusted PTC decreased by $32 million mainly due to lower energy prices and the timing of planned maintenance at Chilvers [ph] [0:18:16] in U.K. Despite the decline in earnings, proportional free cash flow was up $3 million, largely by improved working capital at Maritza. Finally in Asia, PTC increased $7 million, resulting from the early commencement of operations at Mong Duong in Vietnam, partially offset by the sale of minority interest in Masinloc in the Philippines in 2014. Proportional free cash flow was roughly flat. Turning to slide 24, overall, we earned $251 million in adjusted PTC during the quarter, a decrease of $89 million from last year and we generated $62 million of proportional free cash flow, an increase of $15 million. As you can see on slide 25, year-to-date adjusted PTC declined $80 million, largely driven by lower demand and contracting strategy in Brazil, a stronger U.S. dollar, as well as the net impact from reversal of liabilities in Brazil and Europe. These negative impacts were largely offset by the contributions from new businesses that came online earlier this year in our capital allocation decisions. Our proportional free cash flow increased $151 million to $327 million, primarily due to higher contributions from the U.S. and MCAC, including higher collections at DPL and improved working capital in Puerto Rico. Year-to-date adjusted PTC and proportional free cash flow by SBU are in the appendix of today's presentation. Now to slide 26, comparing our first half results to our full-year guidance, our earnings and cash flow tend to be more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year. Consistent with our prior expectations in the second half of 2015, we expect EPS to benefit from improved availability as a result of planned maintenance that was completed earlier in the year in Chile, the Dominican Republic, and the U.S. Improved hydro conditions in Panama and Colombia, seasonality related to contract generation businesses in the U.S. and Chile as well as IPL, the previously expected benefit from tax opportunities at certain businesses and finally contributions from Mong Duong in Vietnam which came online in first half of the year. Regarding proportional free cash flow, improved results in the second half of the year versus the first half are driven in part by higher operating performance in the second half consistent with our earnings profile. The remaining increase is largely attributable to lower pension and fuel payments and IPL in the U.S., timing of income tax payments and VAT collections at [indiscernible], higher collection of receivables in the Dominican Republic and collection of receivables in Bulgaria, a portion of which will be used at the business for deleveraging and fuel payments. Bottom line is that, we have to execute on our plan, we feel confident in our ability to meet our objectives for the year and we are reaffirming our guidance on all metrics. Our reaffirmed guidance is based on forward curves as of June 30 reflecting a benefit of couple of entities relative to our prior guidance which is based on March 31. Client curves as of July 31 were effectively back to where we were as of March 31. Our gains also assumes the current outlook for hydro in Latin America, which is in line with our expectations and an unchanged full year tax rate of 31% to 33% versus year-to-date 2015 rate of 31%. Assumptions in sensitivities for our guidance are in the appendix of today’s deck. On to slide 27 in our parent capital allocation plan for the year, sources in the left hand side reflect total available discretionary cash for 2015 of roughly $1.65 billion which is $70 million higher than our last call. As a reminder, we previously announced asset sale proceeds in the sale of a portion of our interest in IPALCO and Jordan as well as the sale of the Armenia Mountain Wind farm. Today, we are also announcing the sale of our solar assets in Spain bringing our total asset sale proceeds this year to $573 million. We are also expecting an additional $45 million in return of capital from operating businesses which along with our parent free cash flow provides us with nearly $600 million available for dividend payments and growth, incremental share repurchases and other potential investments. In terms of incremental sources of discretionary cash, as Andres mentioned, we’ll continue to evaluate additional asset sale opportunities which could be $200 million to $300 million annually on average, but maybe lumpy year-to-year. Now to uses on the right hand side of the slide, we plan to invest about $350 million in our subsidiaries, 60% of which is at IPL and is already been funded. We’ve invested $345 million in prepayment and refinancing of parent debt leaving us with only $180 million in parent debt maturities through 2018. Finally, in addition to dividend, we are investing $420 million in our shares, which is $100 million more than we committed to on our last call. This brings total cash returned to shareholders through buybacks and dividends to $700 million for the year. We will continue to beat various investment opportunities to maximize per share value for shareholders. With that, I’ll now turn it back to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thanks, Tom. To summarize, we continue to make steady progress on our objectives specifically we are pulling all levers to achieve our financial objectives despite the headwinds from poor hydrology in Brazil, lower foreign exchange and commodity prices. As I noted, overall hydrology in Latin America is improving as a result of the El Niño phenomena. We have achieved a number of milestones towards resolving Maritza’s outstanding receivables after signing an MOU with NEK in April. We expect to collect outstanding receivables in the second half of the year. We have completed the 1.2 gigawatt Mong Duong project in Vietnam six months ahead of schedule and we are making good progress on the remaining 5.8 gigawatts under construction. We are bringing in financial partners to leverage our platform and maximize overall returns by forming a joint venture with Grupo BAL, a strong partner with significant presence in Mexico. And in 2015, we are investing than a $1 billion in returning cash to our shareholders and debt pay downs, in addition to the $350 million we are investing in profitable growth projects. In conclusion, in line with the plans we laid out on previous calls, we continue to leverage our platforms and allocate our discretionary cash to maximize risk adjusted returns for our shareholders. Now, I’d like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Great quarter. Your commitment to capital allocation should be – is best-in-class. So thank you very much and I know your shareholders are certainly very happy. The question – sort of an open ended question firstly, there are so many moving parts to the guidance. I know you are on track to hit earnings guidance for the year and doing a little bit better on proportional free cash but if you look at and for the balance of the year versus the plan you laid out in March, is there any specific areas where you’re a little bit ahead or little bit behind of where you would expected? I know overall you are still within the channel.
Andres Gluski: I would say that one of the key drivers we have as I mentioned on cash is Maritza and we had said that we would get this in the second half of the year. So we’ve really achieved the important milestones. We are quite impressed with the commitment of the Bulgarian government to fix the electricity sector and parliament approving some – important reforms. So I think that’s the key component, so we are on track there. I would say hydrology in July was quite frankly a little bit ahead of what we expected. And FX is more or less in line with what we expect. I think if anything, the demand in Brazil is softer – perhaps a little bit softer than we had expected even though we had those numbers in. So overall, we are kind of on track. I think the main points are that we have some seasonality and some of it in terms of collections, we tend to collect more in the Dominican Republic, we have Bulgaria, those are two discrete factors in the second half. And then we had a number of planned maintenance in the first half which won’t happen in the second half. So that’s sort of overall, it’s not too far from our expectations I would say on a case-by-case basis.
Greg Gordon: That’s good because one of your competitors in Brazil had a big disappointment in the second quarter as it pertains to their business. So I think there were some trepidation coming into your call that you might see a downward revision. Thank you. The second question is just to be clear, when you gave the first quarter guidance, you based your projections on March 31 index, so Tom, you’re basically saying that if we roll forward to the end of July, we look a little more or less like we looked like at the end of March, so obviously still inside the guidance range.
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, that’s correct. If you have asked us five weeks ago, we would have said we might be $0.01 or $0.02 up but I think we lost that in the last five weeks. So basically back to where we were end of March.
Greg Gordon: And then final question from me, the 104 to 204 of discretionary cash to be [implicated][ ph], if the stock price doesn’t respond you guys continuing to execute at what point would you go to the Board and potentially allocate that to further share repurchases?
Andres Gluski: Greg, as we’ve said in the past, our Board has been very supportive of our share buybacks and we’ve always been able to go back and get a share repurchase authorization when we felt we needed it. So I think that there is – our sector has that have been hit in the last month by negativism and certainly that’s been reflected in the stock price and certainly that affects our capital allocation decisions as we are comparing the value of buying back shares with our new projects.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you, guys. Thanks again for a great quarter.
Tom O’Flynn: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Andres Gluski: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. Andres, first question to you on Brazil, so as you said the hydro situation appears to be improving but you still have the FX headwinds, the economic and political outlook there continues to be very challenging from what we can tell. I just wanted to get a sense what is your tolerance level to absorb all of this. I mean are you there indefinitely for the long haul regardless of how old this place or how are you thinking about that relative to all the other jurisdictions where you have better opportunities perhaps?
Andres Gluski: Sure. I think a lot of our countries have cyclical patterns. Right now Brazil in on the – certainly not at the peak of one of these patterns. I will remind people I think of two, three years ago. Lot of questions I would get on these calls is why wasn’t I investing more in Brazil and that we were slow. What we did at the time and continue to do today is we only invest when we see long term value. And we really see the value not quite frankly get caught in the trends. I think, you know Brazil is having a recession this year. It will probably have a flat 2017 and is expected, 2016, sorry and expected to pick up in 2017. Brazil is a big market, it is a country which has great potential and I think that us as a company of the Americas we should have a presence in Brazil.  Now of course all of our assets we look at, what we consider their long term value. What we could sell them for and how they contribute to a balanced portfolio. So, overall what I would say is that I agree that the economic situations look challenging in Brazil, but realize this is a country with tremendous potential that could come back and we can’t come in and out on a short-term basis.  And the final thing is look we have been very prudent about again investments in Brazil, we still have $500 million of debt capacity at Tiete. So, growth in Brazil will come from leveraging the Brazilian businesses. So, I hope that answers your question, but I think that the point is that they are cyclical patterns; Brazil has a lot of capacity to rebound and as always when times were very good in Brazil we were always looking at what is the value and I would remind people that we sold a lot of Brazil at the peak. We sold our telecom business there for billion dollars. We also sold 50% of our holdings in Eletropaulo back in 2005. So, we will continue to make those adjustments as we see fit.
Ali Agha: Okay. The second question, I wanted to just clarify the capital usage plan going forward. If I heard you right, Andres, you were saying you may be investing $300 million to $400 million a year in new opportunities on an annual basis. Your dividend is consuming about $300 million of your cash and that's going to grow at 10% every year. So, where is the cash coming from? Because I'm looking at Parent cash and I think these investments and the dividend, I don't think there's any cash left. So am I missing something here or how is that being funded?
Andres Gluski: Well, yes, what you are missing from the equation is what Tom mentioned that we will be selling about $200 million to $300 million in our existing asset platform. So, if you include that the equation does close and realize that as our new plants come online they will be generating more cash as well.
Ali Agha: Okay. Got it. And then, lastly, to clarify your point, you benchmark everything obviously against share buybacks. So, are you seeing those opportunities out there that can still give you greater returns on a risk-adjusted basis than buying back your own share, that you're confident you can spend $300 million to $400 million a year on new projects?
Andres Gluski: Yes, we do. It really gets back to utilizing our platforms. So, I did mention the example, for example of de-sal. If you – basically we are upgrading our plants to use reverse osmosis technology and once you have the permit for intake of salt water and discharge of saline and you can basically put these in a modular fashion. These are very attractive opportunities. We are also seeing it in other places where we can add-on energy storage and the new projects we are engaged in. So, what I can tell you is that we are seeing above 15% returns on equity from our projects on average. So, yes, we are seeing a lot of attractive opportunities. Of course we are being very selective with our stock at these prices.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Turnure with JPMorgan, your line is open.
Chris Turnure: Good morning, guys. I wanted to get a sense of the potential for GSF reform in Brazil and to get your opinion on the potential for that in general and then the potential structure if it does materialize. And then also, on the flip side, have you sought an injunction for Tiete there? And how would that work if others are successful with injunctions in penalizing of you and the remainder of guys out there that don't get injunctions?
Andres Gluski: Okay. Let me take the first one. This year, GSF will be between 17% and 19% and it’s a considerable cost to the generators. I believe the total is somewhere above BRL 20 billion that people are paying. There has been discussions between the government, the Ministry of Energy and mines and the association such as [indiscernible] as well as you have a [indiscernible] and there has been talk about capping the GSF. The exact amount is being negotiated. Let’s just give a hypothetical so it’s capped 10%. The generators will be compensated for that difference between 7% or 8% additional to the cap for example this year by an extension of their contract so you’d receive a regulatory asset, especially of their concession, you’d receive a regulatory asset equivalent to that amount. So, there is nothing set as of yet. There’s certainly interest from the government interest from the regulators and we’ll keep you informed. In terms of the probability, I think on the previous call I was quite let’s say prudent about this thing, we will see, I think the chances of something like this happening have improved. Regarding the injunction, Tom.
Tom O’Flynn: I just see the – I haven’t got all the details here, but there was initially compensation to one or small group of generators that was actually detrimental to the rest of the generators and we did participate with the larger generator community and saying that any – any decisions, any compensation should be consistent across the sector. That was some time ago and I believe the discussions are now focused on sector reform as Andre said it goes into compensation that really gets into concession renewal, or mind you our concession is well after [indiscernible] it is 2028. In the GSF of 17 and 19 that’s the number that we’ve had now for a number of months. There is some possibility we’ve seen thermal dispatch come down recently from about 19, I think 15.5 gigawatts which may indicate there could be some greater thermal generation i.e. a little bit of improvement on the GSF, but it’s still far too soon to tell that just news over the last couple of weeks.
Chris Turnure: Okay. And then, switching gears, I just wanted to get an update on your Argentinian businesses or business down there. It's a little bit tough to break out in and of itself, how have earnings maybe trended the past couple of years there? And are those trends a function of regulatory changes to power prices? And how do you think about that business going forward, with the potential maybe for other regulatory changes to those power prices? And how do you think about things post the election?
Tom O’Flynn: I think that’s a great question. I’d say of course if you take a longer-term view in terms of the past coming to the present you know pricing has deteriorated in Argentina, no question about that. On the other hand, I think we have fared very well from a regulatory position because as you know until last year we are exporting energy from Argentina to Chile, through our TermoAndes plant. We also have the only coal plant in the country. So, we have been selling energy under, in TermoAndes under the [indiscernible] which in the past was more favorable than it is today, but I’d say in general you know we have always been making positive earnings in Argentina. So, even though they’re less to say than they were four, five years ago, they continue to be positive. We have been receiving 96% payment on our accounts receivable, some of these are Fannie Mae bank bonds, these bonds are dollarized, they pay interest and for example like Guillermo brown plant where we have a considerable number of these bonds are basically being used to fund that plant. We’re going to receive that plant, our proportion of it, very soon, it’s being commissioned. So, I think overall in Argentina despite the challenging economic circumstances we’ve done well that the one thing is we haven’t been able to pay dividends out of Argentina for the last two years. Now, looking forward what do we see? I think the elections in October, the two leading candidates either one would be favorable. I think you’ll have a gradual return to market-based pricing and a listing of the exchange controls. So, we have a tremendous asset base in Argentina. Of course, we’re not putting any new money in at this stage, but I think we’ve handled it well and I firmly believe that within a year or two we’ll be paying dividends out of Argentina. It is basically considerably developed country and quite wealthy. So, it’s again, I think it’s probably on the rebound at this stage.
Chris Turnure: Okay. Would you characterize what you’ve embedded in your long-term EPS and cash flow guidance as incorporating a lot of upside there or you remain conservative there?
Tom O’Flynn: We’re always conservative. So we never embed big upside. So, what I can say is we do expect sort of a continuation of what we’ve been doing there, which I think is managing the situation quite favorably.
Chris Turnure: Great. Thank guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Stephen Byrd: Good morning.
Tom O’Flynn: Good morning Steve.
Stephen Byrd: Wanted to echo Greg’s comments on capital allocations, very clear and I did want to take a little further into that following up on all these questions on the $300 million to $400 million in growth, in addition to asset sales and when you think about all of the other levers at your disposal in terms of just retain cash flow at the country level, the project level or other leveraged capacity etcetera, should we be thinking that those levers are quite significant and therefore could further reduce the amount of true equity at the parent or those more discretionary and not something that we should be thinking of as quite significant offsets in terms of the amount of equity needed at the parent.
Tom O’Flynn: Yes, Steven, certainly as we look for growth, we do look to drive as much as we can out of the businesses as possible, I think there are big growth drivers, certainly Hahn Air has been a big driver. They’ve brought in partners, they’ve done project finance and the only equity that's been done in the last few years is a 150 million totally at the Hahn Air level. We did our 70% contribution. So that’s a great example of a multi-billion dollar construction program and instruction in the Hahn Air balance sheet, and Hahn Air cash flow growth as much as possible. I think Andres has mentioned a couple other examples, Dominican Republic, we have some unused debt capacity that’s currently being used to fund a facility upgrade and we look around the business to do that as much as we can. IPO has been growing quite a bit also that really grows in more of a classic utilities down that we maintain a capital structure 55, debt 45, equity 30, more came to the normal utility, but we do that and we’ll continue to look for leveraged capacity at the business, look to see whether a partner for a project or a business can come into help increase the value of the business and or bring in more effectively priced capital and then lastly if you will we’ll look at up to the parent. And the $300 million to $400 million is just a general range. I think that’s the number we’ve been at the last couple of years, you go back I think three years it was more in the mid-twos, so it’s just a general indication.
Stephen Byrd: Understood great. And then just shifting over to your announced joint venture, can you just discuss at a high level the nature of the arrangement, is this effectively exclusive on both sides, are there other elements of the joint venture in terms of more specific targets or anything else that you can just a little bit further color on the JV would be appreciated.
Andres Gluski: Sure, Grupo BAL is one of the most reputable business groups in Mexico and it has a long tradition having been established around 1901 I believe. They’ve been our off-taker at the TEP plant in – for the last 10 years and we’ve been very pleased with us. They have another small joint venture with EDP for some wind projects and we have our existing plants of TEG, TEP and [indiscernible] which will be outside this joint venture. However, going forward, it’s exclusive on both side that we’ll exclusively look at new deals. There’s no sort of target that we will invest X amount, it’s really that we will look at these projects together, we both bring strengths, we bring the global size, our successful E&C experience, our ability to manage these plants and they bring the local component and knowledge of the sector. So, Mexico is opening up the energy sector, there are I think going to be a considerable number of bids for power plants not only of CFE, but also of private sector clients and also with our strategy of using our platforms for adjacencies such as desalinization or energy storage or for example LNG services, we can add those on. So, this is a - going forward it will be exclusive 50-50, we both have to agree to make an investment. If one partner does not agree with the investment the other one can make it on its own. So, this is I think very favorable for both sides. It gives us a lot of flexibility and it’s really aiming to leverage off our strengths and the good thing is that we know each other, we’ve been working together for more than a decade.
Stephen Byrd: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Tom O’Flynn: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Macquarie, your line is open.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I wanted to talk about Eletropaulo. So, you have just concluded a rate case there. What kind of load assumptions do you have embedded in that rate case and secondly is the restructuring of Brazilian having any impact on Eletropaulo?
Andres Gluski: Okay. I would say in terms of growth and as we said we’re looking at a decline in growth and this - the numbers we gave are weighted average for Sul and Eletropaulo. The decline in demand is stronger in Sul than it has been in Eletropaulo. I think we’re looking at pretty much flat demand for next year and then growing moderately after that. I mean the long-term growth in Brazil is what you normally expect is about 3% to 4% has been the historical average over the last 10 years. The second is how Brazilian affecting Eletropaulo. As you know in 2005 we sold down 50% of our holdings both us and B&DS of Eletropaulo and we basically took that money and de-levered the company. Then in 2011, we spun off the telecom Achimos [ph] and sold that. So, right now, between the two of us, we have about 32% that is Braziliana has it, we have 16%, roughly a little bit more than 16%. I don't really think that the Braziliana structure has been affecting Eletropaulo directly. I think that the distributors have been I think more fairly treated over the past six months than they had before and that's why you’ve seen a recovery in the place. I mean Eletropaulo’s stock should be up I believe about 70% in dollars this year and in fact the sector it’s been the best performing within the sector by a considerable margin. I think part of that is perhaps it was dropped also more strongly because some of the let's say decisions against us, but we got a good decision on a regulatory asset base, the WAC has been raised over 8%. So these are all favorable things. Now unquestionably other than the regulated part, which as I said the market is recognizing, it’s making certain investments to continue to improve quality of service and it will depend on the recovery of the Brazilian economy. I believe that the Brazilian government is doing the right things at this time and taking some very brave decisions, including cutting spending, raising interest rates and that these will have good long-term effects, but certainly they’re very tough in the short-run, but I really commend their bravery. So, I don’t know if that answers your question. I mean what we see in Eletropaulo is a tough 2016, I’m sorry a tough 2015, a more moderate 2016 and a recovery more in 2017, 2018.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you, just one more, on Mong Duong, so the plant came online six months ahead of time, the hydro conditions across the board seem to be in line with expectations, everything else is in line with expectations. So, should we just see this plant that’s potentially moving you beyond the midpoint of your guidance or what’s the potential offset if it’s not the case?
Tom O’Flynn: What I would say is that at this stage we are reaffirming the guidance ranges. I think there are - that’s not only earnings, but cash flow. Certainly, on cash flow depending on where we’d be in the range, the payment at Maritza is obviously a big mover because you talk about the range of a billion, 1.4 billion, 1.350 billion and 280 million will make a difference. On the other hand, right now I would say that we remain within that guidance range. Certainly, we don't see in the five months that are left something that would likely move us outside of those ranges to the upside.
Angie Storozynski: Fantastic, thank you very much.
Tom O’Flynn: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays, your line is open.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you. Was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the potential of caps on rationing exposure in Brazil and how that might affect that regulatory asset, might affect you either in magnitude going from the 10% to the 17% to 19% maybe how those things might be recorded financially? Would that help you from an earnings perspective as well as cash flow?
Andres Gluski: Let me answer the first part and then Tom can answer the second part how we’re looking. We see - the probability rationing this year is very low. And there are two drivers; one, the government has done a very good job of basically running thermals and saving water, and the rains did come in considerably stronger. Quite frankly as of mid July, the reservoir levels were at 41% which is very high. You should be quite frankly declining at this time of the year. So the likelihood of rationing this year not to say it’s impossible, it’s very remote and if rains continue as expected, it’s not very likely in 2016 again assuming the government continues this policy. In addition to that, you’ve had a decline in demand. So you put those two together, again it’s a much stronger position vis-à-vis having rationing this year and next than it was before and this year is substantially less. In terms of the regulatory asset, I mean that’s a considerable number but I will leave it to Tom in terms of how much we would actually book.
Tom O’Flynn: Yes, Greg. I think you’re ahead of us. If there is something that allowed for Tietê concession which is now ends in 2029, allows it to get extended, going to valued the economic value, does it turn into a regulatory asset that we would record, we are still early on to understand the detail. Certainly we’ll look at that from a GAAP standpoint, but I think it’s early to think – too hard about that.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar Equity. Your line is open.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. In 2016, I see in slide 53 that you’re still seeing flat to modest growth. With what’s going on in Brazil with maybe your tax rate returning to a more normalized level, you won’t get as much incremental benefit from Mong Duong because it fortunately came on early. What gets you to the modest growth for next year, realizing its flat to modest growth, the guidance doesn’t change.
Andres Gluski: I think that the positives, we have the Cochrane coming on. This is a 552 megawatt construction project in Chile and that’s proceeding very well, and we also have rate based growth at IPL. We completed the 2,400 megawatts of upgrades and then of course you mentioned Mong Duong, but we have a full year. And the other thing is of course capital allocation and it will also depend on hydrology. If we have continued good hydrology and specifically for example in the case of Chivor, Chivor typically has a very – it’s a very good base that is in. So it tends to have less volatile hydrology than the rest of Columbia. So when you have right now, El Nino, it’s getting – the rest of Columbia is dry and actually Chivor is at average. And so then actually you get better prices for the energy you sell that you haven’t had contracted. And finally, we expect some normalization of the currencies as well. So all sorts of things that can cause this now. I agree 2016, if we look out the next three years, 2016 is on top this year because 2017 and 2018 we have a lot more projects coming online. The other thing is we realize that on some of these adjacencies such as energy storage or desal, these can be operational in a very short period of time. And desally will depend quite frankly, we have to build a pipeline to a client but some of those cases we don’t. So those are additional things that could help.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then second question Andre, I realize you got a lot more going on in the U.S. but the clean power plant seems to have more benefit towards renewable. I would think that would be good for your storage business. Is that correct?
Andres Gluski: Yes, absolutely. I think that the clean power plant let’s say increase because it’s basically what they had laid out before, but accelerates it – increases the market for energy storage and California has really led the way requiring 1,325 megawatts of utilities to have by 2020. So this I think accelerates the adoption of energy storage.
Charles Fishman: And so you’ve got Ohio is going for storage and then California and Europe under construction, is that correct?
Andres Gluski: We are not under construction yet in California. That will be in 2019 when we start, but we have 100 megawatts with Southern California.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thanks.
Andres Gluski: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mitchell [indiscernible]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. Could you discuss a little bit on some of the core outages, [indiscernible] mentioned some of its plans that are coned by you, experienced high outage rates in the second quarter and just wanted to get some color from you if you saw that at all of your plans or if it was just like [indiscernible] and what went on and how you guys are working on hopefully fixing that.
Bernerd da Santos: Hello, this is Bernerd da Santos. Yes, that plan is [indiscernible] beginning of the year. With the management we have implemented 180 days plan that is ongoing. We have already 30 days. We have our next preview with the team 50 days from now. I was present with the management team two weeks ago in Stuart and we have seen improvement. So we expect that we’re going to calculate whether it was the force outage rates in Stuart by the end of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: So you are finding it specifically to add Stuart?
Bernerd da Santos: Yes, that’s correct.
Unidentified Analyst: And is this going to impact your ability to get into the capacity performance Stuart planned.
Tom O’Flynn: No, we’ll factor that in. [indiscernible] are factored in but we would expect as Bernerd said an improving Ephod [ph] overtime.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Tom O’Flynn: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning guys. Just checking in here, in terms of the next accretion, you guys are talking about for the asset sales and talk about share buybacks in place. What’s the net benefit of the $200 million to $300 million in asset sales you’re contemplating for this year relative to the share buybacks, break even or positive accretion?
Tom O’Flynn: That’s probably little positive. I think the overall PE of our sales about 13, we do split that between debt pay down and share buybacks. So net-net, it’s probably about maybe a breakeven – positive of breakeven.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. And then can you just update us on what are the pending finalization of the issues in Bulgaria? From what I understand, that should be happening very soon. Or just is there anything really in the way there to make that happen?
Andres Gluski: At this point, we really have all the approvals necessary, so now it’s a question of the Bulgarian public sector raising the funds for the payment. So there is no sort of pending important approval at this stage as basically they have to do the market operations to get the funds and to pay us.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. And then lastly in terms of deleveraging the business in South America, what’s the timeline there, just the FX or so I mean how quickly should we expect these asset sales to come up and ultimately what’s your interest in these assets. I presume it’s pretty real [ph].
Andres Gluski: Basically we will look for real value before we leverage up today as we have in the past. When you mentioned asset sales, perhaps I think you’re talking about Petrobras and hydro who may be selling some assets. We certainly look at them. What I want to say is that, we will never grow for growth sake and these really have to makes sense, and they have to make sense which should they in terms of a portfolio, there have to be things which would decrease its hydro risk. So it will depend on their contract position and other thing, so there is nothing really short term on this. We are looking at the possibility of doing something like [indiscernible] for example in Brazil as we did in Panama. But I think the main point is [indiscernible] not AES.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just remind us what the target leverage at [indiscernible].
Tom O’Flynn: Yeah. We looked at debt-to-EBITDA but right it’s quite unlevered and its dividends are restricted by earnings. So it’s not possible to do a recap and bring money upstairs. So if you want to use the leverage capacity it will be for growth within Tietê. And as Andrew said, the growth would be within Tietê funds rather than AES.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And what’s the target leverage for GFA just to get a sense of how much capacity there is today.
Tom O’Flynn: We will use about $400 million to $500 million U.S. dollar capacity, that’s back into that – yeah, there will be capacity so you could obviously gross that up to the extension buying an asset that comes with cash flow, you could use a larger number. And that’s exactly goes upon the coverage ratio.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you guys.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Ahmed Pasha.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you everybody for joining us in today’s call. As always the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-11 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Strategy & Investment Committee Thomas O’Flynn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Chris Turnure - JPMorgan Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning. My name is Angel, I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the AES Corporation’s First Quarter 2015 Financial Review Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Angel. Good morning, and welcome to AES’s First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause financial results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O’Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to. Andres. Andres?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our first quarter 2015 earnings call. I am pleased to report that with our first quarter results we’re reaffirming our 2015 guidance for all metrics. Since our previous quarterly call less than three months ago, we have achieved several significant milestones on our strategic objectives and our priorities for 2015. We continue to leverage our platforms, our $9 billion construction program is advancing on schedule and will be the major contributor to our cash and earnings growth over the next four years. This quarter, we commissioned the largest power plant that AES has ever constructed. We also signed agreements for two additional asset sales, totaling a $105 million in equity proceeds and invested $345 million to prepay and refinance debt. This year, we have also repurchased $42 million of our shares and we made substantial progress and addressing short-term issues affecting our businesses in Bulgaria and India. I will discuss some of these achievements in detail. But first, I’d like to provide the highlights of our financial results. In the first quarter, we generated proportional fee cash flow of $265 million doubled a results of year ago. Due to the recovery of working capital and a couple of significant businesses, we are in $0.25 of adjusted earnings per share, which was a $0.01 increase from our first quarter of 2014. We improved operating performance at our U.S. and Andes strategic business units although; we continue to experience headwinds from poor hydrology in Brazil and unfavorable foreign exchange in Latin America and Europe. During the quarter, our earnings benefited from our previous capital allocation decisions to pay down debt and buyback our shares. As we’ve discussed in the past, we have taken steps to mitigate the impact of adverse hydrology in Latin America and this year that risk is mostly limited to Brazil. We also have a rolling 12 months hedging strategy to help mitigate the impact of fluctuations in foreign currencies especially the Brazil real, the Colombian peso and the euro. Although these currencies have weakened against the U.S. dollar, energy demand has remained robust at 3% to 10% our markets except in the U.S., while we are experiencing flat demand and in Brazil where demand growth is slightly negative. Now I’ll discuss our significant accomplishment since our last call. Starting with our progress and resolving a couple of business specific issues beginning on slide four. In Bulgaria with the Maritza Plant sole customer, the National Electricity Company or NEK had fallen significantly behind on its payment; we’re now seeing positive momentum. Last month, Maritza signed an MOU with NEK to received full payment of all arrears which as of March 30th were $236 million in exchange for a decrease in the capacity price of the long-term PPA. We expect to sign a binding agreement by the third quarter of this year. The 14% capacity price reduction is already reflected in our 2015 guidance as well as our longer term expectations. This agreement is part of a broad set of initiatives; the Government of Bulgaria is taking to help restore NEK’s financial position. One of these initiatives is the introduction of energy sector reforms to reduce the volume of energy that NEK purchases from coal generators and compensating NEK through existing environmental taxes. Already Maritza’s collections during the first four months of the year have improved by 40% and our receivable balance has remained flat as of the end of December. Turning now to our 1,320 megawatts OPGC 2 project, under construction in India on slide 5. As you may know late last year, the Supreme Court of India overturned the allocations of 214 coal blocks, including those for OPGC 2. I am pleased to report that the project through a new joint venture between OPGC and the Government of Odisha has re-secured the rights to the same coal blocks, which can support 2,640 megawatts of new capacity. Construction on OPGC 2 is on schedule with this plant expected to come online in 2018. Now turning to slide six, I’ll discuss our construction program and develop and pipeline in more detail. Our construction program is a most significant driver of our 10% to 15% average annual growth and free cash flow over the next few years. This strong growth is a foundation for a commitment to 10% annual dividend growth as well as other capital allocation decisions. From 2015 through 2018, we expect the commission 7,131 megawatts of new capacity, which is a high multiple of the roughly 600 megawatts we’ve brought online in the three previous years from 2012 to 2014. In fact, already this year, we’ve brought online 1,312 megawatts, which is 87% of the capacity we expect to commission this year. Moving onto slide 7, remaining 5,118 megawatts under constructions, progressing well and remain on-time and on-budget. As a reminder, the total CapEx for our projects currently under construction is $7 billion, but AES’s equity commitment is only 1.3 billion of which all but 400 million has already been funded. As you can see roughly 80% of this new capacity is in the America, we expect our return on equity from these projects of more than 15%. Turning to slide 8, I’m very happy to report that we have achieved commercial operation on our 1,240 megawatts Mong Duong project in Vietnam six months early. Additionally, the project reached 18 million man-hours without a lost time incident. This project provides us with solid platform from which to grow our presence in Vietnam where we see a number of future platform expansion opportunities. Moving to slide 9, to help mitigate our hydrology risk in Panama we’ve recently inaugurated a 72 MW thermal power barge. The plant's output is contracted under five year PBA. We're also looking at similar opportunities in other countries in Latin America to decrease our exposure to fluctuations in hydrology. Finally, looking at our growth opportunities beyond the projects currently under construction; beginning on slide 10. We see compelling platform expansion opportunities in a number of growing markets such as Chile, Mexico, Panama and the Philippines. In more mature markets like California and the United Kingdom, we see opportunity to replace older, less efficient or noncompliant capacity. Generally, we expect our future project mix to be heavily weighted towards of natural gas, renewables, and energy storage as we seek to match the right offering on the future needs of each market. As we have said in the past we will continue to compete all investments in growth projects against share repurchases, in order to ensure that we are maximizing risk-adjusted per share returns for our shareholders.  Based on the opportunities we see across our portfolio beyond 2018, we believe we could invest $300 million to $400 million of AES equity in the attractive growth projects each year which is consistent with the amount of equity we are currently contributing annually to our growth projects. This level of annual equity commitment is quite moderate considering the expected growth in our free cash flow and continued recycling of capital from additional asset sales. We also plan to bring in financial partners on all of our larger projects as a means of improving our returns, fine-tuning our portfolio's risk exposures and having our project bided by other investors. Now, I’d like to highlight a couple of more significant projects in our development pipeline, beginning on slight 11. Our Southline Repowering Project in California with 1400 MW of gas-fired and energy storage capacity is on track to begin construction in 2017. We expect to select our EPC contractor and file final permitting amendments in the next six months. Our development pipeline is not limited to power generation projects as we seek to realize the full value of our existing market platforms through adjacent business lines such as enhanced LNG services, desalinization, and energy storage. Turning to slide 12 for example, in the Dominican Republic, we are working on opportunities to expand our existing LNG infrastructure. We are developing a second gas pipeline which would transport natural gas from our regasification terminal to other power generators so they can convert up to the 1000 MW of diesel and oil fired generations to cheaper, cleaner natural gas. We are also advancing in the development of an upgrade of our LNG import terminal to allow for the reshipment of LNG. The ability to reship LNG will be an extension of our successful gas distribution business in the Dominican Republic, which supplies third-party trucks with liquefied natural gas. Both of these attractive projects will require only modest equity investments as we expect to largely fund them with leverage capacity at the local business. In terms of desalinization, on slide 13, we currently have one 200 cubic meter per hour project under construction at our Angamos power plant in Chile. Although this project is largely a modernization of our existing diesel facilities at that plant, there are a number of potential diesel projects in Chile to supply our mining and industrial customers. We see diesel as a timely and significant opportunity in Chile and possibly longer term in Mexico and California, given the challenges of water supply in those markets and our many years of experience operating diesel plants.  Moving on to slide 14. We are the world leaders in battery-based energy storage 86 MW of installed capacity. Although this is likely to remain relatively small in the near term, we see the potential for much larger opportunity over the next 4 to 5 years. We are encouraged by ongoing regulatory support and growing acceptance by power systems and utilities in some of the AES' market. To that end, as you may have seen we have recently announced that we have 50 MW under construction including the first energy storage unit in the Netherlands and Northern Ireland. These projects under construction are all additions to our existing platforms. We are well-positioned to take advantage of this emerging business opportunity given AES' international portfolio in eight years of successful and profitable experience operating battery-based energy storage.  With that I'll turn the call over to Tom to discuss our first quarter results and full year guidance in more detail.
Thomas O’Flynn: Thanks Andre's and good morning everyone. This quarter we continued to benefit from our capital allocation decisions in operational improvements despite some macro headwinds. Further, as anticipated, our cash flow improved as a result of lower working capital requirements. We also made substantial progress toward a key financial goal of improving our credit profile by reducing parent debt, lowering interest expense and extending maturities.  Today, I’ll review our first quarter results, including adjusted EPS, adjusted pretax contribution or PTC by strategic business unit or SBU and for the first time proportional free cash flow by SBU which we’ve also included in our 10-Q. Now I’ll cover our 2015 capital allocation plan and our 2015 guidance. Turning to slide 16, first quarter adjusted EPS of $0.25 was a penny higher than first quarter 2014. At a high level, we benefited from the following. $0.03 from capital allocation which resulted in 13% lower parent debt and a 3% lower share count relative to last year and a $0.01 net increase from the performance of our businesses with improvements in the U.S. and Andes partially offset by lower contributions from Brazil, Europe and Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean or MCAC. On the negative side, we are affected by a $0.02 impact from a stronger U.S. dollar which appreciated 18% against the Brazilian real, Colombian peso and euro any once an impact from a slightly higher tax rate of 33% this year versus 30% in the first quarter of last year. Now I’ll cover our SBU’s financial performance in more detail on the six slides beginning on slide 17. In the U.S. adjusted PTC increased by 31 million driven by better availability at DPL compared to the first quarter of last year when a couple of DPL generations plants were not available during the polar vortex. Proportional free cash flow increased 74 million, reflecting a lower working capital requirements this year compared to during the extreme cold of last year.  In Andes, PTC increased 38 million primarily due to better availability at our plants in Chile, however proportional free cash flow declined by 6 million due to timing of collections and higher maintenance capital expenditures. In Brazil, PTC decreased 48 million driven by FX and operating performance, perhaps the decline is driven by our generation business Tietê, you may recall that last year Tietê benefited from spot sales at favorable prices due to lower contract levels during the first half of the year. This benefit was more of the timing issue of Tietê at the purchase and spot market in the second half.This year Tietê’s contracts levels are flat in the first and second so we expect contributions to be evenly distributed. Additionally, Sul one of our utilities had lower results due to lower sales volume and higher fixed cost proportional free cash flow increased 15 million primarily driven by higher collections pass through energy purchases built during 2014 offset by lower operating performance.  In MCAC, PTC declined 15 million largely driven by lower margins in the Dominican Republic, where revenues are partially indexed to oil prices as well as lower availability. This impact was partially offset by improved hydrology in Panama, proportional free cash flow improved by 55 million primarily driven by improved working capital in El Salvador and Puerto Rico.  In Europe, adjusted PTC decreased by 30 million half which is due to lower contributions from the sales of Ebute in Nigeria and our UK win businesses, remaining half is largely from unfavorable foreign currency impacts. Proportional free cash flow increased by 21 million driven by higher collections at Maritza which was 60% higher than the first quarter of 2014. Finally in Asia, PTC was essentially flat after taking into account the impact from the sale of 41% of Masinloc in the third quarter of last year offset by the onetime charge recorded in the Masinloc in first quarter of ’14 related to the market spot price adjustment. Proportional free cash flow decreased 37 million due to Masinloc sale and higher working capital requirements. Turning to slide 23, in summary overall we earned 252 million in adjusted PTC during the quarter and an increase of 9 million from last year and we generated 265 million a proportional free cash flow, representing a doubling from 129 million in last year’s first quarter. As you may recall, working capital was a drag on our results last year and as reflected in our first quarter results, we’re seeing recovery. Now to Slide 24 and our parent capital allocation plan for the year. Regarding sources on the left hand side, the only update from our last call is an increase of 100 million in equity proceeds from asset sales from the sale of the Armenia Mountain Wind project in Pennsylvania and the sale of 40% of our interest in the IPP4 Plant in Jordan. This brings our total available discretionary cash for 2015 to roughly 1.6 billion. We continue to expect parent free-cash-flow of 525 million this year with 10% to 15% average annual growth through 2018. Turning to the uses on the right hand side of the slide, in addition to the dividend, we also plan to invest about 350 million in our subsidiaries, 60% of which is IPL and has already been funded. We’ve invested 345 million in prepayment and refinancing of parent debt to balance asset sales and planned share buybacks. And finally, we repurchased 42 million of shares year-to-date and expect to invest at least 324 million this year, which assumes that we use 300 million of the 400 million we purchased, authorized in February. This leaves 200 million of discretionary cash to be allocated this year. Turning to our parent debt profile on Slide 25. Since our last call, we prepaid 315 million of parent debt, bringing our total parent debt reduction since the end of 2011 to 1.5 billion or a 25% reduction. In early April, we also refinanced another 500 million in near term parent debt maturities. These transactions resulted in a reduction in our near term maturities to only a 180 million over the next four years and reduced the average interest rate from 6.3% to 5.6%. We also continue to optimize the capital structure of certain subsidiaries and affiliates such as Guacolda in Chile, where 830 million in long term debt was refinanced in April at about 4.5% demonstrating the strong credit quality and market access of our businesses. Now beginning on Slide 26, I’ll discuss our adjusted EPS guidance for this year, which is based on the following assumptions. Currency forward curves as of March 31st, which reflect roughly 10% appreciation versus the U.S. dollar compared to year-end curves for the Brazilian Real, Colombian Peso and the Euro, commodity forward curves as of March 31st, which reflects roughly a 5% to 10% decline for oil and gas, and the current outlook for hydro in Latin America, which is in line with our expectations except in Brazil. In the rainy season there was drawing to close and reservoir levels are currently at about 35% and are expected to be about 37% at the end of May. We believe that the government is unlikely to call for rationing this year, given these levels.  That said, the system continues to face a hydro generation shortfall, which has a financial impact on Tiete, it previously had built a $0.05 impact into our guidance, based on having to cover 15% to 17% of our contract in the spot market. We now expect the shortfall to be 17% to 19% due to continued high thermal dispatch. We expect this will add another $0.02 to the hydro impact this year. We’ve also incorporated a modest decline in demand at Sul in Brazil resulting in an incremental impact of another penny. Now turning to Slide 27, as we discussed on our last call, our adjusted EPS guidance is $1.25 per share to $1.35 per share, which when we provided in late February was based on currency and commodity curves as of December 31st. The impact of updating these curves based on the sensitivities we’ve disclosed $0.05. However, we’ve been proactive in hedging our downside which reduced the FX and commodity impact by $0.03. Further as I just discussed, we’re incorporating an additional $0.03 impact from poor hydrology and demand in Brazil. We’ve also included a penny benefit from the completion of the Vietnam project, slightly ahead of our internal projection. Bottom-line is that although we’re facing some headwinds, we’re managing the impacts and therefore reaffirming our EPS guidance range.  At the same time as you can see on Slide 27, we remain confident on our portfolio visibility to generate strong cash flow. We’re affirming our proportional free cash flow guidance of 1 billion to 1.35 billion which after subsidiary debt period provides us with about 525 million in parent free cash flow. We’ll continue to create value by investing in this strong and growing cash flow to maximize returns to share holders.  With that I’ll now pass it back to Andrés. 
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. To summarize, we are encouraged by the continued successful execution of our strategy and with the resilience of our platform and the opportunities that it provides increased shareholder value. As we laid out on our last call for 2015, our priorities are to pull all levers to achieve our financial objectives despite headwinds from poor hydrology in Brazil and lower foreign exchange and commodity prices, complete the 1,240-megawatt Mong Duong project in Vietnam, which will be a major contributor to our growth. We have already brought this plan online six months ahead of schedules. Resolve Maritza's outstanding receivables issue, we’ve signed an MOU with NEK and expect to execute a binding agreement by the third quarter. Continued to execute on our platform expansion opportunities and bringing financial partners, we expect to have financial partners on all of our large projects. Reduced parent debt and improved our credit profile by prepaying and refinancing shorter term maturities. And as always allocate our discretionary capital in such a way as to maximize share holder returns by competing growth projects against share repurchases.  Now, I would like to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. Your line is open. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So first quick question, more at a high level; in terms of future growth opportunities, you talked about $300 million to $400 million in equity investment potential. Where do you expect those dollars to trend towards? I suppose A, as you think about buybacks as shares at Tiete would be more in that direction? And then B, in the context of growth investment, obviously, you've heard a lot in the media around storage [indiscernible] as well as your own efforts in DG in the latest quarter. I'd be curious if you could talk to opportunities there, as well as Puerto Rico, in terms of where those respectively fit within the growth buckets?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. Thanks Julien. Well, all as I said, we expect to have allocated about $300 million to $400 million to the future growth project. Of course this would be leveraged by bringing in financial partners. Now, the exact amount will depend on the projected return of those projects and value we create by buying back our shares. So, they will be competing. This is just to give us sort of the range where we see those projects. We also said that compared to what is currently under construction we see a heavier weighting towards natural gas, renewables and energy storage.  Now, our energy storage business I think is quite different from -- and quite unique actually that we have been at this for 8 years. We make money at it. We’ve been successful, and we have a product that integrates several different usage. So, we have sort of the complete package sort of plug and play. I think that’s one of the reasons we were successful in Southern California bid last year. So, we see this as a growing market in the U.S. California is taking the lead by requiring utilities to have 1,325-megawatts of energy storage by 2020. And we see this trend going across the country in different place. So, again we’re very well positioned to take advantage of it and we have been successful. We’re also opening up new markets. In the latest ones, we’re already in Chile; we’re looking at Northern island and Netherland.  So, it’s one, let's say technology has three different uses. On the one hand you can use it for capacity release like we do Chile which allows you -- you don’t have to hold back 5% of thermal generation because you have a battery. You can use it for ancillary services as we use it in PJM with Tiete. And you can also use it at the Peaking facility which will be the main use in California. So, the different markets, we see it developing, but we’re a big company. So, to really be a needle mover we see it a couple years out. What we really want to be here is not too far ahead of the curve, but we want to be sort of somewhat ahead of the curve and that’s really our strategy here and we think we’re well positioned. So just like in the past when I talked about bringing in partners and said this was an idea, we’ll see how this develops before giving any sort of guidance about say larger numbers of three years to five years out.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then just running here more specifically at the quarter, I suppose why not more repurchases just as what about the timing here just as you execute on the authorization this year. And then subsequently in terms of the 2015 guidance, would it be fair to say the lower half just to be clear in terms of I think there’s a net $0.04 negative if you add up all those items?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, I’d take the second question first. I think it’s a little early in the year to give guidance within the guidance. We've reaffirmed all of our metrics and as you know we guide on cash flow metrics as well as earnings metrics. So again overall, we feel we had a good quarter. In terms of the amount of buybacks, we just did a major re-financings and used $345 million for that and so we’re committed to use as Tom said in his speech around $300 million this year towards share repurchases and we maintain that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Ali Agha: Andrés my first question relates to Brazil. For the last several years now it’s been a source of disappointment for you and not only we’re dealing with the hydro situation, but it looks like there is a upheaval or regarding the political outlook, the economic outlook at least under the current administration. I’m just curious, what is your view on Brazil? Why is it still a core market for you? And wouldn’t it be better for the AES platform if you would either substantially reduce or maybe even out of Brazil, given all these other growth opportunities you’ve been telling us about?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I think first, I think we’ve been very good sellers and managers of our portfolio. If you look at the close to $3 billion that we’ve raised in our asset sales since 2011 and the prices we got out of. If you think of Brazil, I think starting in 2006, we started to reduce our position in Eletropaulo and we also spun-off the telecom and sold that as well I think right at the right timing of the market. So actually if you take a longer term perspective. I think our performance in Brazil over this period has been good. Now there’s no question, that it has been affected by economics and political factors but most of the hydrology, quite frankly. So thinking about our position in Brazil, we have 2,600 megawatts of hydro in Tiete. We also have about $500 million of leverage capacity which we’ve not used at Tiete, so it provides us with an opportunity. And yes, there are droughts and they are cyclical. I mean this year we’re entering into mild -- actually it’s been declared already a mild to medium El Nino which means going back to more sort of normal weather patterns as we’ve seen in the other countries. So that will pass.  Now politically Brazil I think it’s shown on the one hand significant institutional strength given the -- as everybody is aware the issues around Petrobras and the tax authorities and the independence of the judiciary. I think they’ve also named the very strong Minister of Economy Joaquim Levy and we’ve had some -- been able in some small meetings with him and seen what his plans are and we feel very encouraged by it. So I think everybody feels that 2015 will be a difficult year in Brazil. The economy is in contraction. Tom mentioned it in his comments that we see a contraction especially in Sul in terms of demand. But having said that, I think that as they take the right measures and move towards a primary surplus, Brazil is a country with a tremendous opportunity and you can’t sort of come in and come out of large massive capital intensive projects like us. So you have to have a footprint there. So I think we’ve reduced it appropriately and we’re well positioned to look at opportunities going forward.
Ali Agha: Secondly the $200 million of cash that you have not yet allocated; can you just give us a sense of from a priority point of view, what would be the priority for that use of cash? And you talked about using up 300 million out of the 400 million of the authorization, but just curious the incremental 200 million, where do you think that’s going to be spent?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Quite practical, that will depend. We’ve laid out what our strategy is and what our considerations are and we have restated our commitment to buy back $300 million of shares. And so we’ll see where that -- we allocated, but we’re going to follow our strict capital allocation or procedures which we’ve done today. But I really can't give you more color than that early.
Ali Agha: Last question, the two assets sales that you announced today. Can you just remind us or let us know, what’s roughly the annual net income that goes away as a result of those sales?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: It’s a modest amount Ali. The Armenia Mountain wind project was the second part of the wind that we did earlier. And that would have a relatively attractive I guess PE from our standpoint. And then the Jordan project was a partial sell-down. I think if you add them together the PE’s around 13 -- so what said it is 7 million to 8 million, they got to take -- you'd flip that versus a 100.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to follow-up just on Julien’s question on storage. You’ve been very active for a number of years in storage. As you think about ways that you can monetize that advantage, do you envision that would be more in the form of continuing to win RFPs or are there ways that others might want to utilize the expertise that you’ve developed either through joint ventures or effectively selling the sort of energy management capabilities you’ve developed?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thank you for the question. Today, we've basically put the energy storage units on our platform. And this has given us several advantages. First is that we knew markets well. Then we also had a ongoing dialogue with the regulator, because one of the bigger issues with energy storage is to get regulatory approval. We know the benefits that it has for stabilizing the grid, but it’s a question of how you’re going to get paid for sometimes for those services, if there is not a sort of active ancillary market. So at the first steps, we put it on Chile, we put it in DP&L, we’re also looking at putting on our California platforms, possibly in the future IPL and other places. But there are two steps, one is really identifying the use of the energy of the batteries and the second is getting the regulatory approval. So we see opening up markets where we’re present like the Netherlands, like Northern Ireland and continue with that successful strategy. Now in terms of how to monetize that beyond our platforms and it really would be to the situations where we could actually install the advancing product as we call it, which includes our IP, includes the batteries, includes how to operate it. In the market where we’re present, we could put it on somebody else's platform. Essentially, for example let’s say we’re selling energy to a utility and they would like to rate these assets, we can do that as well. So that’s one way that we could grow more quickly than just let's say putting it in operating ourselves. And we’re looking at -- there we’re now talking to people. So again we’re well positioned. We just think that, this is a market that has to develop. And one of the big challenge is again is to get the appropriate regulatory approvals and also have to demonstrate how to choose. Once you put a unit into a market and people see that it functions very well, then we expect to have an increase in demand. So that’s how we see going about it. Now, if we put it on a platform, where we have a partner, for example say in Chile, or in IPL that will participate in that asset that we’re putting on. And we really managing from a center of excellence here at Corp, but pushing out the implementations into the businesses. So again you know this has worked very well. And we think this is an idea of whose time has come. But we see that the U.S. market is most immediate one. We see this is going -- and works particularly well for example on smaller grids islands and we’re located in a lot of islands and smaller grids, from the Philippines to Puerto Rico, Hawaii, Northern Ireland, Dominican Republic. There are a lot of places you can use it or places for example like Chile which due to the nature of the grid look like islands. You have certain constraints. So for all those reasons again we’re optimistic where we think we’re in the leading edge and we’ll continue to push this product forward in numerous markets.
Stephen Byrd: That’s very helpful color. I wanted to shift over to renewables growth. We're seeing, and I guess, what I perceive as some fairly aggressive competitors in the marketplace with -- many with yield of course. Could you just talk at a high level to the degree of competition you are seeing either for -- just on an absolute return level, or in terms of just business developments? Are you seeing a change at all, in terms of competition? Or do you feel that, given how long you have been in your core markets, you still see numerous advantages for AES, as you look at renewables growth? 
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, I think you said it right. The big advantage we have is putting among to our existing businesses and understanding these markets. And I think that we’ve seen situations for example at certain time say wind in Brazil, where prices were very expensive, competition was very aggressive; and I think we’re very judicious about where to put our money in. Now we’ve sold part of our joint venture Silver Ridge to people who have impressive global plans for utility scale solar. And we did in part, because it’s not on our strategy of using our platforms. We are much more efficient, maybe you take all in costs which at the end of the day that’s what matters from development to operating, these plans, even financing and rather than doing sort of one-by-one project financings, really doing at under the umbrella of an existing business. So for example in Chile which is a very competitive market and it had about a 1000 megawatts of renewables that are coming on the grid. We’re building out the 20 megwatt solar. We have permits up to 200. And we’ll do it to the degree that we get PPAs. Of course, the issues with solar, that you only have energy 8 to 10 hours a day. So having the backup of an existing facility gives us a lot more levy in terms of what we can put together. And also technologically we can combine this as we do in Laurel Mountain, where we combined wind with energy storage. This makes a more attractive offering. So really that’s our strategies to put it together. Not to compete just on low returns for this project in many of the markets. And our strategy to date in terms of getting lower cost capital is really been in the partnerships and bringing on partners. And I think we’ve been quite effective in that to date. We have over $2.5 billion that we have raised which is quite a lot of money if you consider it in terms of increasing our ability to larger projects, our ability to fine-tune what our exposure is. And so we’ll continue to use that in renewables as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon: Tom, the $0.01 of operating performance improvement you had in the quarter. You don’t have a commensurate assumed increase or decrease in earnings within the $1.25 to $1.35 guidance range associated with operating performances. Is that because sort of quarter specific, or is it just too early in the year to know how much you’re going to sort of gain from that as you annualizes the things you did in the first quarter?
Thomas O’Flynn: It’s probably a little early Greg and obviously there is a lot of moving parts. We call that few, not all. I think the one thing that does jump out was DPL. It had improved performance. We didn’t have to pull out what’s actually, that was one thing that jumped off.
Greg Gordon: And then at what point during the year -- if you start to see yourselves potentially towards the midpoint or high-end of guidance, or sort of midpoint or low-end of guidance; do you pull the trigger on capital allocation on that 200 million that remains. Because obviously further in the year, you go, under a scenario where you’re getting behind and it's sort of too late to pull that lever. And in the flip side being, if you’re doing fine, you want to find out -- probably want to hold that money back and think more flexibly about it. So in the context of where you are, how you think things are trending, when do you think we’re getting update on that? 
Thomas O’Flynn: We’ll certainly do it quarter-to-quarter, we try to look ahead here and that’s what we felt very comfortable saying that we do 300 million of the 400 million that we authorized a couple of months ago, that would bring our share repurchase up to 3 and 340 whatever it would be. So, we’ll do it quarter-by-quarter. Also keep in my mind to the extend we see capital allocation opportunities, let’s say in early 2016 we may end up '15 with a higher balance than just working capital would require. So, we do look at this hard. We do compete all projects, all businesses whether it be a small storage or whether it be larger new build, we compete everything against share repurchase and we’ll continue to do that and keep you posted. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Turnure from JPMorgan. Your line is opened. 
Chris Turnure : I wanted to get an update on California re-powering. You guys were obviously successful there, back in the fall, with both the gas units and the storage. But could you give us some color here, on the potential for future gas projects there and storage, as well, to some degree, and timing and next milestones around those?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I would say, of course additional gas units have to based on sort of RFBs and bids, which if they come we still have the capacity to compete on those but really have nothing to report there. In terms of energy storage as I said California has a goal of 1,325 megawatts. Our commitment southern California I think is 100 megawatts, so there is a lot of room there for more. So, we really have to see. But you know it’s 2020. We will be very active in California seeking to increase our footprint there and to the measure that we get, we on additional bids; of course we’ll keep you informed. So, I think short term, certainly energy storage I see significant possibilities for growth in California for the next couple of years. 
Chris Turnure : And then going back to the re-securing of coal in India, and that's four projects, so it's not going to be online for a while. Could you talk to how the re-contracted situation compares to the original deal that you had, in terms of your growth plans? And if this is going to materially negatively affect any future projects that you were contemplating there? 
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Not really, there was this scandal, say in India, we call Coal Gate and when they looked at the coal allocations, we weren’t involved in any way in it. But they cancelled all 214 coal allocation [audio gap] OPGC has entered into a joint venture with the state government of Orissa. So, it's really JV of our JV, and so our holdings in this company will be like 25%; that would be the operator of the mine. No, we don’t see any issues at this time. It’s the same two coal blocks. It’s the same amount of 2,640 megawatts. So, it would support OPGC2 and could support, and again we’re not -- there is nothing specific. But it could support OPGC3. And we see nothing negative at this stage from the reallocation of the coal and the construction of the plant is proceeding according to plan. So, again, we sort of -- the plant was proceeding and as we straightened out the coal allocation issue, so, we’re back to where we were at the beginning. Actually the one difference is that it’s -- this joint venture is with the state government of Orissa. 
Chris Turnure : Okay. And then regarding future expansion in India, the economics have not meaningfully changed for any projects versus what you were thinking before. 
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Nothing is changed to date. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Orrill from Barclays. Your line is open.
Greg Orrill: So you reaffirmed the multi-year earnings guidance. You had some impacts in the quarter around in 2015 around the sensitivities that you were able to offset to some extent with hedging. As you look forward into 2016 and beyond, do you feel like these things you have to offset that or capital allocation and operations or maybe other things, other investments to offset those the negative move from sensitivities, so do you feel like you’re kind of in the same place?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, I’d tell you again. We have nothing really new to report at this time. And as you sort of pointed out that sensitivities move, I mean certain FX and some of the commodities have actually improved since the closing date of March 30th, in the last couple of weeks, there’s been some strengthening of the currencies to help offset some of that. What we would see as you say operational improvements, some of the projects, shorter term projects, some of the sort of energy storage that we put online this year can come on by 2016; also if we do any additional fogging, which also increases megawatts at a very low cost. For us things like the in-and-out terminal; basically the ability to re-export LNG from the Dominican Republic that maybe late sort of 2016; so those are mainly the things that we see at present. And of course capital allocation would be another tool that we have.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Charles Fishman from Morningstar. Your line is opened.
Charles Fishman: First, congratulations to your contract at Mong Duong; that safety record is phenomenal. And second -- the only question I had left was on Slide 24, I just wanted to confirm on that the third bullet point about the 214 million from your partner IPALCO, the Canadian partner. That’s not an increase in their equity piece, that’s just consistent timing with respect to your original announcement of their equity contribution in IPALCO, correct?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. That’s correct. And thank you for mentioning the sort of safety record at Mong Duong. We’re very proud of that and we do have a sort of lot of visitors who come to see us, how we were able to accomplish that in Vietnam.
Charles Fishman: Somebody that started out in the construction business; so I can tell you that that safety record is really strong. Thank you. That was the only question I had.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. Well we thank everybody for joining us on this call today. As always the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Strategy & Investment Committee Thomas M. O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Maura A. Shaughnessy - Massachusetts Financial Services Company Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division Insoo Kim - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sean, I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the AES Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial Review Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Ahmed Pasha, you may begin your conference.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Call. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to. Andres. Andres?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings call. Today I will, first, review our 2014 results; second, discuss the current macroeconomic environment and how it will affect our 2015 guidance; third, provide an update on the execution of our strategy to date; fourth, share my thoughts on capital allocation; and fifth, discuss our priorities for 2015. Then Tom will discuss our 2014 results and 2015 guidance and longer-term expectations in detail. Turning to Slide 4. During 2014, we made significant progress on our strategy and continued to position our company for the future. During this year, we brought in financial partners to invest $1.9 billion in our subsidiaries; announced or closed 10 transactions for $1.8 billion in equity proceeds from asset sales; broke new ground on 6 new platform expansion projects, totaling 2,200 megawatts and won long-term contracts to build 1,400 megawatts of capacity in California. We allocated $600 million to reduce parent debt and improve our credit profile, returned $450 million to shareholders through dividends and buybacks and announced a doubling of our dividend, with an intended growth rate of 10%. Turning to Slide 5. Unfortunately, our financial results for the year were affected by $0.10 of adverse hydrology in Panama and Brazil. Still, we earned an adjusted EPS of $1.30, which was at the lower end of our original guidance range of $1.30 to $1.40, and slightly better than our expectations at the end of our third quarter call in November. We are disappointed with our proportional free cash flow of $891 million. Although proportional free cash flow came in at the low end of our revised guidance, it is 20% lower than our original guidance, primarily driven by the higher working capital requirements in Brazil and Chile as well as increased receivables in Bulgaria. All of which, we expect to reverse in 2015. Now turning to Slide 6. I would like to outline several factors affecting our 2015 outlook. Importantly, we have taken a number of steps to mitigate their impacts. Since our last call, we've seen international macroeconomic factors move against us. Currency and commodity forwards have declined significantly. Although we are largely contracted and the majority of our earnings are U.S. dollar-linked, this downward shift in forward curves has affected some of our businesses and, consequently, our earnings expectations for 2015 and beyond. We are also seeing continuing poor hydro conditions in Brazil, especially in the state of São Paulo, where our hydros are located, rather than a return to normal hydrology, as we had previously assumed. We've been taking actions to lower our sensitivity to hydrology by adopting more optimal hedging strategies in Panama and Brazil. In Panama, we are bringing in a 72-megawatt oil-fired barge. In Brazil, we are working on creative solutions to supply additional energy, such as pursuing opportunities to restart long-term operations at our 640-megawatt Uruguaiana CCGT plant, which has not operated continually for many years due to lack of fuel. We're also exploring options to export energy from Chile and Argentina to the Brazilian grid. In parallel, we are proactively hedging our FX exposure in Brazil, Colombia and Europe, where since our last call, we have entered into additional hedges to shield 40% of our exposed earnings from further volatility. In our 2015 guidance, we're also assuming that ongoing negotiations in Bulgaria will have some earnings impact on our Maritza business. The Energy Minister of Bulgaria recently issued a communiqué in which he committed to paying Maritza's outstanding receivables of approximately $260 million and announced ongoing discussions to reduce the contract price. Additionally, the government is taking steps to improve the financial position of our offtaker, NEK, by reducing the volume of expensive energy that NEK is purchasing from other market participants and compensating NEK through environmental taxes. The Bulgarian government has targeted closing this negotiation and addressing NEK's financial situation in the first half of this year. Although negotiations have not been finalized, we're incorporating modest earnings dilution in our future expectations, which we believe is sufficient to accommodate the outcome of the discussions currently under way. The combined earnings impact of the macroeconomic factors and hydrology in Brazil as well as the potential outcome of the PPA negotiations at Maritza is approximately $0.18. Through proactive steps, including additional hedges, revenue improvement and cost savings, we expect to offset $0.13 of the total and, therefore, are reducing our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.05 to a revised range of $1.25 to $1.35. Notwithstanding the impact on our earnings from these factors, we are also reaffirming our 2015 proportional free cash flow range of $1,000,000,000 to $1,035,000,000 (sic) [$1,350,000,000], which is 30% higher than our 2014 results. This growth is largely driven by the recovery of working capital in Brazil and Chile as well as a reduction in accounts receivable in Bulgaria and the contributions from new plants coming online this year, such as the 1,240-megawatt Mong Duong project in Vietnam and the 72-megawatt oil-fired barge in Panama. Turning to Slide 7. I will discuss our continued progress on our strategic objectives, which we laid out in 2011, including reducing complexity, performance excellence, expanding access to capital and leveraging our platforms. First, reducing complexity. Since 2011, we have reduced the number of countries where we operate, from 28 down to 18, and raised $3 billion in equity proceeds from asset sales. In 2014 alone, we closed 10 transactions, totaling $1.8 billion in equity proceeds to AES. In addition to simplifying our portfolio, we recently exited riskier markets, such as Ukraine, Nigeria and Cameroon in a timely manner and at attractive valuations. As a result of our efforts, 80% of our 2014 earnings and proportional free cash flow was generated in 10 countries in the Americas. Regarding performance excellence, we believe that we are now the low-cost manager of a large portfolio of international energy assets. As you can see on Slide 8, we have reduced our global G&A by about 1/3 or $200 million, achieving the goal we established in 2011, 1 year early. Going forward, we are focusing on additional cost savings initiatives, including saving $100 million in O&M by 2018. Turning to Slide 9. Through financial partnerships, we are expanding our access to capital and fine-tuning our portfolio's global macroeconomic exposures and commodity risks. In most cases, we earn management, development, a promote or upfront fees. Partial sell-downs of our assets also served to highlight the value of the business in our portfolio. In total, we have raised $2.5 billion in proceeds to AES through financial partnerships. In 2014, we brought in partners at 4 of our businesses, including CDPQ, a long-term institutional investor headquartered in Québec, Canada, which recently invested in IPALCO in Indiana. We look forward to working with CDPQ on additional partnering opportunities in the U.S. and Latin America. Turning to leveraging our platforms on Slide 10. We are exclusively focusing our growth on classroom expansions, including adjacencies such as energy storage and desalinization. Adjacencies are smaller investment opportunities that are replicable across our portfolio and have higher returns, with a much shorter construction period. To that end, we recently made a $25 million investment to acquire Main Street Power, a developer of distributed solar. Although modest in size, this business will provide us with the know-how to implement distributed solar generation in some of our international markets, where power prices are higher and solar resource is greater. We will focus on commercial and industrial customers. We currently have a total of 1,141 megawatts (sic) [7,141 megawatts] under construction, the most in AES's 34-year history. These projects represent $9 billion in total capital expenditures, the vast majority of which is being funded by a combination of nonrecourse debt and partner equity. More importantly, our required equity for these projects is $1.5 billion, of which we've already funded 70%. In terms of where these projects are located, as you can see on the right-hand side of the slide, 40% of the capacity under construction is in the U.S. The 1,400 [ph] megawatts of Southland contracts we recently won are not yet included in these numbers since we have not yet broken ground. If they were, the U.S. would represent 50% of the new capacity. We're earning very attractive risk-adjusted returns on these projects. For competitive reasons, we cannot provide details on a project-by-project basis. However, we will provide some general guidelines. For international projects, we're seeing IRRs from the midteens to more than 20%, with project-specific returns varying, reflecting project and country risk premiums. For U.S. projects, IRRs are in the low double digits. Including all of our projects under construction, the average IRR is around 14% and the ROE is greater than 15%. We would expect to earn at least as much from new projects in our development pipeline. Now turning to Slide 11. I would emphasize that as we have done in the past, we will complete all new projects with share buybacks and, furthermore, we will only invest in a new project if it meets the following criteria. First, it enhances the value of an existing business, such as the MATS CapEx program at IPL in Indiana or the oil-fired barge in Panama. Second, it offers compelling risk-adjusted returns while minimizing AES Corp. equity by using project-level cash or local leverage capacity. Examples include closing the cycle at our DPP plant in the Dominican Republic and energy storage. And finally, for any large project, we would expect to bring in a partner to maximize our returns and allow us to fine tune our total exposure in the project. The bottom line is that our successful execution on the 4 pillars of our strategy that I just discussed have positioned us to deliver average annual cash flow growth of 10% to 15% over the next 4 years, as our construction projects come online. We expect to grow our dividend 10% per year from today's level as cash flow increases. Given all that, we believe that our current share price does not reflect the progress we have made in our company and portfolio or the value from our largely funded construction program. Therefore, we have taken advantage of low share prices by buying back $150 million of our shares since our third quarter call. And today, we have announced that our board has authorized an additional $400 million for share repurchases, the majority of which we expect to utilize in 2015. Finally, as you can see on Slide 12, our overall capital allocation over the last 3 years has been very shareholder-focused. In fact, we have allocated 78% of our discretionary cash to parent debt prepayments and returning cash to shareholders. Specifically, we've allocated $1.6 billion to decrease our parent debt by 20% and improve our financial flexibility. We have also reduced our share count by 10%, buying back 78 million shares at an average price of $12.69. And with the recent doubling of our dividend, we're now paying $0.10 per share per quarter and we expect to grow the dividend 10% annually. We recognize that 2015 will be a challenging year due to negative macroeconomic factors in international markets and poor hydrology in Brazil. Nonetheless, we will continue to execute on our strategy to create shareholder value by pulling the levers we have outlined today. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom, who will provide greater detail on our 2014 results and 2015 forecast.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thanks, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll review our fourth quarter and full year results, including: adjusted EPS; adjusted pretax contribution, or PTC, by strategic business unit, or SBU; and our cash flow. Then I'll discuss our 2014 and '15 capital allocation plans, 2015 guidance and our longer-term expectations. As Andres has just discussed, we achieved a number of our objectives in 2014, despite the impacts from adverse hydrology and other factors. From an EPS perspective, we were able to offset these issues through operational improvements, accelerated cost savings and our capital allocation decisions, including share repurchases and debt prepayments. Admittedly, our 2014 proportional free cash flow was disappointing due to higher working capital requirements and increased receivables. Turning to Slide 14. Our fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.41 compared to $0.29 in the fourth quarter of 2013. Overall, our businesses contributed $0.08, driven by higher earnings from our U.S., Brazil and Andes SBUs. We also benefited from a 3% reduction in share count, lower parent interest expense and improved corporate charges, which contributed $0.07. These benefits were offset by a $0.03 impact from tax. The adjusted effective tax rate in the quarter was 25%, which was higher than the 18% rate we had last year. Detailed drivers of our fourth quarter PTC performance by SBU are in the appendix. Moving to Slide 15, and our full year EPS of $1.30 per share. Compared to 2013, we benefited from $0.07 of better operating performance at our U.S. SBU and our utilities in Brazil, plus a smaller impact from hydro; $0.03 from several other items, including recognition of higher interest income on receivables in Argentina in 2013; and $0.11 from capital allocation and lower corporate charges. These benefits were offset by $0.06 from outages in the first 9 months and a $0.14 impact from a higher adjusted effective tax rate of 30% versus 21% in '13. We ended up at $1.30, which was at the low end of our original guidance range. Turning to Slide 16. Our results by SBU were in line with the adjusted PTC modeling ranges we provided in November. The main driver that helped us come in at the high end of our revised EPS range was a 30% tax rate, which was slightly below what we were expecting, and equates to a couple cents of earnings. Now to Slide 17. Poor hydrology in Latin America continued to be a headwind in 2014, with a $0.10 impact to our adjusted EPS versus normal conditions. Although this was a meaningful impact, it was about 25% lower than what we experienced in 2013 due to favorable hydro conditions in Colombia and our proactive steps in Panama. Now going to hydrology by market, beginning with Colombia. In 2014, Chivor had favorable inflow conditions relative to the rest of the country, which allowed us to sell excess power into the spot market at attractive prices, adding $0.03. Currently, inflows at Chivor are 92% of average. And we're expecting a normal year in 2015. In Panama, we had a $0.06 shortfall in '14, most of which was during the first 9 months, as inflows improved in the fourth quarter. Inflows are now close to 100% of long-term average and power prices are about $100 a megawatt hour, down from well over $200 per megawatt hour from much of last year. Our downside exposure continues to decrease for 2 main reasons. First, the government compensation agreement we negotiated last year to offset this exposure; and secondly, lower oil prices helped to reduce our earnings volatility, as spot prices during dry conditions are set by oil-fired generation. In 2014, we were purchasing in the spot market. If oil prices were at today's level last year, the hydro impact would've been about $0.03 rather than the $0.06 we actually experienced. I'll also note, as Andres mentioned, we've brought an oil-fired barge to Panama, improving our bottom line. Finally in Brazil, we had a $0.07 impact from poor hydrology in 2014. Tietê experienced a 10% reduction in generation, or GSF. The impact was magnified by the fact that the average spot price was just under BRL 700 per megawatt hour in 2014, significantly greater than the BRL 200 level of our offtake contract. Currently, reservoir levels are about 23%. While we've seen some recent improvement, it's difficult to predict how much they'll recover by the end of the rainy season in April. For now, we're factoring in about a $0.05 impact into our 2015 guidance due to an estimated 15% to 17% reduction in generation for the year. The impact of a shortfall will be less than last year as spot prices are now capped at BRL 388 per megawatt hour compared to the cap last year which was BRL 823. We're not incorporating rationing into our 2015 guidance at this time. We'll provide an update on our next earnings call in May, when we'll have more clarity. Although it's very premature, we estimate a rationing scenario could result in an additional $0.05 impact, above the $0.05 we already have incorporated into our guidance. Now to cash flow, beginning on Slide 18. We generated $287 million of proportional free cash flow in the fourth quarter, bringing the full year amount to $891 million versus $1.27 billion in 2013. Although near the bottom end of our revised guidance, it's roughly $250 million less than our original guidance. We're obviously disappointed with this result. This decline was largely driven by 3 unanticipated factors: first, an increase of a little more than $100 million in receivables at our Maritza Plant in Bulgaria; second, higher receivables at Sul, our utility in Brazil, due to higher energy purchases; and finally, a lag in VAT, or value-added taxes, related to our construction projects in Chile. We expect improvement in these factors this year. Now to Slide 19, and our capital allocation in 2014. Starting on the left, we generated roughly $1.9 billion of discretionary cash, including $1.2 billion from announced asset sales. We're pleased that despite our shortfall in proportional free cash flow, we generated $523 million in parent free cash flow, above the $500 million midpoint of our expectations. Turning to the right-hand side of the slide, we allocated 76% of this cash to parent debt and returning cash to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. Meeting our parent free cash flow expectation is especially important as it is the foundation of our dividend and dividend growth. As we've demonstrated through the recent doubling of our dividend, we continue to be comfortable that we'll generate about $525 million in parent free cash flow in '15 and growth of 10% to 15% annually. Turning to Slide 20, and our capital allocation plan for 2015. With $460 million in announced asset sale proceeds, our total discretionary cash is expected to be about $1.5 billion in 2015. We'll invest about $300 million to fund equity commitments in projects currently under construction, the largest of which is at IPALCO, where we have a $1.4 billion investment program under way to increase the rate base by 70% from 2013 to 2017. After taking into account our growth investments as well as expected debt prepayments of $200 million, we're projecting about $600 million of remaining cash available for allocation. We currently have a $400 million authorization for share repurchases, of which we expect to utilize the majority during 2015. Before turning to our guidance, I'd like to take a moment to address our foreign currency and commodity exposures and our hedging practices, on Slide 21. We have long-term protections built into our business model to manage our exposure to FX and commodity price changes. For example, 82% of our businesses are either utilities or generation businesses with an average contract term of 7 years. This insulates the majority of our earnings from commodity price volatility. Having said that, some of our businesses do have commodity exposure as they operate in markets where power prices are oil- or natural-gas-driven. As shown in our appendix, every 10% move in oil is roughly a $0.025 EPS impact on an op [ph] basis, primarily from the Dominican Republic and, to a lesser extent, Panama, where we have a modest amount of excess power to sell into the spot market. On the plus side, in Panama, as I just mentioned, lower oil prices reduce our exposure to poor hydrology. In terms of gas, our largest exposure is at our DPL merchant business, where our 3,000-megawatt coal-fired fleet is negatively impacted by declining gas prices. However, although, gas has fallen by 20%, dark spreads held up at around the $12 range. The impact on our EPS has been less than our disclosed sensitivities, which assumed a constant market heat rate. Regarding currencies, as you can see on the right-hand side, we're largely protected from foreign currency changes, given that more than 2/3 of our PTC is effectively U.S.-dollar denominated. The remaining 1/3 is exposed to a handful of foreign currencies, mainly the Brazilian real, the euro and the Colombian peso. For the exposed portion, we mitigate the risk on a 12-month rolling basis through shorter-term FX hedging programs or currency-linked escalation clauses in our shorter-term contracts. Now I'll walk through our 2015 adjusted EPS guidance on Slide 22. The updated forward curve on commodities and currencies used in sensitivities we provided in our last earnings deck, would suggest a $0.10 negative impact to 2015. However, as a result of additional FX hedges, fuel and power contracts, we have been able to trim the overall impact from currencies and commodities on our 2015 EPS by $0.04. We're also incorporating a $0.05 impact from Brazil hydrology, as I discussed earlier. Finally, we've also factored in a modest dilution of $0.03 from other factors, including PPA negotiations at Maritza. We're offsetting these impacts through the following actions: $0.04 from cost savings initiatives across our portfolio and revenue improvements, including a modest uplift from Mong Duong, where a new accounting standard better aligns earnings with cash on an ongoing basis; $0.02 from accelerated capital allocation; and $0.03 from various tax opportunities. Net-net, we've offset $0.13 of the $0.18 of headwinds, and therefore revised our guidance downward by $0.05 to a range of $1.25 to $1.35 per share. Turning to our longer-term adjusted EPS expectations, on Slide 23. We continue to expect modest to flat growth in 2016, and 6% to 8% growth in 2017 and '18, more weighted towards 2018, consistent with our prior expectation but off a lower 2015 base. Our projects under construction will drive our earnings growth, while many of the other actions we're implementing in 2015 will continue to benefit us in '16 and beyond, largely offsetting what appears at this time to be a negative impact from currency and commodity forward curves as well as the impact of potential modifications of the Maritza PPA. Shifting to cash flow guidance on Slide 24. We are reaffirming our 2015 proportional free cash flow guidance of $1 billion to $1.35 billion. This implies an increase of roughly $275 million over 2014, which is driven by recovery of working capital and receivables along with cash flow from new businesses, including Mong Duong, which comes online this year. In Brazil, we're encouraged that recent moves by the regulator will accelerate the collection of purchased power costs by the distribution companies. On Slide 25, we continue to expect 10% to 15% average annual growth in proportional free cash flow driven by contributions from projects currently under construction as well as the fact that maintenance CapEx is less than depreciation from new projects. In 2014 and '15, depreciation averages about $350 million greater than maintenance and environmental CapEx. We expect this differential to widen to $600 million by 2017, which explains much of why our cash flow is growing at a greater rate than earnings. We believe cash flow is a key value driver, with strong double-digit growth in both proportional and parent free cash flow over the longer term. We'll continue to show the value of our cash flow through disciplined capital allocation that maximizes risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders. Now I'll turn it back to Andres.
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. To summarize, we made significant progress on our strategy in 2014 and are encouraged with the resilience of our platform and the opportunities it provides to increase shareholder value. For 2015, our priorities are: pulling all levers to mitigate the effects of poor hydrology in Brazil and lower FX and commodity prices; completing the 1,240-megawatt Mong Duong project in Vietnam, which will be a major contributor to our growth; resolving Maritza's outstanding receivables and renegotiating our PPA; executing on platform expansion opportunities and bringing in financial partners at the project level; and allocating our discretionary capital to maximize returns, including providing for growth in our dividend and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases. We believe that AES is uniquely positioned to offer our shareholders a strong and growing cash flow and dividends. I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. One, I noticed that when you updated your 2015 guidance, you used the commodity and currency curves as of December 31, 2014. As you know, since then, particularly on the currency side, we've seen further depreciation out there. And I'm just wondering, factoring all of that in as we stand here today, does that cause you to relook at the range of earnings that you put out maybe towards the lower end or has there been other offsets that you're still comfortable on the midpoint of this range to [indiscernible] given the currencies moves for the year?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Ali, we're comfortable with the range we're providing.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Are there any other additional offsets that you've made since December 31 that aren't?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Again, I think that we have a number of initiatives that we're undertaking. And again, in the net-net, we're comfortable with the range we're providing.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, Ali, I'll just say that as we look at the currencies maybe off $0.01, maybe real is a bit up, but there are some other moving pieces. Maybe commodities have helped us a little bit, so net-net, we're in about the same place. And we thought that the end of the year was a good baseline, and that's what we used for our budget. We just thought that was a good place to stick with, but we obviously provided you with sensitivities.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right. Second question, with regards to the longer-term earnings outlook, '16 and beyond, if I heard you right, I think you've said, "Hey, we're now going to start off from the lower base and build out from there." So I would've thought some of the '15 hits are not dominant and currency and commodities can move at other places. So why is there a permanent sort of rollover effect in the future years that causes everything to move down, given the '15 move down?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Ali, I completely agree that currencies and commodities can move. Hydrology, we expect to be sort of onetime hits. But currency and commodity, we're putting in the forward curves that we have to date. We don't have any better information. But I agree, if they improve and then we would improve as well. But the way the modeling works is that you have to take the forward curves and the best estimate of tomorrow's price is today's prices, and so we've moved them down accordingly. But I agree with you. I mean, one thing we're sure of is that they're going to move in the future.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And then, Andres, finally, as far as CIC's ownership is concerned, obviously, there's a representative on your board resigned last month. They haven't announced a replacement. What's your latest understanding of what their plan is for their ownership in AES shares currently?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Sure. Of course we can't speak for CIC, but what I can say is that, first, the decision of Mr. Zhang [ph] to retire is because he hit the age limit of 70, and in China, they're very strict about the age limit restrictions in government, so that's the first part. The second, as you know, there are things happening in China, so they have the right to assign a new director, and they will do so. But as you know, because of certain campaigns that are in China today, things have slowed down in terms of rapid decision-making.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So no indication from them on what their plans are for their ownership?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: We saw an interesting development yesterday in Ohio. And I know it's very recent, but it did look, I guess, to us at least, somewhat promising in terms of receptivity to PPAs in the state. Just curious, I know it's very recent and involves another company, but any immediate reaction to that? Any thoughts as to how that might impact you or just, more broadly, on what you saw yesterday?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, Stephen. It's Tom. I'll just hit that briefly. We have been following that. We did notice that it seemed like PUCO was receptive to the concept of PPAs, but didn't believe that specific example warranted the PPO, or the merits were not significant or sufficiently demonstrated. So we continue to monitor the situation. We do think -- kind of stepping back on, a bigger picture, we do think capacity will be worth more and that probably was a significant input into us deciding last summer to retain the generation. We are seeing a lot of that, to be honest, through PJM premium capacity product. That looks like it's on track, so we expect to get more value for our capacity in that fashion. The last thing I'd say, it's a little harder for us. All of our plants are, let's say, positive on a to-go cost. We don't have any plants that are cash flow-negative, as we see it. So it's a little harder for us to make the case that, perhaps, some other plants in Ohio might -- the majority of our plants. We do have a small interest in the OVEC plant that might be in a different situation, but the majority of our plants are cash flow positive.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Understood. That's very helpful. And I wanted to switch over, Andres, to Main Street Power, and as you think about solar for commercial and industrial customers. I'm just curious how we should think about this in terms of the types of countries that would be most interesting. You talked about the criteria briefly, but is this something that you would envision will start relatively small for some period of time? Do you see the potential as so positive that within meaningful, relatively short amount of time it could become sizable? How should we think about this in terms of where this goes in terms of scale?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, great question. We're starting off very modestly. I think as you know, we sold most of our position in utility-scale solar in our JV with Riverstone. We've kept some assets. We continue to believe that we should have the capability of introducing solar onto our platforms where it makes economic sense. So right now, we're building 20 megawatts of solar in Chile. So one market that's particularly interesting is Chile, where you have some of the best solar irradiation in the world, and you have very low rainfall in the north, so it's an optimal place for solar. And also energy prices, because they have limited hydro, are quite high. So that combination of factors makes it an attractive market. We have other markets, such as the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, where, again, you have high solar irradiation and you have high energy prices. So we feel that this could be a nice addition to our portfolio to address the needs of large customers, especially commercial and industrial. We also think that this is -- distributed solar is something which is affecting the industry, and we want to have our most current information, understand what's happening, understand developments to be able to react faster. So we think that we have a unique footprint in terms of places where you have the right combinations of natural factors and of market factors, and with this know-how, we're optimistic we will make a good business. Now given AES's size and given that we have a modest investment, at this point, it will take some time to grow out. And lastly, as you know, we are the world leaders in the use of lithium-ion batteries. We recently won in the Southern California Edison bid. We got 100 megawatts of more, additional capacity and we're using it really to -- almost like a peaking plant, I would say. So having distributed solar and having the batteries together puts us in a very good position to react to changes in the marketplace with the growth of renewables. So again, it's part of our having a complete product offering. But again, we're starting off modest and like in batteries, we intend to make money from it.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's very helpful. And if I could, just one last very brief question on Uruguaiana. You talked, Andres, about the potential restart and the key challenge in terms of getting fuel. What are potential approaches you could take there? How should we think about the challenges of actually achieving a restart there?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, well, last year it ran for a couple of months and it's going to be running this year as well for a couple of months under emergency situations. Of course, what would be more efficient for us is to receive capacity payments and be able to run it more. We have, of course, a gas pipeline. It comes through Argentina. So the issue really has been to deliver LNG into Argentina and get an equivalent amount of gas in Brazil at Uruguaiana. And it really depends on what's the delivered price to the plant, so we've been having relatively high prices of delivered gas to Uruguaiana. We're working on mechanisms using the existing infrastructure to get lower-priced gas. But what is also very important is that we have been promoting discussions between the governments. So we had an interconnection line from Chile -- from Argentina to Chile, from TermoAndes into Chile. Given the situation of increased capacity in Northern Chile, we have reversed that transmission line so that we can now export energy from Chile into Argentina. And there exists the possibility, and that we're exploring, where we would actually pass energy from Chile to Argentina and from Argentina into Brazil. And it would be a win-win for all, and we have had considerable government receptivity. It's just that we've gotten the permission for the first step, we'll be looking to the second step. But I think what's important, broadly, is that we're looking at ways to decrease our hydro exposure. And even if rains come back to normal, we don't want to be as susceptible to a drought. Admittedly, this is the worst drought in 100 years but, nonetheless, we want to decrease our portfolio sensitivity to it, so we're looking at these ideas.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So I wanted to elaborate a little bit on the cost savings. Can you talk about where exactly you're getting from -- them from, and the sustainability as you look forward on the guidance you guys just released? And then perhaps, the second factor, as you think year-on-year, looking towards the hydrology, what kind of assumptions on normalization are you assuming '15 versus '16, or is that kind of all largely caught up already within the range, the $0.10 range you have?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. Let me take the first one and Tom will take the second one. The first one, regarding the O&M savings that I mentioned. So first, the G&A savings, the $200 million, that's sustainable. That's a structural change in how we operate and better use of systems and I think a better organizational structure. So that's, let's say, in the bag. Regarding the additional $100 million of O&M savings for -- through 2018. Basically, as you know, we're -- have 7,000 additional megawatts, which will come online between now and 2018. So really, our challenge is to keep O&M constant, flat, and reducing it on a megawatt-hour basis, is what we're going to be doing and also keeping our costs flat relative to local inflations. These are our 2 main mechanisms that we're doing. Of course, we have opportunities for additional standardization, for additional aggregation of purchases. We now have the systems to do that. Those are additional things that we'll be looking at.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Julien, the hydrology for next year, we're assuming it'll be normal, just like we are for Panama this year. Keep in mind that our contract at Tietê of about BRL 200 per megawatt hour ends this year, so we're about 83%, 85% hedged for next year. So if there was a GSF reduction like we're predicting this year, let's say, 15%, we would lose some sales. We would not be short. So we'll be in a much better position going forward. And that's how we would expect to run our business at Tietê, as well as everywhere else. All our businesses that are portfolios in a market we would look to sell some of the power but have some excess that would protect us against reductions in production and hopefully to capitalize on some opportunities where we've got a little bit of length if prices are high.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And then moving to Vietnam real quickly, can you elaborate briefly here on your expectations for not just this year but in subsequent years around earnings trends. You talked it up in terms of '15 guidance, but in terms of the -- once in service, what does it mean, your latest update on guidance? Because I know you've talked to a lower ROE versus cash flow in that project throughout.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, so the ROE -- as I said, the ROE will now look closer to the cash yields and the cash yield is in the high teens and the ROE will be in the midteens maybe 14%, 15%.
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: So, Julien, we expect us to be fully online, both units will be online by the second half of the year. So starting '16, we have a full year of Mong Duong. Now again, cash is still sort of front loaded. Because it's a BOT, it comes under lease accounting or a version of it, and we have to normalize it over the life of the projects.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: But those are -- Julien, those benefits -- that ROE is sustainable for many years, 10 years plus.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. But let me just be clear about kind of combining these factors. You're going to have a better ROE on Vietnam, and so that's another year-over-year benefit in '16, right? So the '15 versus '16 jump is better than what you previously disclosed? And then in addition to that, in theory, there's a normalization factor that's taking effect '15 versus '16 that should be benefiting as well, right? Is that -- I just want to make sure I'm capturing some of the changes here as you think forward-looking.
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: The short answer is yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. Excellent. And then lastly, just on Bulgaria, if you don't mind my asking. I appreciate that you've taken an impact here. When you're thinking about the overall value proposition and the NPV, how are you thinking about that in the context of the conversation? And I know that might be sensitive. I just wanted to get that out there, if I could.
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. Of course, we're in the midst of conversations with the government. For us, the real key point is, one, a prompt payment of the 100% of the outstanding receivables; and the second is really solving the source of the problem, which is the financial situation of NEK, the offtaker. So by really increasing the revenues to NEK, especially on the passing of the C02 taxes, which went to the government. The government allocated a portion of that to NEK. Now they'll go directly to NEK. And second, rationalizing the energy that NEK buys because we are the -- among the thermal plants, one of the few EU 16-compliant plants. So if they really enforced their rules, this will put -- make our plant much more important. And so I think it's -- the exchange, of course, would be that they want a decrease in our energy prices today and for a number of years and, in exchange, we have to look at the overall health of the business. And so we'll be looking at those factors, taking them into consideration. But I think the most important is that we should end up with a project that we don't have to be talking about receivables next year at this time, and that's really our primary interest in this. And the government, quite frankly, doesn't want to be talking about this either. But I think that with the cancellation of the South Stream project of gas from Russia, this plant becomes absolutely vital for Bulgaria. So I feel very confident that we will come to a resolution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Maura Shaughnessy from MFS.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - Massachusetts Financial Services Company: Yes, so I just -- I just have 2 questions dealing mainly around Brazil. So just what was the GSF for Tietê in '14 and what is the assumption in '15?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, Maura, it's Tom. GSF was down 10% in '14, and so that was basically what cost us the $0.07. Our assumption for '15 is 15% to 17%. Keep in mind, obviously, the prices were a lot lower. We are filling our short in '14 at basically BRL 700 per megawatt hour. Now the cap is BRL 388. So it's a larger shortage, but it's cheaper to fill it on a megawatt-hour basis.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - Massachusetts Financial Services Company: And so that the assumption that the GSF would fall into -- and I guess, you're talking about it down from 100%, I think about it the other way. So in the 70s under a rationing scenario? What's the...
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Well, our -- I guess our assumption in terms of percentage of assured energy, flipping it around, we were 90% of assured last year and we'll be -- we're assuming we'll be 83% to 85% of our assured this year. So the $0.05 that's baked into our guidance assumes that we'll not be rationing. Obviously, we're watching the rainfall. We'll know more -- I think, at least, the last week or so has been good, but if there were to be rationing, there's different scenarios. We've looked at them. But our sense is if we were to be rationing, it would be an additional $0.05, so it'll be $0.10 instead of $0.05. But it's still far too early to call on rationing.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - Massachusetts Financial Services Company: An assured energy level of 75% to 80%, is a guesstimate range on rationing?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, we have a little more -- well, there's assured but then that also goes into some volume reductions, so we actually start to lose a little bit at Eletropaulo and Sul. So it's a Tietê. The rationing would be baked in. We'd have some Sul and Eletropaulo sales reductions as well as just Tietê. That's a Brazil number, not just a Tietê number.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - Massachusetts Financial Services Company: So the $0.08 expected hit for Tietê in '16, I think you had something like 17% of that contract still open. What's the assumption in terms of the pricing to get to that $0.08? And what are you doing with that open position? What's the strategy there?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, I'm sorry -- so for -- there is a reduction, let's say, from normal '15 to a normal '16. I want to make sure I separate hydrology from prices. There is a reduction of about $0.06, $0.07 just on a normal hydro year, from '15 to '16, because this year, we're selling at BRL 200 per megawatt hour. Next year, it's about BRL 135. It's about BRL 135 while it's been doing a rolling forward hedge program now for about 18 months, and I believe about BRL 135 is our average pricing and about 83% sold for Tietê next year. That number goes up a little bit in the next 3 years. The reais per megawatt hour goes up a little bit. And the hedging level, just like any rolling hedge program, goes down, about 20% a year.
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Exactly -- in -- by '18, it's 46% hedged, and the average price is BRL 141 per megawatt hour.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - Massachusetts Financial Services Company: Okay. And just -- I mean, obviously, the tax is what it is, but when you're selling [indiscernible] forward power today, what would those prices be at today?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Well, we're seeing very high numbers. If you just did a single '16, we're seeing them in the mid-200s. But we've generally been selling more -- sorry, go ahead.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - Massachusetts Financial Services Company: Yes, so we know the Eletropaulo contract expires and the like, I'm just trying to understand what that [indiscernible]. The initial power sold was very low prices, but now you have last year the opportunity to reset that cost. But the pricing hasn't pushed up that much in your asset loss in '16 versus '15. So just wondering what -- is there the chance to be -- is the assumption to be selling power north of [indiscernible] or no?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes -- no, Maura, that's -- I mean, we've been doing a rolling hedge program, as I said, it started probably about 2 years ago. So 1 year ago at this time, we said that we had a fair number of sales for '16 and they were about BRL 150, so as we increased our sales, as we filled up the bucket for '16 over the last 12 months, we've been doing it at about, well, BRL 160, BRL 180, so that's why we -- our weighted average is BRL 135 for '16, which basically reflects sales we've been doing for the last couple years. It is fair, as we've been doing the sales, Andres has mentioned about 40% sold for '18, we have often sold them in 3-year strips, because there's a little bit of backwardation between '16 and '19, so we've been selling them in 3-year strips to take advantage of the '16 higher prices and basically stretch it out for a couple of years.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - Massachusetts Financial Services Company: So if I were stepping back and looking at what's happening in Brazil, you've had a positive in terms of accounting in terms of Eletropaulo this quarter and on the other [indiscernible] we're supposed to have a special tariff increase in March. So that front for the distribution company, never mind in the next [indiscernible] seeing some rational returns to its [indiscernible] having said that, on [indiscernible] the strategy from the government just seems to be pray for rain. [indiscernible] Just going to wait until April and that will make a determination or, because it seems easy for them not to have been doing stuff, obviously, a year ago, never mind this year. So what's the -- Andres, what do you think this is going to -- how this is all going to shake out?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, I think that -- I remember last year when we talked about this. We said that we thought rationing was very unlikely, given the elections, that they'd do everything possible to avoid rationing. I think that you'll have the extraordinary tariff increase. We expect that in March. I do think that will go through, which will help us pass through short-term -- near-term costs. I think that the last couple weeks have been good. I mean, one of the big problems has been that the rainfall has been falling in the wrong places. It's been falling further south and the big hydros are in the southeast. So that's what's -- so the average rainfall numbers won't give you the real picture. It's really the fact that they haven't been falling in São Paulo and Mina Gerais, the rain. So my feeling is that they'll -- they're showing that they're taking active steps to protect the liquidity of the distribution companies. I think they're also taking active steps to run as much thermal as possible. And so it isn't sort of just hope for the rains. I think they're taking a lot of steps. So I still think it's more likely that we won't have rationing than we will have rationing. But it's a higher percentage than it was, say, last year. It might be 40-60 or something like this. We don't know the exact numbers. But they are doing, taking the right steps to ensure liquidity at the Discos, and also to run the thermals, and they are in discussions with us. At Uruguaiana, we are running the plant and they are really looking at the imports of energy. I don't know if that sort of gives you sort of our feeling of what will happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked. Good job, guys, navigating through a very tough environment. One question is when I looked at the shortfall in cash flow that you experienced this year, below the bottom end of the range, how much of that is just stuff that you actually expect to reverse out and come back in '15 and '16 and that's essentially baked into your confidence in the future cash flow?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Greg, I'd say some of it is, especially the nearest-term stuff will be the Chilean VAT. We've already started to see about 1/2 of that come back. The Brazilian situation is, as Andres mentioned there have been through the flag mechanisms and there are some meaningful rate increases expected here, whereby the deferred power purchase expense will get passed through here in the next few months. So we have good visibility and we also have a good, reasonable contingency in our numbers.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Great. And when I look at the spread between parent free cash flow and -- sorry, proportional free cash and parent free cash, $1,000,000,000 to $1,350,000,000 going down to $475 million to $575 million, that's a ratio of 42.5% at the low end, of 47.5% at the high end. Is it a good rule of thumb to assume that proportional free cash translates into the parent free cash at 45% as we go through time or does that rise or fall or is there another way we should think about that?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I think that can rise and fall. I mean, I think we showed it last year, where one fell 25% and the other one grew. So it will depend on the specific circumstances.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay, great. But I mean, should we be concerned that there's that big range of potential outcomes there or is it with a relatively narrow band?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: The parent free cash flow, I think we've shown over the years, is very solid.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay, great. And my final question is can you just review what's going on with the Southland projects and what is the actual timing of when the capital investments start to translate into net income?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: When they'll start to translate? Well, they would come online in 2020, is what we're looking at.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: And would you generate AFUDC on those investments or -- in the construction space or no?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: No. No, this is...
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Insoo Kim from RBC Capital Markets.
Insoo Kim - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Regarding the Maritza renegotiations, in your guidance, what percentage decrease in contract prices are you assuming and kind of, I guess, the breakdown of -- from that $0.03, what EPS impact are you assuming?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, on the first one, I mean, we can't give any details, because we're in the midst of negotiations right now. So I can't give you any more color on that. It's in that bundle that we've put up there, of $0.03, and we think that's more than adequate to cover anything that could result from the negotiations.
Insoo Kim - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And regarding the tax rate for the year, I know it assumes the extension of the CFC look-through rule. Do you have any updates or timing on when that decision would come out?
Andrés Ricardo Gluski Weilert: We got it last year. Congress has had a tendency to do it last minute, sort of 12:00 on the 31st of December. So we really don't. I mean, there is a talk of updating the -- starting to make some changes in our tax code, but there remains significant support for this. And so we expect it to be passed. We're also taking steps to minimize the impact should it not pass, as we have in the past. So we're now talking about a range of maybe $0.05 or something like that, should it not pass. But just a reminder, we do have $3 billion of NOLs. We are generating more, so it will always be noncash for the foreseeable future.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay. Well, we thank everyone for joining us today on our call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Strategy & Investment Committee Thomas M. O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to The AES Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Financial Review Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this call is being recorded today, Thursday, November 6, 2014 at 9:00 Eastern Time. I would now like to turn the meeting over to your host for today's call, Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to AES' Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our senior management team With that, I will now turn the call over to Andres. Andres?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. Today, I will discuss our current financial outlook and provide an update on the execution of our strategy and plans to create value for our shareholders. Overall, while we are reaffirming our medium to long-term cash and earning projections, we are lowering our near-term guidance as a result of the persistent drought in Latin America and weak foreign currency exchange rates. Despite disappointing short-term expectations, we are executing well against our strategic objectives of reducing our footprint and costs and growing our business platforms profitably. To date, we're ahead of our expectations on asset sales and on track on our cost reductions. Our construction pipeline represents $9 billion in investments and more than 7,000 megawatts of additional capacity and upgrades. And this year, we plan to return up to $480 million to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, the highest amount in AES' history. On this call, I will provide a discussion of our 2014 outlook, an update on macro trends that we're seeing across our portfolio, a review of our accomplishments since our second quarter call in August and my thoughts on capital allocation. Tom will then provide a detailed discussion of our results and guidance. Turning to Slide 4. As I mentioned, 2014 has been a very challenging year for AES with headwinds from poor hydrology and untimely plant outages. At the time of our last call, we expected poor hydrology to have an impact of $0.07 to $0.10 per share on our full year earnings, with an additional negative impact of $0.06 from plant outages. At that time, we expected to offset most of this impact through improved operational performance, accelerated G&A savings and capital allocation, and be able to achieve the low end of our guidance range. However, based on our 9-month performance and our updated outlook for the remainder of the year, we have revised our 2014 guidance to a range of $1.25 to $1.31. This revision reflects our current view of hydrology, which we now expect to have a negative impact of $0.10. The reduction also includes a $0.02 impact from a modestly higher effective tax rate. Now I would like to review some macro trends that we're seeing across our portfolio and provide an update on a few of our businesses, beginning on Slide 5. Poor hydrology in Latin America has had a substantial impact on our earnings over the past 2 years. Although short-term weather conditions are difficult to predict, our numbers are based on a return to normal hydrology in 2015. In Panama, where we have experienced the worst hydrology in the last 50 years, we are encouraged by the higher-than-expected inflows and the recovery in reservoir levels in September and October. In Brazil, reservoir levels are currently at approximately 23%, which is about half the historical average for this time of year, causing elevated spot prices. The rainy season begins at the end of November, so we will have more insight into 2015 at the time of our fourth quarter call in February. We're also seeing a slowdown in global markets that is affecting currencies, interest rates, commodities and GDP growth expectations. While we largely manage market risk through contracts, fuel pass-throughs and hedging strategies, we have some residual exposure to these fluctuations. Relative to the long-term outlook we provided in February, we're now projecting more unfavorable euro and Brazilian real exchange rates and lower GDP growth and higher interest rates in Brazil. In 2017 and '18, the headwinds from foreign currency devaluation and lower GDP growth in Brazil are expected to continue, but are offset by improvements at DP&L, driven by higher dark spreads and revenue. Therefore, net-net, our earnings power remains basically unchanged from our prior expectations. Accordingly, we have lowered our 2015 and 2016 adjusted EPS outlook and we are reaffirming our 2017 and 2018 earnings power, as well as our 10% to 15% cash flow growth for 2015 through 2018. Tom will discuss our guidance and expectations in greater detail in a few minutes. Now I will provide a few business updates beginning on Slide 6. In Bulgaria, a new energy regulator was appointed in September, and a 10% increase in the end user electricity tariff was announced soon after. This tariff increase is a step towards improving the liquidity of Maritza's offtaker, NEK. Furthermore, we have been reassured by the regulator that our capacity is critical to the Bulgarian electric system and will remain an important part of their energy mix. In October, elections were held and we are awaiting the formation of a new government before resuming meaningful conversations on the outstanding issues. Turning to Slide 7. As you may have seen in the press recently, the coal allocation for most private companies, including our 1,320 megawatt OPGC II project, currently under construction, were canceled by the Supreme Court of India. Although there is no clear resolution at this point, with or without a direct coal allocation, we believe that OPGC II is still an attractive growth project for us. The plant is located in the state of Odisha, which has the second largest coal reserves in India. And we currently operate OPGC I adjacent to the site of OPGC II that utilizes coal supplied by Coal India. We are working on multiple options to optimize the coal supply to OPGC II and deliver much needed electricity in India once the plant is operational by 2018. Next, turning to Slide 8. In our accomplishments since our second quarter call in August. With 3 new transactions, we have made continued progress towards reducing the complexity of our portfolio and expanding our access to capital. We announced the sale of 100% of our interest in assets in Turkey. We also closed the sale of our operating wind projects in the United Kingdom and we brought in a strong local partner for our business in the Dominican Republic with the sell down of 8% of our position. These transactions represent a total of $382 million in equity proceeds to AES, which translates into 13x 2015 earnings. With these proceeds, we are 76% of the way towards the goal we announced this year of realizing $500 million in asset sale proceeds by December 2015. As a reminder, since September 2011, we have announced a total of $2.4 billion in asset sale proceeds to AES and announced our exit from 9 countries. This quarter, we have also achieved a number of substantial milestones on key platform expansions. As you can see on Slide 9, we have more than 7,000 megawatts under construction, the largest construction pipeline in AES' history. The total investment in these projects is $9 billion, of which our equity portion is $1.5 billion and $1.1 billion has already been funded. Our projected ROE on those projects is greater than 15%. Although our current earnings do not reflect any return from these investments other than at IPL, these projects will be contributing roughly $0.30 of adjusted EPS and more than $200 million in dividends to the parent on an annual basis once they have all come online by the end of 2018. Since our second quarter earnings call in August, we closed financing and broke around on 2 additional projects. Turning to Slide 10. In the Dominican Republic, we are closing the cycle at our DPP plant, which will increase output by 122 megawatts to 358 megawatts, without using any additional fuel. We are funding 100% of this project with available debt capacity in the Dominican Republic through $260 million in nonrecourse debt, including participation by the IFC. This project is fully contracted and is expected to come online early in 2017. Turning to Slide 11. In Panama, we recently acquired a 72 megawatt fuel oil-fired power barge and signed a 5-year PPA with a state-owned generation company for its capacity. The barge will be online early next year and modestly diversifies our portfolio in Panama away from hydro. In the U.S., we achieved important milestones on 2 development projects with a total project cost of $2.2 billion, which will likely be funded with a combination of debt, partner equity and AES equity. Turning to Slide 12. In California, where we currently own and operate almost 4,000 megawatts of gas-fired capacity, we were recently awarded a new 20-year Power Purchase Agreement by Southern California Edison. We will build and operate a 1,284 megawatts of combined cycle, gas-fired generation and 100 megawatts of battery-based energy storage to replace older capacity in the western Los Angeles Basin. I'm particularly excited about the energy storage award. And this is the first time this technology has successfully competed against traditional peaking capacity to win a long-term PPA. The award of these PPAs is a recognition of our ability to deliver innovative power solutions through a combination of our expertise and a locational advantage of our existing power plant sites. As our largest growth investment in the United States, this new capacity in California sets a solid foundation for continued earnings and cash flow contribution from Southland for years to come. Turning to Slide 13. In Indiana, IPL continues to grow by modernizing its fleet and is seeking approval from the regulator for a $332 million investment to comply with wastewater regulations and to convert our Harding Street Station from coal to natural gas. If approved, the majority of this investment will begin earning regulated returns during construction. When combined with the $1 billion investment in projects currently under construction at IPL, these projects represent an increase in rate base of 70%. Finally, before I turn the call over to Tom, I want to share my thoughts on capital allocation. Moving on to Slide 14. I would like to review the significant progress we have made towards enhancing long-term shareholder value through our strategy of disciplined capital allocation, which we outlined in late 2011. Since then, we've invested $1.6 billion to reduce or refinance debt, which has helped us lower our corporate debt by 20% and our interest expense by $140 million annually. We've also returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In fact, since 2011, we have lowered our share count by 9% by repurchasing 72 million shares at an average price of $12.43. Furthermore, we have selectively invested $831 million, primarily in growth projects. As I mentioned earlier, these platform expansions, projects, will represent an important component of our earnings and cash flow growth going forward. Turning to Slide 15. We expect to have substantial excess capital available to us going forward. Our diversified portfolio generates strong parent free cash flow, which is projected to grow at 10% to 15% annually on average through 2018, providing us with the wherewithal to fund growth projects across our key markets and deliver strong returns to shareholders. Additional asset sales proceeds, including bringing in partners would increase our available discretionary cash. But even without assuming any additional asset sales, we believe that available discretionary cash could total approximately $3 billion from 2015 through 2018. Approximately $400 million of this will be required to fund our remaining equity commitment for projects currently under construction. A minimum of $580 million will be used for dividend. That is the amount we would pay if we assume we hold dividends constant at the current level of $145 million annually. Considering the amount of parent debt that we've already prepaid, we believe that additional meaningful debt repayments aren't necessary for the next few years. The remaining $1.9 billion is therefore available for investment at attractive growth projects and returning cash to shareholders through buybacks and/or dividend increases. After dividend growth, which I will discuss in a moment, our other 2 alternatives for investment of our discretionary cash are growth projects and share repurchases. First, we have a strong pipeline of growth opportunities, including the IPL upgrades and Southland repowering, I just discussed, as well as additional platform expansions such as Masinloc 2, Mong Duong 3 and energy storage. Of course, as we have demonstrated, we are likely to bring in equity partners from many of these growth projects to optimize our returns and market exposures. Second, we view share repurchases as the benchmark against which all other investment decisions are measured. And as such, they remain a key part of our capital allocation. Although some of the macro factors that I have discussed this morning are having an impact on our near-term earnings and cash flow. Our portfolio continues to generate strong and growing cash flow, which we will continue to invest to create value for shareholders. Our board has increased our repurchase authorization to $150 million. In the past, we have indicated that we will be opportunistic with respect to the timing of buybacks. This time, we intend to use the majority of this authorization by the end of this year. Turning to Slide 16. With respect to the dividend, I appreciate that the current level of $0.20 per share or $145 million is relatively low, given our strong cash flow. We believe there is room to grow the dividend, particularly since our current payout ratio is at the lower end of our 30% to 40% of sustainable parent free cash flow, and we see robust 10% to 15% annual growth in our parent free cash flow. As you know, we typically review the dividend with our board in December. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thanks, Andres, and good morning, everyone. While we're disappointed that macro factors, higher working capital requirements and increased receivables have delayed our growth in near-term earnings and cash flow projections, our long-term outlook has not changed. In an effort to remain as transparent as possible, we are providing our 2015 guidance and longer-term expectations today, a quarter earlier than our normal practice. I'll go with the details after discussion of our third quarter results. Turning to Slide 18. Our third quarter adjusted EPS was $0.37 compared to $0.39 in the third quarter last year. Four of our strategic business units experienced strong adjusted PTC growth, driven by higher revenue and gross margin. However, these gains were offset by lower contributions from Brazil, largely due to poor hydrology and the plant outage at Masinloc in the Philippines in July, resulting in overall decline in our earnings for the quarter of $0.02. Our results also reflect a $0.01 impact from the sale of a minority interest in Masinloc, which was largely offset by the benefits of capital allocation. We also benefited from a slightly lower tax rate during the quarter. Before I go over our businesses in more detail, I'd like to comment on the $0.02 negative impact during the quarter from low hydrology on Slide 19. Our generation business in Brazil, Tietê, saw a $0.04 impact from hydro. The system inflows were lower relative to last year resulting in higher spot prices impacting Tietê who's had to cover part of the contract position in the open market. As we discussed on our last call, Tietê was net long in the first half of the year and short in the second half. Consequently, although their margins benefited in the first half, Tietê is now covering some of its contract position in the spot market. In Panama, where hydro is now improving, we had a $0.01 adverse impact from hydrology. This represents a $0.02 improvement over last year. Partially offsetting Brazil and Panama was a $0.03 benefit from hydro at Chivor in Colombia, where our facility had stronger inflows versus the rest of the country, allowing us to benefit from short-term sales at attractive prices. This brings our overall year-to-date hydro impact to $0.06, and we now expect the full year impact to be $0.10 a share versus $0.13 last year. Turning to Slide 20, I'll discuss each of our SBUs, focusing on adjusted PTC or PTC. In the U.S., we reported an increase of $24 million in PTC. This was largely driven by higher non-bypassable revenues at DPL, which were approved late last year and contributions from our wind businesses. In our Andes SBU, PTC increased $11 million, driven largely by higher volumes and prices in Colombia due to the hydrology I just covered. Next in Brazil, PTC decreased $84 million for the quarter. This includes about $50 million at Tietê, largely due to poor hydrology as I just discussed. Additionally, our utilities experienced higher costs, primarily related to storms at Sul. Moving to MCAC. PTC increased $28 million, primarily driven by higher rates and lower fuel costs in the Dominican Republic. We also saw an improvement in Panama as a result of the actions we've taken to reduce the impact of poor hydrology. Turning to EMEA on Slide 21. PTC increased $13 million, largely driven by higher availability at Maritza in Bulgaria and contributions from our IPP4 Jordan plant, which came online in July. Finally, in Asia, PTC declined by $28 million. As you may recall, our second quarter results this year were affected by an outage at Masinloc in the Philippines, which continued into July. Further, the results reflect the sale of 45% of our stake in Masinloc, which was completed during the quarter. To summarize this quarter, after corporate costs, we earned $354 million in adjusted pretax earnings and $0.30 adjusted EPS. As you can see on Slide 22, we are revising our 2014 adjusted PTC modeling ranges to reflect the same drivers as our revised adjusted EPS guidance, Andres just discussed. We provided new PTC modeling ranges by SBU in the appendix of today's slide deck as well. Year-to-date we've earned $937 million in adjusted PTC, which is 71% of the midpoint of our revised PTC range. After taking into account a 1% increase in our expected tax rate, which is now expected to be 31% to 33%, we're forecasting full year adjusted EPS of $1.25 to $1.31, with $0.89 already earned year-to-date. We expect higher earnings in the fourth quarter relative to $0.29 earned last year. Our fourth quarter 2013 results included the $0.04 provision we booked for potential customer refunds at Eletropaulo in Brazil. Further, our fourth quarter '14 results will benefit from improved operations in Chile and at IPL in the U.S., lower G&A and lower parent interest. Now to cash flow on Slide 23. We generated $427 million of proportional free cash flow in the quarter, bringing our year-to-date proportional free cash flow to $604 million versus $923 million in the first 9 months of last year. With our year-to-date performance and factoring in the impacts from working capital requirements in Brazil, Bulgaria and Chile, we now expect full year 2014 proportional free cash flow of $900 million to $1 billion. Year-to-date, we've achieved 60% of the midpoint of our revised guidance range and we now expect about $300 million to $400 million of proportional free cash flow during the fourth quarter, which is in line with the $349 million generated in the fourth quarter last year. Now to Slide 24 in our capital allocation plan for the year. Starting on the left, we project roughly $1.7 billion of discretionary cash, this includes about $1 billion of cash from announced asset sales except Turkey, which we expect to receive next year. I'd like to highlight that although we're lowering our proportional free cash flow guidance for the year, we still expect to generate $500 million of parent free cash flow. Turning to uses on the right-hand side. We've allocated about $330 million this year for a portion of our equity commitments to investments in subsidiaries, primarily for platform expansion projects under construction. So far in '14, we've used roughly $500 million for debt reduction and refinancing, and expect to use about $100 million more during the remainder of the year. Approximately half of this prepayment is to maintain credit neutrality following asset sales, while the remaining amount is discretionary in an effort to accelerate our credit metric improvement and reduce financial risk, consistent with our previously stated balanced capital allocation strategy. In terms of returning cash to shareholders. On the last call, we outlined our plan to return at least $300 million to shareholders this year. With $182 million of share repurchases so far, plus our annual dividend of $145 million, we're already returning $327 million to shareholders in 2014. Further, as Andres mentioned, we expect to invest another $150 million in our stock, largely by year end, which will bring total cash returned to shareholders in 2014 of up to above $475 million. After target closing cash balance of $100 million, we're projecting roughly $200 million of unallocated cash remaining at the end of 2014. For simplicity, we've assumed that this cash is carried over into '15. Of course, we may use some of that before year end. Now to Slide 25. I'd like to provide some insight into our plans for capital allocation for 2015. We expect parent free cash flow of roughly $525 million and $125 million in proceeds from the sale of our businesses in Turkey. Together with about $300 million of unallocated cash carryover from '14, this would put our total discretionary cash at about $1 billion in 2015. At this point, we expect to use this cash to fund roughly $200 million in equity commitments in our projects currently under construction as well as make dividends of $145 million at the current rate. This would leave us with about $550 million of unallocated cash in 2015, without assuming any additional asset sales. We'll continue to require new growth investments to compete against share repurchases. We have ample capacity to also increase the dividend. Now to Slide 26. Last February, we provided an initial outlook on earnings growth for 2015 through 2018. And today, I'd like to provide an update on those expectations. We've seen a stronger U.S. dollar, which has affected us mainly in Brazil and Europe. Further in Brazil, we've lowered our GDP growth expectations and we're experiencing higher interest rates. The impact from these macro factors is about $0.05 per year in 2015 and '16. Accordingly, we've lowered our 2015 and '16 expectations and are introducing a 2015 guidance range of $1.30 to $1.40 per share. We expect flat to modest growth in 2016 consistent with our prior expectations although from a lower earnings base. However, the level of earnings power that we now expect for 2017 and 2018 remains unchanged with the macro headwinds I just discussed continuing through '17 and '18, but are offset by some improvements, largely at DPL. We continue to expect that our projects under construction will drive our earnings growth, which is now 8% to 10% off the lower 2016 base. Turning to Slide 27. Although we include a modest contingency in our estimates, key assumptions in our 2015 guidance include: first, a return to normal hydrology in 2015; second, currency and commodity forward curves as of mid-October of this year. As always, we're providing sensitivities in the appendix of today's deck. Finally, a 31% to 33% effective tax rate, which assumes that the CFC look-through rule is extended. We believe the Congress will extend the CFC look-through later this year. However, if it is not extended, the impact on 2015 earnings could be a negative $0.06, after considering mitigating actions we're currently pursuing. And this impact would be, of course, noncash, given we have nearly $3 billion of NOLs outstanding. Further, if the CFC look-through rule is not extended, we'll continue to pursue actions to mitigate the impact as we've done in the past. Shifting to cash flow on Slide 28. Despite the reduction in our near-term earnings expectations, we're maintaining our cash flow outlook for 2018. We continue to expect 10% to 15% average annual growth in our proportional free cash flow as well as in our parent free cash flow. In 2015, our expectation is for between $1 billion and $1.35 billion in proportional free cash flow. This range implies an increase of roughly $225 million over the midpoint of our 2014 revised guidance. Approximately half of this increase is expected from the recovery of working capital, mostly from our utilities in Brazil and in Gener. The remaining amount is expected from improved availability at DPL and improved hydrology in Latin America. We continue to believe proportional free cash flow is one of our key value drivers with a strong double-digit growth over the longer term. We'll continue to show the value of our cash flow through disciplined capital allocation that maximizes risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. With that, I'll now turn it back to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. To summarize, despite lowering our near-term expectations, we're executing our strategic objectives, including narrowing our geographic focus and reducing costs while expanding our platforms in a profitable manner. We are ahead of our expectations on asset sales and on track for cost reductions. Our construction pipeline represents $9 billion in total project cost or 7,141 megawatts of additional capacity in upgrades, which is the largest amount in AES' 33-year history. This year, we expect to return up to $480 million to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, and we believe that we will have significant capacity to return cash to shareholders in the future. With that, we look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI financial conference in Dallas next week. And now, I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ali Agha of SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Andres, I guess my first question to you -- you mentioned that the board will look at the dividend in December and you currently have this 30% to 40% payout ratio on your free cash flow. And the consistent message that you've given us is that your cash flow growth profile for the next several years far exceeds your earnings profile. Is there any thought by management to revisit the payout ratio and perhaps rebate the dividend on a higher payout ratio? Also, given the conditions and the fact that the market certainly in today's environment is more supportive of higher-yielding securities and your higher free cash flow story would resonate more with investors if you were able to demonstrate to us a higher payout ratio. Any thought on that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's a very good observation, Ali. I think that today, we're at about 29% payout ratio, 29% payout [ph]. We have said that our policy is a payout ratio between 30% and 40%. So we are -- at this stage, what I would say is we want to maintain ourselves in that ratio, and that's what we will be discussing. But I think you raise a good issue and we will have the opportunity to look at that in the future. But right now, what I'd say is we want to be within the 30% to 40%. And currently, we're below that at about 29%.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I understand that and we will discuss this more perhaps at EEI. My second question for you is with regards to the earnings profile that you laid out for us and, obviously, the previous 4% to 6% guidance growth through '16 no longer is valid, given the new numbers. And so I guess a 2-part question. One, the $0.05 of macro headwinds that are incremental. I'm surprised given the size of your portfolio, that there weren't other offsetting factors that you could come up with, whether it's cost reductions or perhaps even more aggressive buybacks and capital allocation to offset that because $0.05 in the scheme of things is not that big of a number. I guess that's part one. And part 2, the normal hydrology that you have assumed for '15, how confident are you, given that, as you mentioned, the Brazilian rainy season hasn't even started yet and might we be looking at another potential reduction to the '15 numbers?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay, Ali. Let's take it by parts. In terms of the first one, the cost reductions. We're aggressively pursuing cost reductions. As we've stated, now we're moving from G&A to fixed costs in our business and we have an addressable spend of around $3 billion that we're going after. And we're working hard on this. Now it does take some time because this is -- we have 38,000 megawatts under our management. And this requires standardization, this requires testing, this requires aggregations. So that's well underway and I think that Andy and the team are doing a great job there, but that does take some time. But we certainly are pulling all levers to meet our commitment. I can assure you of that. But on the other hand, we want to make sure that everything we do is really creating a sustainable long-term shareholder value. So we're not going to make cuts that could, say, harm the value of this company going forward. I assure you, we are pulling all levers, and I think we've demonstrated we're quite good at that. I think we have a good track record in terms of that. The second in terms -- question regarding hydrology. I would say, break it into parts. We've had this unusual event that the hydrology was correlated negatively, quite frankly, everywhere, for the prior 2 years. Now even with the $0.10 negative impact, this is $0.03 less than it was in 2013. So we have improved. Part of it is some of the actions that we've taken on commercial policy, that we've taken with regards to Panama. Now we are seeing differences. In Panama, as I mentioned, we're actually seeing very good inflows into the reservoirs in September, October and carrying over to the first week here in November. So in Panama, we are seeing a recovery of the hydro. The question really is a little bit, some transmission constraints. But in terms of the physical rainfall in Panama, we've seen a significant recovery. In the case of Colombia, Chivor is in a different watershed than a lot of the country's hydro, and so it's actually done quite well, as Tom mentioned, because it's had a better relative rainfall than the rest of the country. So in Colombia -- in Panama, we see things better. In Brazil, it's still too early to tell. We got this question a lot, whether -- the situation in Brazil regarding 2014 at the beginning of the year. At that time, we said that we did not see rationing as the most likely scenario, that it was not likely to occur this year. All the studies I have seen for 2015 indicates that rationing is possible, but it's not the most likely scenario at this point. And as I mentioned in the past, if we compare this to 2001, the Brazilian government has about 10 gigawatts of thermal capacity and is executing quite well in terms of using the water, let's say, holding back on the water and using hydro. Now this will depend -- quite frankly, we really have no way of predicting when the rains will come at the end of November, beginning of December and they run through April, and that's what we'll have to see what happens at that time and how they handle it. Now there are different scenarios. It obviously would depend on the degree of -- if there were to be any rationing, the degree of it; the degree of compensations and what would be the price cap. So we'll give you information on the Q4 update when we have a better view. But it's difficult to predict whether in the short-term and what we monitor very closely are the reservoir levels and the actions that the government is taking to comply with it. And also quite frankly, it's a question of demand as well. It will be a question of how hot it is in the fourth quarter in Brazil, first quarter in Brazil and the economic recovery as well.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: My last question. In your capital allocation for 2014, as -- Tom, as you mentioned, there's still about $200 million that you kind of unallocated and maybe even assume it sticks around till the year end. Any reason why you didn't add that to the $150 million of buyback that you've indicated to us? Or is it possible that some or all of that $200 million is added on to the $150 million of buyback by year end?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Ali, I think it's -- I think I thought with the $150 million was to put out a number that we thought we could execute the majority of it by year end and it's step-by-step. I think we've shown that we put out more modest-size amounts, we execute on them and then we think about the next steps going forward.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, Ali, I think what's important here -- I think we've shown that we really do compete new investments against buybacks and we've always been able to get the authorizations that we need to do more buybacks. But as Tom said, we think this is the correct amount for this year. And also in terms of the total return to shareholders of this year, it will be a new record for AES. So we feel that we've made the right capital allocation decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to revisit your Ohio generation assets, just given we've seen some potentially favorable developments there. Has that at all altered your appetite for considering monetizing some or all of those assets?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What I would say is that, at this stage, we're happy with our decision. As you remember, we ran a sales process. We didn't think the price was right. I think that the market has moved in a favorable direction since then. So we feel that we made the correct decision in holding on to them and we're -- there's a number of things which could occur in the PJM and in Ohio, specifically, that could even improve the value further. So what I'd say at this stage, we're happy with our decision to hold that we made this year.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. But you're not necessarily wedded to that decision in the long-term if conditions changed and value were to change for those assets?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, again, we tend to think in terms of the medium term with our assets. In terms of the value we can create. We are talking about costs and synergies. You need to be able to plan into the medium term, and I think we also think about this in terms of our portfolio. One of the things we've done is bringing partners to reduce our exposure to certain risks, to increase, quite frankly, our capacity to do bigger projects. So we will always figure into that mix. But we also do portfolio fine-tuning. So I wouldn't exclude it, but what I'm saying is that what we are doing now is really trying to optimize our portfolio by bringing in partners and really looking at the mix of assets we have that give us really the best risk-adjusted return.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then just shifting over to the California contracts. Would it be possible for you to give us a sense of the aggregate EBITDA that's associated with these contracts?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Stephen, it's Tom. I'd say it's tough. It's obviously, fresh off the presses. So we've been through a pretty rigorous competitive situation, so I think we may, at some point, but I think it's a little too early for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Turnure of JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sticking on the theme of the SoCal Ed contracts that were announced yesterday. Could you kind of walk us through the long-term plan there? I know you have at least another gigawatt of potential capacity that you can kind of repower there. What are you thinking about that? What are you thinking about the 500 or so that you could just sell for other uses right now to redevelop that property? And how does all of this, including yesterday's contracts kind of fit into the idea that you are losing EBITDA, I guess at the end of 2018, because the existing contracts will go off?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. I think this is a good point. We have like, 4,000 megawatts. This is a very important step in terms of getting about 1,300 megawatts under a PPA in California. And we are looking at -- the main site is Huntington Beach. We also have Alamitos and we will be looking at what to do with the other sites. I think what's important here is the 100 megawatts of energy storage that we mentioned. And in the energy storage space, they often talk about resource that can be positive and negative. So this is 200 megawatts of resource, which is equivalent to the 100% of what we all have done to date. So that -- again, getting to your question here, Southern California is important to us. We'll be looking at getting the maximum value out of these sites. Our locational advantage is very important. We're very happy to have won this contract. And yes, we'll continue to focus on it. But at this time, what I'd say is you're correct. These new PPAs start in 2020 and we have to make sure that we have sufficient total presence there to offset everything that we'd be retiring.
Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then switching gears to the Dominican Republic. You guys sold that small stake of the assets there. Kind of, can you speak to the future of that business? What you were thinking in terms of the sale price there, the multiple that you got on valuation? And was it kind of more of a price motive? Or was it a strategic motive that drove you to make that decision?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, that's a good question. It was definitely a strategic motive. We've been doing very well in the Dominican Republic. There are really only 2 modern regasification facilities in the Caribbean, and this is one of them. The other one is in Puerto Rico. So this business has done well. As you know, we are selling compressed gas to third parties for vehicles and for other industrial purposes on the island. And this is very solid business. The gas that we bring in is at Henry Hub base. So what we saw here is that there's a potential to do more in the Dominican Republic, but we thought it was very important to have, say, a deeper relationship with the country and that's why we wanted to have local participation in our projects. So we are expanding, as you see, with DPP, that's a very efficient project where we're closing the cycle. We won't be, of course, burning any more fuel, but we'll get 122 more megawatts. So it really was a strategic motive. Now in terms of the big business, what do we see there? We see there is still upside potential from our regasification and storage facility there, and we could see that in the future having a little bit sort of hub and spoke system from the Dominican Republic. Now, of course, this -- we would have -- our business is the large business. It's the holding facility, so others could come and use our facility. But we see upside potential in the Dominican Republic from the very strong base that we have in gas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first, turning back to the Southern California for a quick second. Can you talk about sort of the net EPS change after the contracts roll off or the existing contracts roll off into the next round with the 3 assets that you got locked in? And what that 2019 interim period might look like as well?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, Julien, it's Tom. I think we may give a little bit of color, but as I said to Stephen, it's a little -- still early just given it is really hot off the presses. We have just been through a -- quite a lengthy competitor process. So it's a little early for us to be putting out detailed numbers.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes, Julien, just to give you a big picture. This is Ahmed. In terms of the uptick -- I mean, just comparing these current existing capacity against what we've just have been awarded, the 1,300, 1,400 megawatts. Just these megawatts will be contributing higher EBITDA earnings than what we are projecting today from existing capacity in 2017. On the top of that, there is another capacity, about 1,000 megawatts, that we have already permitted, that will add even more. So I think the short answer to your question is, it is accretive comparing the existing generation versus what we can do on our existing sites.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. Absolutely, very clear. And just in terms of capital allocation around the SCE assets. Can you just elaborate a little bit more what the thought process is around equity? And broadly funding it, if you will, just from a timeline perspective?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Sure. Once again, it's early, but I think if you take a $1.9 million, $2 billion number, we think these are very leverageable and consistent with our financing process. We do debt for certainly a strong majority, maybe call it 60% -- probably more likely 70%. So that will leave about 30% equity commitments. And we will -- as Andres said, we'll strongly look to bring in a partner that could help us leverage ourselves further and manage our commitments and also potentially enhance our return.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. Let me -- perhaps I may be a little clearer, also. What is your thought process around YieldCo selldowns? And just broadly speaking, your ownership of this versus perhaps, in someone else's hands who might value this at a different level?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: We've had a lot of discussions in the past about YieldCo. I'm saying we have nothing philosophically against them. We really haven't seen that we could at this stage of the game sort of carve out assets that would make sense because we -- lot of our PPAs in the U.S. and other markets are highly levered and have a lot of nonrecourse debt on them. So again, at this stage of the game, it's a little early. But again, we don't have anything philosophically against something like a YieldCo. And in fact, we have done, what we've done at Gener and what we've done at some of the other ones. But if you're saying sort of spin it off to somebody else for them to do YieldCo -- that's not sort of in the cards.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. All right. And then just -- let me just clarify little bit of what your response on prior question was. When you assume normal hydrology in 2015, that's a transition to normal hydrology, I imagine, right? And to the extent to which that it would be a transition, is there an incremental benefit as you think about this going from '15 to '16 or even '17, right? I mean, how much of a multiyear process is this in normalization?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: It's going to be a -- I mean, it's going to be a benefit. As you become normal -- I think what we mean by normal has to do -- within, let's say, one standard deviation in terms of getting it back on track and we really had sort of 2 outlier years. So I guess the -- if I understand your question, what we're saying is that we're not predicting a continuation of the sort of drought conditions and we're not using in our numbers any sort of rationing in the case of Brazil. And what we're seeing in Panama and Colombia is a return to, say, normal hydrology. I don't know, Tom, you want to add something?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, I just say, Julien, in terms of transitioning into '16, we'll certainly -- once our contract, long-term contract, Eletropaulo, ends at the end of '15, we have the ability to manage our hydro risk through hedging ratios. So we've shown in the past we're kind of in the low 80s in terms of percentage of our shared energy that we have sold for '16. We'll certainly -- we may creep up somewhat, but we will be certainly at lower levels to provide ourselves the comfort that if there is poor hydrology in '16, we have set ourselves up so we don't have hydro risk.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. And then lastly, could you elaborate a little bit on the legislative changes you need for the end of this year around the tax extenders?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: The CFC look-through rules -- I mean, those have -- in the past, they've been, say, renewed -- at sort of the 12th hour at the end of the year as part of larger packages. So everything that we're seeing is, we feel that it's very, very likely that they'll be extended this year once again, as part of an extender package at the end of the year. So as Tom said that -- because of this year, we -- the impact would be minimal. And in '15, there could be more of an impact, but we'll also take measures as we have in the past should it not be extended.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And I apologize if this is a naive question. Tipper [ph], CFC tipper [ph] -- is that all related? I know we used to talk about that, but just want to bring it up.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: The answer is yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill of Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 quick follow-ups or clarifications. On the look-through provision, just to clarify. Is that a new view that you've had as a result of some changes in Congress? Or was it your expectation all along that, that would be extended?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: No. I mean, this is not a change -- this has always been our view all along. I would like to emphasize that even in the unlikely case that we're not extended, this is not cash, as Tom mentioned. I mean, we have $3 billion of NOLs. So yes, this would affect our adjusted EPS, but not our cash.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then I think you commented that '17, '18, you've got some offsets that you put in place to help you. DPL, I think is one of them that you called out and -- so just curious as to what that is specifically.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Gregg, the DPL improvement would be a combination of darks as well as some value for the PJM premium capacity product. We're obviously watching that closely, still some moving parts in that, but we believe that if gets implemented in something near its current form that could be some good value for us also.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin of Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but on the California contracts, can you give a breakdown of that $1.9 billion between the CCGT and the energy storage assets?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I think, let us get back to you on that one.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: The vast bulk of it is in CCGT.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. That's what I would have assumed, but just to get a little bit more color on that would be helpful. And if anything, I can follow-up with you at EEI.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's fine, Brian. We just want to make sure we're disclosing things that are consistent with the provisions of our bid process.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Understood. Secondly, you mentioned in one of the earlier slides that Supreme Court of India decision on OPGC and the coal allocations. Could you just give a little bit more color on what exactly happened there and why did it happen the way it did?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Sure. Going back some time, I guess, about -- probably about 2 years ago, it started with an issue with the coal allocation, then there was a scandal in India called Coalgate. And really it was that people had received coal allocations and then flipped them for significant gains. So that, let's say, started the issue. We weren't, quite frankly, involved at all of this because we had received our allocation and our partner is the state government of Odisha. So we had our coal allocation and we were proceeding with the project. Then the Supreme Court did something that, which they had done in telecom spectrum, which was, really, to say that all prior allocations were invalid because the process was not, say, sufficiently transparent. And this was very politically successful in India. So really what they did was come out with a very similar decision regarding coal, basically saying that the coal allocation process was flawed and, therefore, the allocations were null and void. And this covered people from, who actually were currently operating plants, to people like ourselves who had future plans. It covered state governments. It covered JVs like us and it covered private companies. Then the decision actually came out that said, it did not apply to federal companies, but it includes state companies. Then subsequently, they came out with a decree saying that state government companies' allocations were also valid. So in our case, we're in sort of the gray zone because we're a JV and it's a state government of Odisha. So the good thing is we have been -- of this whole process, we've been extremely transparent and we think that the state government may get the coal allocation. From perspective of an investor in AES, even if we don't get the coal allocation -- we'd prefer it. It does help modestly on the returns and it helps us to assure the quality of the coal that we would be receiving. But even if it doesn't go forward, this is still a good project because this is located right next to OPGC I, and we have all the line permits for developing a -- and it's under construction, a 1,300 megawatt coal plant. So if it's a question of receiving coal from Coal India, as we currently do for the existing plant, again, it's still a good project. But we will of course prefer to have this -- more control over it with the coal allocation. So it's not a positive, but it's not something that, say, threatens the viability of the project.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess one follow-up question on this. With that decision causing a reallocation of coal, have coal prices in India been jumping up as different parties try to sign or renegotiate contracts?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: No. And it has not. Basically, what's happened is they have granted a temporary license to those who've had coal allocations that were operating and the rest were very much future projects. But I think people expect the coal to be used one way or another. So in essence, Odisha, our OPGC II project is pretty close to sort of a mine mouth type project. So it's very well situated. There's a shortage and we have a good contract for the offtake. So it's caused more noise, we think, than anything.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then one last question for me. I realize I've asked a few here. You guys gave out '15 and '16 guidance a quarter earlier than expected. And one of the factors that drove that decision was some of the volatility in macro factors. Could you give us a sense of how much you're hedged with regards to currency exposure in '15 and '16?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. We've got some sensitivities in the back, Brian, of our deck. But we generally hedge about 6 to 12 months forward in Brazil and about a year forward in other currencies. So, yes, some exposure in '15, a little the more in '16, but there's a page in the back of the deck.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: If you're referring to Slide 49, that's '15. How should we think about those sensitivities in '16? Maybe like 25%, 30% more sensitivity in '16?
Ahmed Pasha: No, I think -- Brian, this is Ahmed. I think you should look at it because that's why we provided it on open basis. So even if you assume it's all open, so it's $0.04 versus $0.035. So it's not as significant.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I had a bigger picture question. So you operate in the industry that is valued based on earnings. You have a very complex portfolio. Every time, there are factors you clearly cannot control and they're moving earnings around. Now the cash flow generation of your business is undeniable and you keep trading at a higher and higher cash flow. I mean, why not just use the cash that you are getting from asset divestitures and from your operating assets to buy back stock in very large quantities and thus, help the -- your share price? I mean, it's hard for me to believe that the investment of the cash that you're getting in any asset would actually render higher returns than actually buying back the stock.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: We have bought back, as we said, by the end of this year, close to $1 billion. And we think at a good price and we have sold down, I think, very well. I mean, if you actually look at our selldowns that we've done, our timing was very good in terms of when we disposed of the assets. So you raise a valid point, and we do look at that very closely. If you do -- our new projects do have ROEs that are higher than buying back our stocks. Now, there is a time inconsistency because the effect of buying back our stock today is much -- of course, is immediate versus having to invest 3 to 4 years. But we do look at that, Angie. And that's a very good question and we have to keep ourselves to that standard.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Simply put, even if you really reinvest the money at the return that you're saying, and you really get to that eventual 8% growth in earnings, given the data that is associated with that growth, I don't think that you will ever be fully paid a high multiple for that growth, right? As opposed to the free cash flow yield that the stock currently generates and the cash that could be used to really significantly reduce the share count? I mean, it's -- I know that you're trying to maximize the shareholder value, but it's really hard to believe that a buyback at this level wouldn't be more value-creating than any investment at 15%-plus ROE.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, we do look at it. We do sort of NPVs on this, but we can discuss that more off-line. I think it's a very good question that you raise and we do look at sort of the big pictures. And we know we will be generating more cash, faster cash growth for fundamental reasons. One is that we do have the NOLs and our tax rate has gone up from 2013 to today by 10 points. So that's a big jump. But it doesn't have any impact on us. The other one is Mong Duong and other -- some of our projects will be generating a lot more cash, but we have to even out the earnings, due to the accounting rules. But I would say that the -- what is important, and that's why we stressed it on this call. If you look at us, we've had significant jumps in our revenues and in our earnings. We have to have new assets come online because we have them contracted. And if you look at this year, 2014, we only have -- we have less than 300 megawatts coming online. If you look at next year, it's much, much higher. And you look at the next year. So when we talk about this growth, it is occurring from tangible projects that we have on hand. But thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman of Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Did you guys want to take one more question? I thought you weren't.
Ahmed Pasha: Sorry, Charles, can we -- you can call me on my landline.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I'll tell you what, I'll save it for EEI.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay, that sounds better. Okay. Good. We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thanks and have a nice day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Strategy & Investment Committee Thomas M. O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andrew Martin Vesey - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pasha, you may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Elan. Good morning, and welcome to the second quarter 2014 earnings call for The AES Corporation. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andres. Andres?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. Today I will provide a brief update on our second quarter results and our progress on executing our strategic plan. Turning to Slide 4. Our second quarter results were $0.28 of adjusted earnings per share, which keeps us in line to achieve the low end of our guidance range on EPS despite the continuation of the drought in Brazil and Panama. Tom will provide more details on our results today and our year-to-go forecast, but a major driver of lower earnings in the second quarter was a much higher tax rate, which we expect will normalize on a full year basis. Similarly, while our cash flow results to date are significantly below last year's, this is largely due to timing issues at our utility. And we continue to expect to achieve our full year guidance. Now turning to the progress we are making on executing our strategic plan. I am pleased with our results to date. As you can see on Slide 5, the main objectives we set out almost 3 years ago were: first, exiting those markets where we do not have a competitive advantage; second, focusing our growth on platform expansions; and third, reducing our overhead. Since then, we've added a fourth objective, to expand our access to capital through partnerships at the project and business level. Taking one objective at a time, turning to Slide 6 and the simplification of our portfolio. In the second quarter, we announced and closed 2 new asset sale transactions. First, we brought in a minority partner for 41% of our Masinloc business in the Philippines. Second, we announced the sale of a majority of our solar business, Silver Ridge, which was not yielding adequate risk-adjusted returns on our invested capital. These 2 new transactions together represent $631 million of proceeds, implying a P/E multiple of more than 14 from these businesses and in line with our expectation of achieving $500 million to $700 million in asset sale proceeds in 2014 and 2015. Since we began the simplification of our portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2011, we have received $2 billion in asset sale proceeds, which we have used to pay down 20% of our recourse debt, buy back 8% of our stock and invest in platform expansions. Going forward, we expect to raise $500 million in additional proceeds by December 2015, by selling all or part of our interests in certain businesses in markets where we want to exit, decrease our exposure or reinvest our capital in platform expansions. What we seek to do is optimize our portfolio by geography, technology and fuel source. Turning to Slide 7. With regard to our focus on platform expansions, which provide us with a path for growth with higher risk-adjusted returns. We now have 4,500 megawatts of new capacity and 2,400 megawatts of environmental upgrades under construction. Most of these projects are either under long-term contracts or will earn utility-like returns. This is the greatest number of megawatts under construction ever in AES' 33-year history. As you can see on Slide 8, we've achieved commercial operations on time and on budget at the 247 megawatt IPP4 power plant in Jordan, which has a long-term contract with a state-owned utility. We also recently broke ground on 3 new platform expansion projects in the second quarter totaling 702 megawatts in the U.S. and Chile. The 671 megawatt Eagle Valley CCGT at IPL will not only help us diversify the fuel mix at the utility, but will also earn attractive regulated returns beginning during construction. This investment, combined with the mass upgrade currently underway, will result in a 50% increase in IPL's rate base. We see additional investment opportunities at IPL, which will help further grow the earnings power of this utility. In Northern Chile in the Atacama Desert, which has some of the best solar irradiation in the world, we recently broke ground on a 21 megawatt solar project with a long-term PPA with a local mine. Including this project under construction, we are developing a total of 220 megawatts of solar capacity next to our existing Los Andes substation. The entire capacity has environmental approval and will be developed in stages. Turning to Slide 9. The investment in our construction program will be mostly funded through nonrecourse debt and by our partners on various projects. Our total equity contribution in these projects is approximately $1.5 billion, of which we've already funded more than $1 billion and expect to invest the remaining $450 million, largely in 2015 and 2016. We expect a 16% cash return and a 15% ROE on these investments, which will be an important driver of earnings and cash flow growth over the next few years. Furthermore, we're making progress on our advanced pipeline of development projects, including platform expansions, adjacencies and enhancements and select platform expansion acquisitions. These opportunities represent a pipeline of more than 5,000 megawatts in our core markets. Turning to Slide 10. We have significant brownfield potential at our Southland gas-fired facilities in Southern California. We're moving through the permitting process and pursuing long-term PPAs and commercial arrangements. Furthermore, our energy storage solution and site locations position us well to help meet Californian's mandate for at least 1,325 megawatts of energy storage. Turning to Slide 11. As we discussed in our last call, we are closing the cycle at our 236 megawatt DPP plant in the Dominican Republic, increasing its capacity by 122 megawatts. We recently signed a 6-year PPA with the state-owned utility and selected an EPC contractor. We are working on financing and expect to begin construction later this year with commercial operations in mid-2016. This 260 megawatt enhancement will be mostly funded with debt capacity in the Dominican Republic. Moving to Slide 12. Another market where we're looking at growth opportunities is Mexico. We've been in Mexico for almost 15 years and currently own 3 power plants, making us one of the largest independent power producers in the country. Mexico is a big market, and more importantly, has the potential to increase its installed capacity by more than 25,000 megawatts in the next 5 to 7 years through recently proposed reforms to the energy laws. Now on to Asia beginning on Slide 13. As you may know, the Philippines is currently experiencing power shortages as growing demand continues to exceed existing supply. We already have all the necessary permits for the 600 megawatt Masinloc expansion, and we're working to secure EPC and power offtake agreements. We're also developing up to 200-megawatts of energy storage projects to meet ancillary service requirements and peak demand needs for the system. Turning to Slide 14. In Vietnam, construction of our 1,240-megawatt Mong Duong project is progressing well. We recently synchronized to the national grid and achieved full load on unit 1 of 560 megawatts. We expect to achieve full commercial operations on time during the second half of 2015. In its first full year of operations, we expect Mong Duong to contribute $100 million in proportional free cash flow. In addition to our Mong Duong facility, we're assessing further growth opportunities in Vietnam, including both greenfield and privatization of government-owned generation plants. Turning to Slide 15. A significant development that aids the execution of our strategy is our ability to incorporate financial partners at the project and business level. Since we started this initiative 2 years ago, we have closed about $2 billion in equity from partners. Bringing in partners at the project level enables us to optimize our portfolio by tailoring our equity commitments to specific projects managing our aggregate risk profile at the corporate level and improving our returns through promotes and management fees. It also gives us a mechanism to demonstrate the value of our assets in markets where there are few or no listed comps. Some recent examples of these are Guacolda in Chile where we brought in a partner to invest $728 million for a 50% stake in the business; and Masinloc in the Philippines where EGCO, a Thai company, invested $453 million for a 41% stake. Now addressing our third objective on Slide 16, reducing our global overhead to become the low-cost manager of a portfolio of assets. We are well on our way. We're on track to realize our goal of reducing global overhead by $200 million by 2015. From 2011 to 2013, we reduced our global overhead by $143 million, and we expect to achieve an additional $57 million over the next 1.5 years. I'm pleased to report that we have accelerated our savings profile and now expect to realize about 70% or $40 million in savings this year, leaving only $17 million to be achieved in 2015. We're accomplishing these reductions through process improvements and global standardization across our corporate support functions. Therefore, in terms of executing on our strategic plan to increase shareholder value by creating a more streamlined and focused company, which takes advantage of its footprint in attractive markets to pursue high-return projects, I would say we are continuing to make very good progress. Nonetheless, we're facing some short-term challenges in a few of our markets. Moving to Slide 17. This is the second year of drought in Latin America, which has significantly affected our results in Panama and Brazil. As we discussed on our last call, we continue to project an earnings impact of $0.07 to $0.10 in 2014. Turning to Slide 18 in Brazil where we continue to see tight demand and supply conditions having a positive impact on forward power prices, which are now BRL 180 to BRL 210 per megawatt hour for 2016. As you may know, this is about the same price of Tietê's existing contract that expires in 2015 and is almost 50% higher than the price we assumed in our expectations for 2016. 3/4 of Tietê's capacity for 2016 is contracted for 2016 at BRL 125 per megawatt hour. And with today's forward curves, we see $0.01 to $0.02 upside for adjusted EPS in 2016 relative to our expectations. Beyond 2016, on an unhedged basis, every BRL 10 improvement in power prices translates into $0.01 of adjusted EPS for AES. Turning to Slide 19, I will discuss developments at Maritza, our coal-fired power plant in Bulgaria. In June, the Bulgarian energy regulator took certain actions concerning Maritza's PPA. The regulator announced that it had requested the Director General for Competition of the European Commission to scrutinize the PPA under European state aid rules. While the Director General has not contacted us on this matter, Maritza will defend the PPA in any assessment or proceedings initiated in response to this request. Additionally, as we've discussed in the past, the energy regulator has instructed NEK, the state-owned utility that is the offtaker under our contract, to initiate negotiations on the terms of the PPA in order to lower its payments. We have had several discussions with NEK and various government authorities concerning the regulator's actions. Maritza continues to be engaged in resolving this matter, as well as in the recovery of our outstanding receivables. In fact, last week, Maritza signed an agreement to settle $45 million of its outstanding receivables that are more than 90 days overdue from NEK. In that deal, NEK agreed to assume $17 million representing all of Maritza's outstanding obligations to its fuel supplier and restructured the additional amount over 4 months. As of July 31, Maritza had $206 million of receivables due from NEK with $47 million not yet due and $69 million overdue for more than 90 days. As far as the resolution of these issues, it is likely that any action will be deferred until the new government is elected in October. Maritza contributes roughly 7% of our PTC. And while the situation is challenging, Maritza's objective is to preserve the value of the business through a negotiated agreement of our seeking to reinforce its rights. Our guidance is based on maintaining the value of our existing contract. Next turning to Slide 20. Although we have not been negatively affected by the Argentine government's selected defaults, we continue to closely monitor the situation. In Argentina, where we generate about 3% of our PTC, we have a competitive fleet of 3,000 megawatts of generation capacity, which is an important source of reliable generation in the country. Additionally, we have taken steps to dollarize our accounts receivables in Argentina. Although we have factored a devaluation of the Argentine peso into our forecast, an extreme devaluation could have negative impacts on our results. And finally, turning to the situation in Puerto Rico where our 524 megawatt coal-fired plant has a long-term contract with PREPA, a government-owned utility. As you may know, the rating agencies lowered the rating on the commonwealth and its corporations. AES Puerto Rico contributes about 2% of our PTC. PREPA is facing business and liquidity challenges primarily driven by the weak economy, along with other state-owned companies and has a high cost oil-fired generation fleet that serves 70% of the commonwealth's energy needs. We believe that our existing contract is advantageous to PREPA, particularly considering that our plant saves PREPA an estimated $250 million per year. These are some of the key areas that we're keeping a close eye on. Having said that, we have taken actions and will continue to do so in order to mitigate any risks. In the longer term, we're addressing our exposure through selective asset sell-downs and rebalancing our fuel mix through platform expansions to create an even more robust company. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom, who will provide more details on our financial results in the second quarter and year-to-date, as well as our year-to-go forecast.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thanks, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll go through our second quarter results including adjusted EPS, adjusted PTC by strategic business unit or SBU, proportional free cash flow, the 2014 capital allocation plan, and finally, our 2014 guidance. Beginning on Slide 22. This quarter, we benefited from higher pretax contributions from our businesses and also our capital allocation impacts. However, the tax rate in the second quarter was higher than last year and above our full year 2014 expectations. We finished the quarter with adjusted EPS of $0.28 a share and expect to achieve adjusted EPS in the low end of our guidance range. Improvements in our businesses in the U.S., Andes, Brazil and also in Mexico, Central America and Caribbean SBUs together contributed an increase of $0.02, including a lower adverse impact from hydrology versus last year. Partially offsetting these improvements, outages in our Europe, Middle East and Africa and Asia SBUs reduced results by $0.02. Like last year, we recognized benefits from some discrete items, the net effect of which was a positive $0.02. We also benefited from investing in our balance sheet, which added $0.02 to the bottom line. This was driven by 2 factors: First, our share count was down by 3%; and second, in May of 2013, we prepaid $300 million of parent debt and refinanced $750 million, which resulted in annual interest expense reduction of $50 million. Our tax rate was 40% this quarter, higher than last year's second quarter's unusually low rate of 11% producing a negative impact of $0.11. This breaks down into $0.07 related to the expected return to a normalized rate of about 30% to 32% and $0.04 due to interim timing impacts. Before I go into the businesses, I'd like to touch on some developments at DPL on Slide 23. The commission has ruled on all pending matters in the ESP case and extended the generation separation deadline by 12 months to January 2017. Regarding generation separation, based on the PUCO staff's recent comments, we believe we are close to a consensus with the staff on material terms of separation. We expect a commission decision in the third quarter. As you may know, we ran a process to consider selling DPL generation. Although the sale would have been accretive this year, and we received reasonable bids. The offers were not attractive relative to the long-term value to AES. We therefore decided not to sell. Selling the generation would have left the remaining business with a significant amount of debt. At the same time, this high debt level increases our leverage to improvements in the energy market. The following factors contributed to our decision: first, movements in power prices as witnessed in the first half of this year create a more positive outlook. I appreciate these curves would come off their May peaks, however, the market is still higher than what we were projecting at the start of the year. Second, we saw an improvement in PJM RPM prices which doubled, albeit from low level at the last auction and outstanding proposals to provide additional improvement. Third, we are implementing a plan to further improve the operations of the business, particularly related to improved plant performance. And fourth, we'll continue to optimize our positions through our multiyear commercial hedging strategy. Overall through 2016 when the ESP expires, DPL is expected to generate annual EBITDA of about $350 million, of which about $80 million to $100 million is attributable to the generation business with the rest coming from the T&D business and the non-bypassable payments under the current ESP. Based on current forwards, DPL is projected to generate $100 million in free cash flow annually. And our plan is to use any excess cash to repay debt, which is currently $2.3 billion. We provided addition details on hedging and debt maturity profiles of DPL in the appendix. Bottom line is that DPL's generation business was projected to be dilutive over the next several years. However, based on the current market, this business is earnings neutral and has earnings upside potential if we're successful in capturing the market and operating improvements that I just discussed. Now to Slide 24, I'll discuss each of our SBUs, focusing on adjusted PTC or PTC. In the U.S., we reported an increase of $17 million of PTC. This was largely driven by the synchronous condensers at Southland and a new 40 megawatt energy storage resource in Ohio. In our Andes SBU, PTC was up $16 million. We benefited from a higher tariff at AES Argentina and lower maintenance costs and lower FX losses in Chile. In Brazil, PTC increased $37 million for the quarter. This includes a $47 million benefit at Sul from a reversal of a prior interest expense. This compares to a $24 million reversal of a liability at Uruguaiana in the second quarter of last year. Excluding these onetime items, PTC increased by $14 million as we benefited from higher contributions at Uruguaiana and Sul. Moving to Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, PTC declined $9 million. We benefited from the steps that were taken to offset the adverse hydro conditions in Panama, including payment from the government under the negotiated agreement to compensate for exposure to high spot prices of up to $40 million this year and $100 million total from 2014 to 2016. Turning to Europe, Middle East and Africa on Slide 25. PTC was essentially flat versus last year. This performance was largely driven by scheduled outages in Bulgaria that were offset by higher operating performance at Kilroot in U.K. and a reversal of a liability in Kazakhstan. Finally to Asia, where PTC declined by $17 million. Although we were anticipating a decline, our operations in the Philippines were adversely affected by forced outages in the second quarter with an impact of $13 million. These outages are the result of issues in the boiler, which have been resolved and the units were returned to service in July. In addition, we used these outages to complete some maintenance we had planned for next year. So to summarize, as shown on Slide 26, our total year-to-date adjusted PTC is roughly $583 million or 43% of the midpoint of our expectations. For comparison, last year, we earned 46% of our full year PTC in the first half. Our year-to-date effective tax rate was 36%. We expect a lower rate during the second half of the year that will bring our full year tax rate down to about 30% to 32%. Beyond this year, we continue to expect a low to mid-30% tax rate. Now to cash flow on Slide 27, we generated $47 million of proportional free cash flow in the second quarter, which was impacted by working capital requirements at our utilities in Brazil. This brings our year-to-date proportional free cash flow to $176 million versus $526 million in the first 6 months of '13. We recognize that this year is significantly lower than last year as we've had a $300 million swing at our utilities in the U.S. and Brazil driven primarily by working capital requirements. Specifically, in Brazil as we discussed on our last call, the system operators dispatching thermal generation to preserve reservoir levels causing higher spot prices. These higher spot prices do not affect our utility earnings due to the passive nature of energy purchases. However, there is an adverse impact on working capital as there was a lag due to the periodic tariff adjustments approved on an annual basis. Our guidance assumes that during the second half of the year, our utilities in Brazil will benefit from the recently approved annual tariff adjustments, as well as the pending government support mechanisms. In the U.S., during the first half of the year, cash flow at DPL and IPL were affected by higher working capital requirements, outages at DPL and upfront funding of annual pension contributions at IPL. Working capital requirements at our U.S. utilities were driven by high receivables from our regulated customers as a result of higher fuel prices and energy purchases during the cold weather in the first quarter. Our guidance assumes that both companies will recover these investments through fuel and energy cost regulatory mechanisms during the second half of the year. To summarize, with our year-to-date performance, we expect to generate almost $1 billion in proportional free cash flow during the second half of this year versus $745 million generated in the second half of last year. We do have seasonality in our cash flow. Last year, the second half represented 59% of our proportional free cash flow. This year, in addition to the seasonality factor in the second half, we expect to recover the significant short-term working capital drag that I just discussed. In fact, our utilities in the U.S. and Brazil should contribute about $400 million in the second half of the year versus negative $100 million in the first half. We believe proportional free cash flow is one of our key value drivers. We continue to believe that we'll generate $1 billion to $1.3 billion this year, and we're very focused on our businesses having a strong second half to achieve this goal. Now to Slide 28 in our capital allocation plan for the year. During the quarter, we refinanced a $770 million senior secured term loan with an unsecured floating rate note, increasing our available first-lien debt capacity by 50% to $2.2 billion and reducing our interest expense. When taking into account the recently announced solar and Philippines transactions, we project roughly $1.5 billion of discretionary cash, including about $800 million of cash from announced asset sales as well as parent-free cash flow, which we expect to be $500 million. We've allocated about $275 million this year for investment in a portion of our equity commitments for projects under construction, primarily platform expansions. We used roughly $500 million to $600 million of the excess cash for debt reduction, including the $320 million that we recently called and the $140 million prepaid earlier this year. About half the targeted debt reduction this year relates to our policy of using part of the proceeds from asset sales to maintain credit neutrality. The remaining half was discretionary in an effort to accelerate our credit improvement and reduce financial risks, consistent with our previously stated balanced capital allocation strategy. Since our first quarter call in May, we've invested $47 million in our shares. This brings our overall investment in share repurchases to $758 million since September of 2011, reducing our share count by 8%. After $145 million of dividends to shareholders and a target closing cash balance of $100 million, we're projecting $300 million to $500 million of discretionary cash to be allocated this year, plus any additional asset sales would increase the amount available. In the first half of the year, our allocation of capital to share repurchases has been modest, as we've been more focused on reducing our debt and making investments, that will earn attractive returns and generate growth in our earnings and cash flow. Over the past 2 years, however, we've been returning approximately $400 million per year on average to shareholders, including dividends and repurchases. This year, we anticipate returning at least $300 million as we expect to repurchase more shares in the second half. The bottom line is that we'll continue to be disciplined and invest our cash to maximize risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders on a per-share basis. Now to Slide 29. We are reaffirming our guidance that we expect to be in the low end of our adjusted EPS range of $1.30 to $1.38. In the first quarter call when we updated our guidance, we discussed several items that we expect that will help us to mitigate the $0.07 to $0.10 impact of hydrology. One of these offsets was an expectation of the benefits from selling DPL's generation business and removing it from continuing operations this year. Although we decided to retain this business, and therefore, will not have that benefit this year, the Sul reversal that I talked about earlier, which was not in our original guidance, allows us to stay within the low end of our guidance range. With that, I'll now turn it back over to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. In summary, although we're facing some short-term headwinds, we're taking concrete steps to lower our portfolio risks and increase per-share value. Since we set out our strategy in September 2011, we're on target to reduce our global overhead by $200 million by next year, and we are focusing on additional O&M cost reductions. We raised $2 billion in asset sale proceeds. We paid down 20% of our parent debt; invested $758 million in our shares, reducing our share count by 8%; and we are selectively investing in platform expansion opportunities that yield attractive risk-adjusted returns. Through these actions, we've laid a solid foundation and remain committed to investing our excess cash flow to grow our earnings and free cash flow per share, resulting in proportional free cash flow growth of 10% to 15% per year and a total return to shareholders of 8% to 10% by 2017. Now, I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Ali Agha.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just following-up on a few of the topics, first off on the capital allocation front. So if I looked at on the slide, this quarter versus last quarter, it appears you've paid down about an another $390 odd million of debt or plan to do that in terms of -- in terms of that bucket. What are the earnings implications of that, or have those been factored in from that incremental debt reduction?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, those are factored in, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So is it fair to say the asset sale proceeds, the earnings going away from asset sales are being offset by the lower interest. Is that the way to think about that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, I would say partially, yes.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then with regards to the unallocated bucket, and I know, Tom, you alluded to the fact you will be buying more shares in the second half, given that roughly 300 million or so number. Is there a thought of getting even more aggressive on the buyback given where the stock is, Andres? I mean just your thoughts on that, as you're investing in new projects versus buybacks looking at the valuations, how are you thinking about potentially getting even more aggressive on buybacks?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's a very good question, Ali. When we're looking at the investments that we're making, as I've said in the past, we compete that -- those against share buybacks. So obviously, when you look at the returns that we're projecting, 16% cash returns and a 15% ROE, we think that those are superior to what we're getting back from buybacks. So we're taking a balanced approach. We're saying that -- we said last time that we would buy back shares. We're doing that. Do realize that the cash that we received from these asset sales was also quite recent. We only received it, say, in the last month. But I think we're doing exactly what we said that we would do that we would buy back shares. But we'd also complete the new projects. And so obviously, if we're doing these new projects it's because we feel that those are the projects that maximize our shareholder value over time.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And then Andres, just coming back to DPL for a second. So the merchant, as you said, the pricing you thought was not good, so you pulled back on that sale. So should we view these assets now as core holdings and that sale is completely off the table? And related to that, as you know Duke is going through the similar process, and you do have joint ownership with them on a bunch of your plants. Would you look to participate through that joint ownership in the Duke process?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: You're right, Ali, one of the factors and one of the reasons we proceeded to go out and get a market read on these assets were that some of our partners were out there selling. And obviously, that will have an impact on these assets. It depends on who buys them, how they will be running these operations. So we will continue to closely monitor that process and see what ways we can continue to increase value there. I mean, as you know, we have a program to get more out of these plants from a performance point of view. Maybe Andy would like to just comment on some of the things we're doing there.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Thanks, Andres. We -- in keeping the plants, we have a few things that we're focusing it on, and I'll just talk to the 3. Obviously, we continue our cost reduction program. We've already achieved about $65 million in O&M reductions to date, which is currently in our forecast. We're also looking at 2 other things. One is reliability and improvements at the major stations. For our fleet at DPL, every 1% increase in -- decrease in E4 [ph] gives us about approximately $2 million of adjusted PTC. And also heat rate, which again on a fleet basis, every 1% improvement in heat rate gives us about $3 million to us. So we're focused on both of those programs. We have a lot of experience there, and we should start to see those improvement results in 2015. And lastly, one of the lessons we took away from last year's polar vortex was we really had to refocus on our commercial strategy in working with our risk flow. The operating people are trying to increase operational flexibility by improving the ability to turn down and be much more responsive to markets. So those 3 things we're going to pursue much more aggressively now. And we think we'll start to see the benefit of that in the 2015 timeframe.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: To sort of close the topic, also some of our other firms in Ohio are looking at, for example, PPAs and other things. so we're monitoring those things. And we took a decision based that we thought there was more upside at that price than selling it. It would have been a -- I think it shows our discipline in terms of executing on our strategy. I think all of our asset sales, we've executed quite well and really tried to get value from those assets. Even though sometimes we could have done things faster, I think we would have left some money on the table.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first question here, could you reconcile a little bit what the assumptions are baked into your long-term growth rates? Specifically, I noticed you talk about a higher growth rate in '17, '18. What's embedded in there from both the DPL perspective as well as the hydro and recontracting perspective in Brazil?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I'm going to pass this question off to Tom. But I think that the basic assumptions -- what I can say in terms of the longer forecast -- I mean this is based on the projects that we have under construction today. A big factor is Mong Duong coming online next year, which will produce a lot of cash. We also have Alto Maipo. We have these 4,500 megawatts, which we're constructing. And in terms of the hydro in Brazil, we do assume a return to normal, but we are looking at higher contract prices.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Tom, were you going to add something?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. Sorry, Julien. So the 5-year forecast, we look at it on an annual basis. That's when we talked in our year end call, we laid out. And that was based upon market assumptions at that time. So those were PJM forwards at that time and also Brazil numbers that were around, more like 115 at that time. So as we sit here today, DPL's probably up a couple of cents. And as Andres went through Tietê, we'll probably be up a penny or 2 based upon the forward curves as we see them today. I think that said, we're reluctant to update 5-year guidance on a piece-by-piece basis. But just in isolation, those 2 things would be tailwinds for us. We would plan to give a wholesome 5 year update at the same time next year, which is in Feb when we announce our year end earnings.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And can you just reconcile a little bit on DPL. I think I heard you saying that it generates, perhaps, breakeven or even negative EPS prospectively. When would you think about next reevaluating this business? Is this really about waiting it out in terms of maturity and seeing what happens in terms of the market, or is it something else?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I think Julien, getting back to sort of our decision, this year it would have been accretive to sell DPL, as Tom pointed out in our last earnings call and mentioned today again. We think given current forward curves that it will be neutral to slightly accretive to have kept it going forward. Now in terms of -- we are always evaluating all of our businesses and updating it. But what I would say is that, as Tom mentioned in his speech, we're thinking about things very much in the portfolio and in terms of looking what's our aggregated risk at the corporate level. And so here, we're saying that basically, given the various factors that are happening in Ohio and the forward curves, we think there's potential upside from having kept Ohio. Of course, we have to always revalue our decisions over time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'll move on. On the D -- sorry, on the share repurchase side of the equation, when you're thinking about allocating the rest of the to-be-allocated capital on that pie chart, at what point in time could we see a potential revision in share repurchase? I know it's a little bit re-asking the last question, but I just want to be a little clearer about this.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What I would say, Julien, is that again, we've said that we would buy shares at these prices, and we are doing so. And I don't think that at this stage, we have a number of interesting projects. And we also have the opportunity to pay down debt, which we've announced. I think we've -- Tom stated that we wanted to be a solid BB, and we're keeping our credit metrics within that range. So we'll maintain that balanced capital allocation, say, philosophy going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then could you talk a little bit about the expansions here? Again kind of with respect to the guidance there, I assume this isn't in there. But the Dominican Republic expansion, how much does that contribute in EPS? And then also Mexico, given increasing competitive pressures, I mean is this something that is attractive to you? How are you thinking about your own participation, and how soon could that come?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. I'd say let's take first the Dominican Republic. This is in our forecast in terms of -- so we expect this to come online mid-2016. So this is in our forecast. This is an attractive project. We have a very good portfolio there in the Dominican Republic. I would say that in terms of Mexico, we have a great brand name there. We have a very good brand name because of the turnaround that we did on 2 pet coke plants. They're [indiscernible] and Tietê. And our offtakers were Grupo Penoles and CEMEX . And so we have a good brand name. People want us to build more plants there and would like to be our offtaker. We have some potential projects. We have to see if those pan out. But I think that the -- it's an attractive market for us. We've done well there. I think it's a market very correlated, let's say, with U.S. risk, in terms of the economy itself. So we're well positioned. We're looking at the opportunities. And let's see if some of these projects are concrete, and we can announce them.
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Turnure.
Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Could you give us a little bit more color on the drivers of the increase in solar power prices in Brazil? And then give us some color as well on how you're thinking about contracting going forward? We see the slide today that shows where you are now, but has that changed? Have you been more aggressive given the power price increase, et cetera?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What's interesting in the case of Brazil -- I mean what is driving it? You had medida provisória, MP 579, which let's say, reduced some of the concession life. Some of the company did not renew their concessions on some of the generation assets. And there was somewhat of a slowdown in new construction. Because of that, there's also been a delay on some of the mega hydros on the tributaries of the Amazon. So put that all together, I think that's partly what's driving the higher prices. There's also been the drought in Brazil. But really, when you’re talking '16 onwards, I think it's -- the bigger effect is MP 579. Our strategy was when we had the sort of, cliff falling off in our contract. We actually took a conservative approach and didn't contact everything right away. Had we done so, we would have re-contracted at the then going price of 95 to 100. We thought that it was likely the market would get tighter, of course, based on our conditions. So -- and that has come true. So I think that in terms of our contracting strategy going forward, we're going to continue to take advantage, let's say, of these higher prices and contract more. But it's a little bit sort of a rolling average. So as you go out over time, we're less contracted. It's also you can't get that many long-term contracts in Brazil. It's going to be these sort of 2 to 3-year contracts.
Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is there any chance that 2 consecutive years of dry hydrology have actually impacted the outer years at all, even though that's, by definition, a short-term phenomenon?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I don't think so. I really don't think so because I think that everybody expects the droughts to reverse and enter more into a normal cycle of El Niño and La Niña-type phenomena.
Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My second question is on cash flows in the back half of the year. Could you just walk us through how the Eletropaulo kind of true-up works with the regulators there, or with the government subsidy or help plan that they give you? And then kind of how much of a percentage of what you have to make up for in the back half of the year that actually equates to for overall AES?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I'm going to ask Tom to take this question. But basically, the essence is that in both cases, we have higher energy prices that first, we have to pay for the energy and then we bill clients.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, so it's really 2 things. There's tariff adjustments. Both Eletropaulo and Sul have had major tariff adjustments that would capture some of the shorter-term costs, such as purchase power, which is the largest one. And then also there's been a government funding mechanism by the regulator that provides, I think, about $1.2 billion to collectively EP and Sul that allows some direct payment of those higher cost power payments. For us, the big swing factor is Sul. Eletropaulo, we only own 16% of it. It's a more modest amount. But of the $400 million swing that I talked about, of all the utilities, which is down 100 -- or $500 million swing, I'm sorry, down $100 million to plus $400 million from first half to second half, a, about 70% of that is coming out of the U.S. And for us, the lion's share of the Brazilian portion is coming from Sul.
Operator: Our next question is from Kit Konolige.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: So just to get back to DPL, at least, briefly. Obviously, there have been a few questions on the withdrawal of the capacity for sale. Do you -- can you give us any idea of what you're kind of looking for or what kind of timetable you're looking at that might lead to a remarketing of that capacity, or is that really not in the cards at this point?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I would say at this point, it's -- we're not in the cards. I mean we've taken a decision. We expect to improve the performance of those assets. And we think that there are several factors, several different avenues to significant increase in volume in the future of those generation assets. So of course, we don't know exactly how the future, but we think there are several paths where this could have significant upside.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: And when you looked at the bids that were coming in and looked at your process for putting those plants up for sale, what's your conclusion, in retrospect, about the difference between your expectations and the bids you got in? I mean what were the buyers seeing there? Was this just too small of a fleet for people to want to buy into? It would have seemed like a pretty good environment with prices having run up some?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, I -- again, I can't get into the minds of the potential buyers. What I would say is that the run-up in forward curves in the better outlook for the RPM capacity also helped us in terms of what we consider our whole value would be.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Kit, it's Tom. I'd just add that obviously, we've done a lot of asset sales around the world, many billions of dollars that have brought $2 billion of cash back to AES. So we've shown an ability to transact. I guess that said, at any -- for all those transactions, when we looked at where the numbers were finally coming down to, we made a judgment ourselves and the board as to whether the assets were worth more to us or more to somebody else. So at least in this case, through a whole lot of factors, it was a tough decision. It was a -- certainly had a lot of discussion. We looked at it hard. We did get real bids from real players, so it certainly was transactable. But it was -- we just thought it worth more to keep than to take the money now.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: And then one other area that I'd like to touch on. You sold your position in some solar assets that you had. And you're investing in other solar assets. Can you give us an idea -- I mean you mentioned for the ones that you're selling that you weren't getting adequate returns. And obviously, for the ones that you're going to invest in, you're expecting to get adequate returns. Can you give us an idea what the difference was? In other words, what was wrong with the solar investment that you made previously? And why is the future one going to be better?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, the big difference is that going forwards, we're really looking at geographic markets. So we're building solar where we have an existing business. So when I mentioned we have 220 megawatts of permitted solar in Chile, we already have a substation there. We already have all of the infrastructure. So it's far less expensive to operate. It's far less expensive to do the development. So that's really the big change in strategy. What we're looking at is the total cost of doing the project and taking advantage of our platforms. So what we did was exit a number of countries. We had relatively small number of megawatts operating them. And what we're doing is we will build solar in the future because we do many types of energy. We will do the energy -- type of energy that is most attractive and makes the most sense for that market, but that also compliments our portfolio. So that's the big difference. We're going to where we have assets, where we can do the development and operations much cheaper than going into markets where we don't have a presence.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Byrd.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's actually Rajeev Lalwani on for Stephen's team. 2 questions, the first, just as it relates to Latin America. We've seen some issues in Puerto Rico and Argentina. How concerned are you that, that could spread to other regions? And then likewise, as you look at the Middle East and Russia and places like that, there's been some more headlines. How can that impact your operations? And then a follow-up.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay, talking about -- I think the situation in Argentina is particular to Argentina. I really don't see that spreading. That was a selective default. I'm sure you followed the court cases in New York. And we have 3,000 megawatts of terrific assets in Argentina. They're cash positive and have very little debt on them. They have about $180 million debt for 3,000 megawatts. So [indiscernible], we'll continue to monitor the situation, but we've had really no effect whatsoever to date. If you look at the case of Puerto Rico, it's a case where you do have the commonwealth, as you know, has been downgraded twice. And the reason I mentioned it in my script, we think we have a very strong operation there because we're selling energy at $0.095 per kilowatt hour to PREPA that would cost it $0.20 for itself to self-generate because these are inefficient oil-fired plants. So we have a good contract. It's in our interest. So we're just highlighting that because we wanted to make sure that we covered all of the things that were potential risks. So I don't see those particular situations spreading. Puerto Rico is very unique. Argentina's guys [ph] is very unique. Chile is a very strong economy. Mexico is doing well, Colombia, these are our main other businesses there. Of course, we've already discussed Brazil. So I don't see any contagion. Now moving to Eastern Europe, we talked about Bulgaria. Bulgaria, is somewhat of a unique case, because it actually has a relatively small foreign debt. And so had -- was not that affected by, for example, contamination from Greece. We have been reducing our position in Eastern Europe. We sold Ukraine, you may remember, about 10 months ago. And we're very happy with that decision. How could Bulgaria be affected? Well, Bulgaria does get its gas from Russia, which comes through the Ukraine. So if there were any cut-off of gas from Russia to the Ukraine, it would affect Bulgaria. And that would make our plant even more valuable because it operates on local lignite. And the other thing I would mention about our plant, it's the only EU 16 environmentally compliant thermal plant in the country. So that this is also an important factor to take into account. Now what we've had basically is a transition from the 2 parties and a lack of a firm government. And in that you had a little -- the regulator came out with some rather unexpected statements, which we are trying to manage. So the issue really has been the liquidity situation of the offtaker NEK.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then maybe a question for Tom. In terms of additional asset sales, can you talk about maybe regions you're targeting and the process for looking at where you're going to sell?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. I think consistent with our prior practice, we'd rather not talk about or speculate on things we might do. Keep in mind that some of these businesses are -- obviously have a lot of relationships with people, stake holders, regulators, et cetera, so we'd rather think through something and then announce it rather than creep it out. Andres talked about a $500 million that would be cash back to parent that may be selling entire stakes or selling minority stakes out on the Philippines.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What I think is important is that -- what I'm saying today is that we had basically met our target for 2014 and 2015 this year. We're saying that we think there could be another additional $500 million. But that would not necessarily be exiting. That could be bringing on partners. Because what we're really focused on now is optimizing our portfolio, optimizing our position in different businesses. So by bringing in partners, this permits us flexibility to try to achieve that optimal portfolio.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Following-up that last question about [indiscernible]. I mean just to make sure I understand. Really, you're dealing with a plant there [indiscernible]. It's a low-cost plant under -- environmentally, it's adequate or even more than adequate. There's, to the best of my knowledge, no talk of nationalization of that plant. So it's really just a receivable from a utility that has a [indiscernible] purchase, that has what appears to be a liquidity issue at the moment. Is that a fair assessment?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I think what you said is fair. One thing I'd say is that our contract in Maritza is not the low cost in the country. Because we had a really state-of-the-art waste disposal facility, which is part of that contract. But you're right in a sense that, really the issue is the liquidity of the offtaker [ph] NEK. NEK sales of energy, it generates us well. Sells energy to the distribution company and also exports energy. Now Bulgaria actually has one of the lowest -- actually has lowest retail tariffs in the EU. So the fact is if the EU rules are enforced, that would retire about 1,000 megawatts in country and make this -- our thermal plant more attractive. And it's also a big employer because again, it uses local lignite. So you're right. I mean the essential problem there really is keeping track of the receivables at NEK and the regulator trying to find various ways to continually to lower retail tariffs. But this has not been [indiscernible] an issue with the government, per se. It's been an issue with the regulator, which is independent of the government.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And then second question. [indiscernible], is that a similar technology to Tietê?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. But we're thinking about putting in it is -- it's basically our energy storage, which are lithium ion batteries in containers. And what we really have is proprietary algorithms to help with the ancillary services. So we tested it out, we're the world leader in this. And that's exactly right.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So it's a lot like Tietê?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: It's virtually identical. I mean it's the same containers and it would be used in the same fashion.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And then you mentioned the opportunity for energy storage in Asia. Is that technology, or is that [indiscernible] storage or something else?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: It would be exactly the same technology. It works really well in islands where you have sort of isolated grids because you have more instability, especially as you put on more renewables. So we operate on a lot of islands, Hawaii, Northern Ireland, Puerto Rico, and the Philippines, there's a lot of islands. So this is something I spoke to with the President of the Philippines and also his Minister of Energy and Minister of Finance that they're very interested in putting more renewables in, and we could also help that, make it more feasible by putting in the same technology on various of the islands in the Philippines.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And I assume now you're -- I don't know if you're quite a year into Tietê, but the performance has been good. And that's given you a showcase to illustrate the technology.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, you're right. The performance has been very good. And it gives us a showcase here in the States. I mean we are also operating larger units in Chile, so those were some of the first units that came out. So I think that the when you have situations like the polar vortex in Ohio, et cetera, it's very good to have a facility like Tietê, so I think it's been a great time to showcase its abilities.
Operator: Our final question today is from Paul Patterson.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just to follow-up on Argentina and the -- you guys mentioned that an extreme devaluation might change the outlook or something. Could you just elaborate a little bit more exactly? Sort of what's in guidance, and what your comments -- what that meant?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Ahmed, you want to...
Ahmed Pasha: Paul, I mean we have assumed devaluation when we gave our forecast for 5 years outlook. We assumed roughly 20% on average annual depreciation in Argentine pesos, and it was more front-end loaded. But we did assume devaluation when we gave our outlook. And just to give you, in context, anything beyond that 20%, every 10% is roughly $6 million pretax earnings for us.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Then in terms of the DPL assets, there was some discussion, you did touch on the fact that I think FirstEnergy and AEP are looking to have PPAs, sort of for fuel diversity or stability or what have you. I'm just wondering do you see -- are there any opportunities like that for you guys? Is that any part of what your discussion or decision was in terms of retaining these?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What we have said is that we look favorably on this because we do think that if you had a replay of the polar vortex post-'16 and you retired as many plants as would be slated for retirement, coal plants, you would have a problem in PGM and in Ohio. So we look favorably on something like that, that would help secure the stability of the network. Because again, that's the last -- how do I say, the worst time possible to be short power. And you don't have adequate transmission capacity. So we look favorably upon it, and certainly, we will be following that very closely. And it could apply to DPL's generation as well.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then just -- not to beat up on the DPL thing. But is there any potential for a partial sale of assets associated with the Duke joint ownership process that they're going under? Since you guys own some of the same plants, could some of those go with them, or how should we think about that? Or it's just too early to say?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I'd say it's too early to say. Let's see what happens with their process. What we're interested in is really optimizing the performance of those plants.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back to the speakers for closing remarks.
Ahmed Pasha: We thank, everybody, for joining us on today's call. As always the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you, and this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Strategy & Investment Committee Thomas M. O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andrew Martin Vesey - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Alex Kania - Wolfe Research, LLC Jeff Gildersleeve Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Levi
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Pasha, you may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Angela. Good morning, and welcome to our First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn; our Chief Financial Officer, and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andres. Andres?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Today I will discuss: our first quarter results; dry and hydrological conditions in Latin America and the steps we are taking in response; our 2014 guidance and longer-term expectations; and an update on how our strategy is continuing to yield opportunities to create shareholder value. Then Tom will provide a detailed discussion of our results and our capital allocation plan. Turning first to our results on Slide 4. This year, hydrology, in much of Latin America, is proving to be drier than expected. However, we are pulling all levers in our control to meet our commitments and we are reaffirming our guidance on all metrics, although we now expect to be in the lower end of our adjusted EPS range. In the first quarter, we earned $0.24 of adjusted EPS, down $0.03 from the first quarter of 2013. And our proportional free cash flow was $129 million, down $232 million. The former traces largely to outages and gas curtailment at DPL and the latter to temporary working capital needs due to the severe weather in Indiana, Ohio and Brazil. Turning to Slide 5. Before Tom discusses our first quarter results and capital allocation plan in more detail, let me address some recent developments at some of our businesses. So far this year, hydrology in Chile, Colombia, Argentina has been in line with our expectations. However, we are seeing conditions in Panama and Brazil that are even drier than last year's, which could have an adverse impact of between $0.07 and $0.10 on earnings per share this year, relative to our original assumptions. The actual impact will ultimately depend upon the strength of a potential El Niño developing in the Pacific, which could improve hydrology conditions at some of our facilities in Latin America. Even if this is the second consecutive year of poor hydrology in Latin America, we are aggressively taking steps to mitigate this year's impact and develop real options to decrease future volatility. Specifically in Panama, where we have seen the greatest exposure, we converted 175 megawatts PPA from financial to physical, capping our exposure to actual production levels. We successfully executed an agreement with the government of Panama where the government agreed to reduce the financial impact of spot electricity purchases by up to $100 million over the next 3 years for AES Panama. And in order to diversify the fuel mix of our generation fleet in Panama, while supporting the country, we will bring in a 72-megawatt oil fired power barge. We're entering into a 5-year PPA with the government-owned distribution company and expect to earn attractive returns beginning in 2015. We're also evaluating similar real option opportunities in other parts of Latin America. In Brazil, our revised outlook indicates that forecasted hydrological conditions will have a negative impact on our earnings this year. However, it also contributed to a 60% increase in power prices for 2016, nearing the level of Tietê's current contract with Eletropaulo, which expires late 2015. Tietê has roughly 2/3 of its capacity contracted for 2016 at BRL 119 per megawatt hour. 1/3 of its firm capacity has not been contracted and this grows to 2/3 in 2018. Tietê may be able to capture additional upside if power prices remain at 2016 levels through 2018. These same market conditions are also favorable for Uruguaiana, our 640-megawatt gas power plant in which we are able to secure gas supply for 60 days. We're leveraging our presence in Argentina, Brazil and Chile to find solutions and take advantage of underutilized infrastructure in those countries to quickly address current energy shortfalls while we work towards long-term solutions. Before turning to our 2014 guidance, let me touch on the status of DPL's generation assets. We continue to work on parallel paths, exploring options to transfer to an affiliate or to sell to a third-party. The sale process is well underway. We're in the second round of discussions with potential buyers and the sale could be announced later this year. We're also monitoring alternative proposals for commercial strategies in Ohio, which may have an impact on the long-term value of these businesses. Keep in mind we will only sell if the price offer is reasonable and represents the best outcome for investors. Now I'd like to review our guidance on Slide 6. The impact of hydrology I mentioned earlier is the most significant change since our last conference call. And we now see an estimated impact for the year of $0.07 to $0.10 per year. However, in a portfolio as large and diverse as AES, we're able to mitigate this impact through additional cost management efforts, targeted capital allocation and strategic initiatives. Therefore, we're reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of $1.30 to $1.38, but we now expect to be in the low end of the range. Our earnings and cash expectations beyond 2014 remain unchanged. Although we reported only $129 million of proportional free cash flow in the first quarter, we're reaffirming our guidance range of $1 billion to $1.3 billion. We expect to achieve our range as we recoup our working capital in Brazil and the U.S., as well as implement other liquidity-enhancing initiatives that Tom will discuss in a moment. Based on our current stock price, the level of free cash flow represents a 10% to 13% free cash flow yield. Now turning to Slide 7. We remain focused on executing on our strategy, which aims to maximize total shareholder returns. As a reminder, our strategy is based on the following 4 pillars: performance excellence; reducing our geographic complexity; expanding access to capital; and leveraging our platform. Beginning with Performance Excellence. We're on track to achieve our 2015 goal of reducing global G&A by $200 million, making progress towards reducing our proportional O&M by $185 million by 2018. Since our last call, we moved forward with several opportunities that are examples of the other 2 pillars: expanding access to capital and leveraging our platforms. The 4 examples I will describe in a moment all came together in the last few months, demonstrating our commitment to execute on value-accretive transactions that require shorter lead times. In aggregate, we believe that these new projects will result in $200 million to $300 million of NPV creation and adjusted EPS contributions of between $0.10 and $0.12 per year, once they are fully operational. These particular projects have several characteristics in common. They require relatively small equity investments from AES and they will earn strong returns. Turning to the first example on Slide 8. In Chile, we recently had the opportunity to both expand our access to capital through a creative partnership arrangement, as well as leverage our existing presence in the market. By exercising our right of first offer, we bought the remaining 50% stake in AES Gener's Guacolda generation business for $728 million and then sold the 50% stake less 1 share at the same price to another investor. By doing so, we increased our operating role in the project, allowing us to extract synergies from operations and create $50 million to $100 million in present value for our shareholders. Another example is the integration of fogging technology at our Parana CCGT plant in Argentina. We increased the output by as much as 45 megawatts with an investment of less than $1 million. This project is also an example of our adjacencies and enhancement programs, which includes energy storage, fogging and water desalinization. As I mentioned on our last call, in aggregate, we expect the enhancements and adjacencies program to add $40 million of pretax contribution for PTC in 2015. The power barge in Panama I discussed earlier is another example and will produce approximately $20 million in PTC beginning next year. Now turning to Slide 9. We plan to convert the DPP gas powered plant in the Dominican Republic from open cycle to combined cycle, increasing its output by 120 megawatts to 360 megawatts, without using any additional fuel. All required permits are in place, and we're working on PPAs for approximately 85% of the capacity. We expect to finance the more than $200 million investment in this project with leverage capacity at our existing businesses in the Dominican Republic. These 4 initiatives are examples of actions we are taking to create value for our shareholders with minimal AES equity. We're working on similar projects across our portfolio, which will result in an improved return on our invested capital. We're also seeing electricity demand growth in most of our markets, such as Chile, Central America and Asia that is 4x higher than the U.S., which provides us with many good investment opportunities. Now regarding the project on our construction project. Since our last call, we completed construction of our 266-megawatt Mount Signal Solar project in California, on time and on budget. It is one of the largest single-axis tracker PV plants in the world. We expect this project to contribute almost $10 million of distributable cash in 2014. Additionally, as you can see on Slide 10, we currently have 4,100 megawatts of new capacity under construction. This includes the 1,320-megawatt coal-fired OPGC II project in India and the 531-megawatt hydroelectric Alto Maipo project in Chile. Both of these projects broke ground during the first quarter on our expansions of existing plants. We also have 2400 megawatts of environmental upgrade underway at IPL Indiana, which will bring our IPL generation capacity into full MATS compliance by 2016. All of our construction projects are progressing well and are expected to come online over the next 5 years. Total AES equity required for these projects is $1.25 billion, of which 75% is already funded. All necessary financings are in place. On average, we're expecting an attractive 14% return on these investments. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thanks, Andres, and good morning to all. As Andres said, hydrology for this year is challenging. We're taking steps to offset these issues. While we're reaffirming our guidance for cash flow and adjusted EPS, we now expect to be in the lower half of the range for adjusted EPS. Today I'll go through our first quarter, including adjusted EPS, adjusted PTC by strategic business units or SBU, proportional free cash flow and our 2014 capital allocation plan. Turning to Slide 12. First quarter 2014 adjusted EPS of $0.24 was $0.03 below first quarter 2013. I'll give more details in a moment. But at a high level, we benefited from the following: our SBUs contributed an increase of $0.02 despite a $0.04 impact from hydrology and onetime spot price adjustment in the Philippines. We also had $0.03 from capital allocation actions, which resulted in reduced Parent interest expense and a 3% lower share count. On the negative side, we're affected by the absence of last year's $0.04 Beaver Valley PPA termination payment; a $0.03 impact from forced outages and the lack of gas availability at DPL during the extreme winter weather; and the return to roughly 30% normalized tax rate this year versus 26% in the first quarter 2013, which has an impact of $0.01. On a GAAP basis, we reported a loss of $0.07. This included $0.17 of impairments as a result of our annual review, largely DPL, where we impaired the goodwill associated with our retail business, reflecting continued margin compression and lower expected future retail growth. After this impairment, the remaining goodwill at DPL is $317 million. GAAP results also reflect $0.13 of expenses associated with the refinancing of near-term Parent debt maturities with longer-term lower coupon debt. Before we review our businesses in more detail, I'd like to comment on hydrology on Slide 13. Hydrology has been a challenge across Latin America. And we provided guidance at the end of February that was largely based on a return to normal hydro conditions for 2014. However, in the first quarter of '14, we had a $0.02 impact from below average hydrology versus a $0.03 impact last year. As Andres discussed, we've taken actions to reduce the full year impact by $0.04. Accordingly, we expect an impact of between $0.07 and $0.10 this year compared to $0.13 last year. About 2/3 of this is from Panama and the remainder from Brazil. In Chile, Colombia and Argentina, hydro has been very much in line with our expectations. And I'll cover Panama and then Brazil. As we noted on our last call, inflows were below average in Panama but the rainy season had not yet started. We're now entering that rainy season and the forecast is for inflows to be significantly below average. Also adding pressure to the tight supply, the competitor's large thermal plant went off-line in March, further increasing spot prices. As I mentioned on our fourth quarter call, in Brazil, system reservoir levels were low at 39% but there were still 2 months left in the rainy season. Since then the rainy season has ended and system reservoir levels have only improved to 43% versus 62% last year. System operator has increased thermal dispatched to preserve reservoir levers, causing higher spot prices. These higher spot prices do not affect our utility earnings due to the passive nature of energy purchases. However, there has certainly been an impact on working capital needs. To assist the distribution companies with the working capital, the government of Brazil has announced an BRL 11 billion funding plan, of which Eletropaulo and Sul will receive about BRL 1 billion this year. Regarding Tietê, our generation business in Brazil, we ended the first quarter with high results from spot sales at favorable prices due to lower contract levels. However, we expect Tietê to be a net buyer in the spot market during the second half of the year. If the dry conditions persist, we're getting some exposure in the second half of 2014. I'll note that this estimate does not include the potential rationing in Brazil. Since current reservoir levels are at 43% and given the level of thermal generation in the system, we do not believe that rationing is likely this year. Turning now to Slide 14 and the newly proposed tax reforms in Chile, which are expected to be approved by the third quarter of this year. The tax performs includes the phased-in increase of the corporate income tax rate from 20% to 25% by 2017. In addition, beginning in 2017, the law would require a 10% withholding tax to be paid when profits are earned rather than when they're paid out as dividends. Beyond the onetime increase in our deferred tax balance in 2014, which was factored into our guidance, we don't expect material impact from these changes in the near term. The Chilean government has also proposed new emissions taxes, including a carbon tax of $5 per ton, to be imposed on stationary boilers and turbines beginning in 2017. The proposal has an impact on our thermal plants, primarily for the period from 2017 through 2022. We believe that the impact of these green taxes is around $0.02 to $0.03 per share in 2017, declining thereafter as we expect an uplift in power prices that benefit our hydro capacity and our efforts to re-contract our thermal capacity. As a reminder, the average life of our PPAs in Chile is about 7 years. Now I'll go through each SBU. Turning to Slide 15. In the U.S. we reported a decline of $58 million in adjusted PTC year-over-year, which includes the onetime effect of $49 million on 2013 PTC from Beaver Valley PPA termination payment. Although we benefited from higher profitability on our wind businesses and better availability in Hawaii, as compared to last year, results were negatively affected by a $33 million decline at DPL. This was largely driven by DPL having to cover some of its load obligations from the spot market during January's extremely cold weather due to forced outages and gas curtailment. Turning to Andes, we reported a decrease of $28 million in PTC, half of which is the result of planned maintenance in Chile and the remaining amount is related to foreign exchange. In Brazil, PTC increased $27 million for the quarter, despite a 15% currency devaluation. Profitability improved across all of our businesses. Tietê benefited from higher spot prices, as I described earlier. We also saw some improvements in Eletropaulo and Sul from higher demand due to the hot weather. At Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, we saw 16% adjusted PTC growth to $65 million. This was largely driven by higher availability and higher contract prices in the Dominican Republic. These favorable contributions were somewhat offset by lower hydrology in Panama. Turning to Europe, the Middle East and Africa on Slide 16. PTC increased 20% to $115 million. This was largely driven by higher operating performance in Bulgaria and Northern Ireland, as well as contributions from our new wind businesses in the U.K. Now I'd like to provide a quick update on Maritza. The plants are running well with excellent availability and the government of Bulgaria continues to support the agreement -- the agreed-upon payment plans. We received $61 million in payments since our last call, and current outstanding receivables are about the same level, which is $167 million, of which $40 million is due in installments over the next 8 months and the majority of the remaining amount is less than 90 days outstanding. Finally, turning to Asia, where PTC declined by $23 million to $8 million. About 1/3 of this decline relates to the planned and unplanned outages at our Masinloc facility in the Philippines. The plant is now back online as of mid-April. Also in the Philippines, we expensed $14 million this quarter as a result of a market spot price adjustment for November and December, when the system experienced unprecedented high spot prices due to significant system outages. Now turning to cash flow on Slide 17. We generated $129 million of proportional free cash flow this quarter, including the $60 million PPA termination payment related to Beaver Valley. This represents a decline of $172 million versus last year's first quarter. During the quarter we benefited from lower maintenance CapEx at our U.S. and Brazil utilities, higher collections at our businesses in the Dominican Republic and lower tax payments in Colombia. These gains were offset by higher working capital needs in Brazil and DPL related to higher sales, which we expect to recover during the remainder of the year. On a full year basis, as Andres has mentioned, we expect to generate $1 billion to $1.3 billion in proportional free cash flow. In addition to the recovery of working capital that I just mentioned, we are focused on improving liquidity and cash flow. As an example, we're reassessing minimum cash balances required to support operations at key businesses, with excess cash balances being distributed to AES or used more efficiently at the business level, such as debt prepayment. We also have a review of existing project financing arrangements to identify areas where restricted cash balances may be distributed to AES without adversely affecting the underlying credit. Overall, we believe these initiatives will help us to achieve our full year cash flow guidance. Now to Slide 18, our capital allocation plan for the year. We continue to project roughly $900 million of discretionary cash, including $500 million of Parent free cash flow as well as about $200 million of announced asset sales. In addition to dividend and debt prepayments, we plan to use $270 million for investments, largely in platform expansions at IPL and Gener, including our $108 million participation in Gener's recent equity raise. This leaves about $200 million to $300 million of discretionary cash to be allocated this year. Plus as we announce additional asset sales of roughly $500 million to $700 million by 2015, the amount of discretionary cash available will increase. We'll continue to work on maximizing cash flow, improved operations, optimize working capital and additional asset sales. And we'll deploy it in a disciplined way to maximize returns for our shareholders. I'll now pass it back to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. In summary, although hydrology is once again extremely dry in some of our markets, we're taking steps to minimize the impact, including increased cost management efforts, accelerated capital allocation and strategic initiatives. At the same time, we're taking advantage of the opportunities our presence in attractive markets offers us to create value while being mindful of the amounts of AES equity we invest. Going forward, and in line with our capital allocation framework, we will continue to invest our discretionary cash to maximize value for our shareholders. As we've demonstrated through the repurchase of 8% of our outstanding shares over the last 2 years, buybacks will remain a key component of our capital allocation plan. To that end, we have $190 million of our repurchased authorization outstanding in conjunction with strong liquidity. The bottom line is that we still expect our annual total return to grow from a range of 6% to 8% to a range of 8% to 10% and expect our free cash flow to grow at a rate of 10% to 15% annually on average over the next 5 years. With that, I'd like to open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick clarifications. First off on DPL, I know that you folks have been trying to get clarity from the commission on the status of the non-bypassable charge if you were to sell those assets. I heard you say you're sort of second round in the bids could -- and the sale transaction could occur by the end of this year. So where are you in that process from hearing back from the commission? And what bearing, if any, will that have on the timeline of the sale that you were talking about?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Ali, it's Tom. I'll just say we're on a parallel path there to -- as a separate to an affiliate and keeping the affiliate or of course to look at separating and selling to a nonaffiliate. We believe that the NDC and the other pieces of the ESP from last year are a fair and reasonable treatment, whether we continue to own the assets or not, essentially to provide stability for the DP&L utility, to manage through the transition pieces. And we think that's very reasonable. So we're continuing on a path. The team has made their -- a substantial filing before our last call. And we continue to move forward on that process. And we would expect to have the separation perhaps in the third quarter of this year and then have the flexibility to sell, as Andres said, by the end of the year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Secondly, Andres, if I was hearing you right, you mentioned these expansion opportunities that you're now capitalizing on represents $0.10 to $0.12 of earnings. It sounded from your timeline that that's starting to flow '15 onwards on these plus the pickup in the forward pricing in Brazil, particularly the '16 pricing. So have we raised our '15 and '16 outlook to reflect this? And if not, why not? Like what's offsetting at least the $0.10 to $0.12 of pickup that you highlighted for us?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Sure, Ali. As I mentioned in previous call, this was a very important initiative for us which is really to use those sort of adjacent spaces to add to our existing platforms to increase the profitability of the businesses. So at this time, Ali, we are sticking to our guidance for '14. And what we're saying in terms of beyond that is that we're doing everything possible to accelerate our total return growth from 6% to 8% to 8% to 10%. So at this point, I really have nothing further to say but that we're going to do everything possible to accelerate this as soon as possible.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: But did I hear you right that $0.10 to $0.12 of earnings, this is incremental it was not in your original budget that you were laying out for us? Is that correct?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I would say some of that was because as I mentioned, when I first came out with the initiative, I said that we really were in the process of quantifying it. We had these ideas that we thought they were very promising but we really had to see how they would pan out in reality. So what I'm very pleased with the development in the last couple of months is that we're seeing that they're panning out very well.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Got it. My final question, as far as capital allocation is concerned, Tom, the $200 million to $300 million bucket that you highlighted unallocated, when will you allocate that? We're almost getting to the halfway point in the year and share buybacks, clearly, you haven't done any so far this year. How should we think about that in terms of priority of that $200 million to $300 million that you plan to use this year?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Ali, our cash flow does tend to be a little bit more third, fourth quarter driven. We obviously are doing work to try to accelerate some of that. But as Andres said, we do have an authorization for a little short of $200 million. We do have good liquidity. So it is something that we look at as we look at some of the opportunities that Andres has mentioned, despite they're, let's say, thin on capital, because we're trying to be miserly, let's say, with our investment. So we've got good availability for other alternatives. We do compete those very much against share repurchase. So we do look at it on a regular basis. And I would say that -- remind you we did buy back 20 million shares in mid-December. And we bought back I think 8% of our shares since Andres stepped in as CEO. So it is something we look at on a regular basis.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Final comment, more than a question, I mean, as you know given your valuation multiple, share buyback seems like a no-brainer at these price levels.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. We definitely think that current share price is an attractive value for us. So yes, I agree with you.
Operator: Our next question is from Gregg Orrill with Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the Tietê contracting strategy '16 and beyond, how you're looking to fill that position through purchases or auction. Are there other auctions coming up that might help you to fill that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. I'll make it sort of a general comment. Our strategy there has been gradual recontracting. I think if you go back a couple of calls, people were saying why hadn't we contracted more? Partly one of the reasons, of course, we couldn't foresee the degree of drought but we did foresee that with MP 579 and other -- any of the concessions that we thought supply would be a bit tight. So we really essentially hedged our bets and said we contract over time. So as we mentioned we're about 68% contracted today post the ending of the contract with Eletropaulo at BRL 119 per megawatt hour. Our latest has been closing around BRL 125, BRL 135 and current prices are higher. But I'll pass it on to Andy, so he can talk a little bit about some of the auctions that we've seen recently.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I just wanted clarification. So this $0.07 to $0.10 of an impact, is this before the $0.04 mitigation or is this inclusive of the $0.04?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. That number is net of the mitigation actions that we've taken. And of course we're going to try for more. And as I also mentioned, to some extent where we'll be in that range will depend on how the potential El Niño develops. If it's very strong, it could help mitigate this. I would say that essentially El Niño will help us in Colombia, if it's strong -- whenever it's a very strong wind it could also help rains in Brazil. And typically it will make things worse in Panama. So there is a lot of moving pieces here. But what I think is very important, this is the second year that we've seen this occur. So we're taking actions to mitigate this risk going forward. We had taken some actions but we're taking additional actions, such as the barge into Panama.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. Now about DPL, so we've had quite an impressive moving forward power curves. AD Javes [ph] is stronger than we probably -- you have ever expected. Now is this in any way impacting your decision making about the disposing your merchant assets or maybe restarting the sale process, given the fact that the value of these assets have still increased?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Angie, it's Tom. Yes, we've certainly seen that with gas coming up and some -- also some retirements. We've seen that. We would -- I think our plan continues to be the same. We're on a parallel path. We would hope and expect that those higher -- those improved outlooks and the forward market would translate into higher value from the folks looking at our assets. And we also have seen RPM here in the next few months. We think there's a lot of -- in the next few weeks, I'm sorry, we think there's a lot of helpful things that will bring the RPM back into a more attractive number. It would also help values that we would expect to see.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: And lastly, you mentioned that there were some gas curtailment for some of the assets in Ohio. Is this a real curtailment or is this something that the prices were prohibitively high?
Andrew Martin Vesey: Angie, this is Andy Vesey. Let me respond to that. This is the first time that -- in recent operating memory at DP&L there've been basically shortages of gas. What happened with extremely cold weather, there were 2 effects. One was that literally there was no gas available because it was prioritized to residential customers. The second issue is that the pricing went very, very high. I think on average, we see gas at about $8 a decatherm. We were buying at $25 and we were refusing at $45, so it was both. It was a period just no gas available because it was prioritize to residential customers. And the second impact that we saw was that when there was gas available, the pricing was extremely high. I think this is something we have to recognize and be cognizant of. And as a result of the performance that we had during the polar vortex, we've made a number of changes. And one is that we had recognize that the commercial strategy we had in place was suboptimal if not fragile. And we're currently reviewing that and reorienting that so we don't have these issues going forward.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Could you say which gas hub will have this issue with curtailment of gas?
Andrew Martin Vesey: Angie, that I just don't know. We can get back to you on that.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just a quick clarification on the hydrology, if you would. Is there any way to break up this $0.07 to $0.10 by quarter or by region a little bit more granularly, just so as we think through the next few quarters here what the expected impacts could be respectively?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Sure. I mean, we had $0.02 as we said in the first quarter. And then we're thinking of $0.07 to $0.10 for the remainder. Now again this range will depend again on -- it looks more likely than not that we'll have an El Niño effect and the question will be the strength of El Niño. If it's a very strong one then it's of course more positive for us. Now the main effects would be, one is Panama will get worse if you have a strong El Niño. That's the most -- that's where we have the biggest exposure. And then second, it would be Brazil where we have basically the Tietê. And then on the positive side, you basically have Colombia. So I would say that in terms of quarters, maybe 60% will be in the second half of the year and we'll have 40% in the first half of the year. And again, we are cognizant of this. And what we're really trying to do is reshape our commercial strategy and create real options to sort of cut off the extreme ends here.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then on the Chilean tax situation, if you could talk about that briefly, I was wondering -- so you have an increase by year but also this is, I suppose, a 2017 increase step-up potential. What do you estimate that to be and also what are some mitigating strategies that you see as well?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. I was in Chile last week and I met with key ministers. I met with leading congressmen and leading senators. So first, we have to say that this is a tax proposal. And what we really have is a discussion about it. What is key is that President Bachelet has that said they want 3% additional revenues, 3% of GDP additional revenues, which most of that will go for educational reform, making higher education free at all levels. So that's the desired outcome. So they have different components. The first is the increase of the corporate income tax to 25%. And quite frankly, we were expecting that and that has always been as part of our guidance. And we've taken the appropriate steps in time for that. And they're doing it in a gradual fashion to -- as should be the case. The second part of that is the withholding tax, doing on an accrual basis rather than on a cash basis. And that -- it was not as expected. But again, we had to pay that anyway when we pay the dividend. And we have been paying -- for example, this year high proportion of our disposable cash. Then the third issue, which is the green tax. This is interesting because what we heard was basically this was a revenue measure more than having -- because of the -- it's not extensive to all sources of CO2. So it's very specific, it was a revenue measure. They're looking at raising $180 million when fully implemented. So this one is also being debated at this point. Do you make it a wider tax rather than just boilers and turbines? And so we'll have to see how this one turns out. But in all cases, I think that we are well positioned for. We started Alto Maipo, which is 500 megawatts of hydro, thinking that this could be an eventuality in Chile. And we do have a pipeline potential from the Alto Maipo making additional hydro run of the river investments, if we see this task in full. [ph] So Julien, this is one thing we'll have to continue to monitor because this is not in place. What I feel very certain is that you will have this tax increase and they will have additional funds for the educational system, the corporate income tax of 25%, that's a given. Some sort of a green tax is also very likely. And there's a lot of discussion about the withholding.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just in Bulgaria quickly, it seems like in the K we calculated some prices retroactively. I mean, how is the collection, how is the political situation stand there?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. We haven't, sorry, calculated any prices retroactively. What Tom said in his script was basically that if you look at the level of receivables, they remain basically unchanged. I don't know, Tom, do you want to add?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: So I'll just say, Julien, maybe the recalc was in the Philippines and it was about $14 million from very high prices last November, December. There was a large number of outages, I believe it was 2,000 megawatts of outages, so prices really spiked and the market did some recalculation. So some spot prices that we've taken in the income last November, December we've reversed out this quarter. That's the only market recalc. Bulgaria and Maritza, there hasn't been any recalc. And we continue to move forward and I gave the stats on receivables and payments.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great, excellent. And let me just clarify one last comment you made Andres, with regards to Ohio, some of the other dynamics around, I suppose, getting involved with recon -- PPA's potentially. I'm kind of curious is that something on the radar screen? And could you talk about how that timeline for that process might mesh with your own decision to move forward with the sale and maybe also how it might relate to the pending ESP as well? I suppose the read that we're hearing on ESP.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: We're aware of some of the other proposals that have been made in the space regarding a commercial strategy, which will help assure supply. I think there's serious concern given what happened in the polar vortex to keep sufficient plants online. And if there's a commercial strategy that helps make this happen, we support it. And we'd certainly look at this before making any final decision on a sale. So as we've said in effect, we're pursuing both fast. We're looking at what's occurring in Ohio and we will make the decision that we feel is in our shareholders' interest.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But the timeline, is there a certain period of time with which you would need to wait for the ESP and PPAs to get resolved or you're kind of moving forward regardless with the sale and if it's not resolved by then, then you move forward with the sale?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Obviously, if you would transfer to an affiliate or you sell, sort of mutually exclusive. I don't see any sort of hard timeline that we have to make a decision in any specific period of time. So this will be more sort of a, I believe, a Q3 -- Q2, Q3 -- late Q2, Q3 issue.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Chin with Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just going back to the Philippines question. I thought I heard in your prepared remarks that there were unprecedented high spot prices in this quarter, but then in your response to Julien's question, I thought you had referenced that it was in the prior period. Can you just clarify that and help us understand this one?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, I'll pass this one on to Andy. Basically there are -- there was 1 period where there were high prices and that's what it refers to.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Brian, this is Andy Vesey, the period of time with -- of the recalc was last November, December. As Tom had mentioned, over 2,000 megawatts off the system. And the way to think about it is that on an average in 2013, we saw spot prices about 88,000-megawatt hour. During this period in November, December they climbed to 296,000-megawatt hour and that really stressed the system. And you also have to remember this was immediately after the typhoon. So this was a big stress on the economy. The government stepped in to recalc based on what they thought it should've been. That is over now. We have no indication that, that will go on. And quite honestly, most of the generators are discussing that decision by the government. We are -- right now we do not anticipate that this is a trend or that the government in the future would step in again, given that we don't see that kind of amazing spike in prices.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: If you look at the Philippines, it is a market that's going to be short. But we think it's an attractive market. And we're looking at the opportunity of expanding our Masinloc plant there. So this decision by the ERC, as Andy mentioned, is being, let's say, contested because it interferes with the pricing mechanism. But again it was a very particular short period of time when prices really did really spike.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then going back to DPL and gas deliverability, you've made comments about the fact that you're looking at solutions for gas deliverability in the future. Can you just go into little bit more color on what does that mean? Are we talking real changes, are you talking changes to some of your current contracts? Just a little more flavor on what we're looking at there.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Brian, this is Andy. I really don't think we're looking at, at gas. One of the things we're really looking at is the commercial strategy and how close to the edge we're operating with our baseload and how we view the need for our gas turbine facilities to help meet our obligations. So this is really a re-examination of the commercial strategy to give us more flexibility in times of stress and potentially looking at the different uses of hedges in our hedging strategy in Ohio.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then last one for me. The Tietê comments about how power prices are now higher, is there a rough sense of what the incremental year-over-year EPS impact will be for that contractual rollover now?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: The contractual rollover, I mean, the current contract is at BRL 195 per megawatt hour. It expires in late 2015. It's a contract between Tietê and Eletropaulo. There are contracts being signed now. There was an A0 [ph] auction but it had to be energy was available now. That's what A0 [ph] means, close to those levels actually, actually higher than those levels. And so again our strategy of having sort of not committed all of these energy early and having done it over time I think is playing favorably. And if those continue, we could see a potential upside. I mean what's in our forecast is an average price of around BRL 125 per megawatt hour. And currently, the 68% that we have is 119 megawatts -- BRL 119 per megawatt hour. So this could be -- for every $0.10 above an average price of BRL 10, that's about $0.01 for us in terms of adjusted EPS.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So a slight uptick is embedded in the forecast from '14 to '16 based on where you think the contractual prices could go. Is that correct?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Actually, I think that we're conservative given where we're at today, at today's prices, because again we have BRL 119 is our average price for 68% And we still have to contract 1/3 more. And if we contracted those, say -- to get to our BRL 125, you're probably talking about $1.30 up or BRL 1.35 per megawatt hour. Now if we contract higher than that and realize that if you go out to, let's say, 2018, we're 2/3 open. So I think there's a potential for an upside. I certainly don't think that our numbers are high.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: In fourth quarter, you provided a long-term outlook for adjusted EPS. And I just wanted to make sure I understood the comments today and how it might impact that. 2015 was 4% to 6%, 4% to 6% growth? I'm still assuming that's the case. 2016, flat. And then 2017, 2018, you're going from 6% to 8%, to 8% to 10%? Is that correct?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's correct.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the change in 2017 to 2018, you've got a $0.02 headwind because of the Chilean emissions tax. What's offsetting that, that gets you the 2% growth bump?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: There are of course many moving pieces and one I'd say is the Chilean green tax, we have to see the final form, but that's a potential downside at this side. There are many things that could improve. I mean some of the adjacencies and enhancements, not all of those were in our forecast. And you also have the potential for higher re-contracting prices, for example, at Tietê. So we don't -- we're not moving from those numbers. And we think that we have enough offsets to compensate for any green tax in Chile.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: But going from 6% to 8% average annual growth in 2017 to 2018, the 8% to 10% is it just an increase in your confidence or is that project specific?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: No. No, there's a number of projects. I mean you realize that we have 4,100 megawatts under construction today. So you have Mong Duong coming online, you have -- in that time period, you would have the -- you'll have about -- besides Mong Duong, you have a number of other plants coming online that time period. So this is not, sort of, just uptick in our confidence it's basically plants that are coming online, including OPGC II, including -- in that timeframe, you would have Alto Maipo as well. So it's really most of it is just based on the construction projects coming online.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So there's just been an acceleration of the commercial operations?
Ahmed Pasha: Just to be clear, Charles, this is Ahmed, just to be clear there's no change in our outlook that we provided back in December. So EPS growth rate, we talked about 4% to 6%, 4% to 6% to 8%, and then you have a dividend yield. So the total return we are talking about is 8% to 10%, so the EPS growth, just to be clear.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. The 8% to 10% is total and the 6% to 8% in '17, '18 still stands?
Ahmed Pasha: Yes. So the EPS growth rate remains intact, no change, so is the cash flow.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Kania with Wolfe Research.
Alex Kania - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just a quick question. Can you comment on just the coal piles in Indiana and Ohio, how they look relative to how you like to usually have them in -- going to the summer?
Andrew Martin Vesey: Alex, this is Andy Vesey. We're okay. I mean we're right where we think we need to be. And we monitor that on a regular basis. We manage our coal procurement globally. So we're relatively comfortable with the current inventory levels that we have.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Gildersleeve with Millennium Partners.
Jeff Gildersleeve: I just wanted to ask, Tom, on the -- you went over certain cash management efforts, minimum cash balances and review of existing project financed structures. Could you just repeat that, and maybe explain how that's transforming? And is it just for this year or is it something that would have an ongoing impact on the cash flow of the business?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, Jeff, happy to cover it. I'd say in general, we have unrestricted cash on a proportional basis. Year end was about $1.3 billion -- around $1.3 billion and we have a target to bring that down to about $1 billion by year end. That's different than the unrestricted cash you see in our financials because that's consolidated. So the number we focus more is on our proportional numbers just as we do on everything. So we are looking at working capital issues, looking at cash balances within our project financed structures, looking at seasonality, working capital, also see in some cases whether we can pool, if you will, on a modest basis some adjacent businesses that may have some offsetting working capital issues. So it's a couple of things. One, we do expect to make a press down this year. Some of this will be -- will not be classified as proportional free cash flow, some of it may be return capital but it's all cash so it all helps. So we think there'll be some benefits this year. But on an ongoing basis, we would expect to continue to make improvements from cash flow. And some of that goes into some of the structures as we -- Andres went through some of the growth that we're doing. We're very mindful of working capital requirements and restricted cash requirements in our growth. I think historically perhaps we weren't as mindful so we've got cash trapped in a lot of places. That is very fundamental to our investment decision and structural decisions.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: We've taken, really, lessons learned and making sure that our new contracts, that we really have the ability to spend out the cash, unrestricted versus in the past. We've also restructured a lot of our debt. I mean we've had $8 billion of refinancing over the last year of subsidiary debt. And so all told, we are making structural changes to make it -- to reduce the amount of restricted cash that we have.
Operator: And our next question is from Raymond Leung with Goldman Sachs.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just to follow on Jeff's question, actually. He started to ask about what I wanted to talk about. How do you -- how should we think about for you to work on working capital or just restructuring some of your project financed, what does that do to maybe your subsidiary distributions? Do you think that or should we think this is more onetime in nature? And sort of what's your timing or sustainability of getting cash out? Is it more of a ongoing cash flow stream versus onetime in nature? I guess it sounds like you're targeting $300 million for that. And if you can address that, and also are you guys still projecting $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion for subsidiary distribution for the year, if you could update us on that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Let me take, sort of backwards the first -- last one, yes. We are maintaining the same projections. I think, getting to your question, again, we are -- when we are doing refinancings, when we're doing restructurings, when we're doing a growth project, what we're incorporating is the ability, the greatest ability possible to be able to upstream that cash. So we are making structural changes to that. I don't know, Tom, do you want to add something too? I mean it's really an ongoing process.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: It's ongoing process. I'd say it was factored in when we talk about 10% to 15% proportional free cash flow growth for the next 5 years, it was very much factored into that. We continue to look at ways obviously to be at the higher end of that range. And some of this will be used within the businesses. Some of this would be used to pay down debt in the businesses, use money more effectively. Some of it may also be used for subsidiary distributions, which obviously helps Parent free cash flow.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I think one of the things -- one of our great challenges is to take this very rapid cash flow growth and to turn it into earnings growth on a per-share basis. So that's one of the big challenges that we're grappling with.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I mean what would be the optimal number of this unrestricted cash? I think you said $1.3 billion at year end, would like to get it down to $1 billion, what sort of, any thoughts on where you'd like it to get to?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: We're looking through that. I think $1 billion is a reasonable target for year end '14. We have objectives to obviously get lower. I'd be a little ahead of skis if I put an objective down. Some of it, frankly, is restructuring some of our agreements and also trying to work some of the seasonality in the businesses. So we certainly think we can make more improvements to get lower than $1 billion in the future. Maybe it will provide a target but I'd probably be a little ahead of myself if I put one out right now.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just my last question, just back to DPL I guess you guys noted that you had operational challenges at DPL. It sounded like it was more gas plants. Can you talk about how the coal plants performed during the quarter, during the vortex, what are your operational challenges there and then so, what sort of -- what are triggers there?
Andrew Martin Vesey: Raymond, this is Andy Vesey. It wasn't just gas. We had some baseload units out notably in the first cold snap. One of the Zimmer units were out and that's one that we're co-tending, we don't operate. But we also had outages at Stuart. So collectively that represents almost 600 megawatts. Now these were very short outages from 5 to 7 days and actually Zimmer was ready to come back but we didn't have the gas for start-up. So when you think about -- the thing that was the major impact that we had from the gas was on our gas turbines, which we would have called in. We didn't have them. So the performance of the baseload units were impacting this period. We don't view the performance of these major coal units as problematic but as part of our overall review of our performance during January, we will be looking again as to what are the things we can do to basically improve performance and bring that equal [ph] rate down. Because that will have to be a very important part of our commercial strategy going forward.
Ahmed Pasha: Angela, can we take one last question, please?
Operator: Yes, our last question for today is from Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andrew Levi: I'm not really left with much. I guess the only thing that I'm kind of curious about and kind of goes around Jeff's question as well, is obviously you're trying very, very hard to unlock the value of the company, whether it's through asset sales, stock buyback, but it does seem that you have an awful lot of cash available. Is there -- are there any other things that you guys are thinking about as far as trying to unlock value for the shareholders? Something more radical as I would assume you get frustrated with the stock as far as its value and kind of where it's stuck?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well certainly, as I said, we think that we are -- our stock is an attractive value. Now I would say that in terms of the things that we're doing, I mean these do take some time, this is a big company. What we feel very good about is how our strategy of thinking differently about our capital, about how we bring in partners, about how we do add-ons is -- we think making -- getting significant traction and that is really how we'll create growth. I mean people talk a lot about yield cos. What we're doing is quite frankly, bringing the partners in at the project level, getting a promote or getting management fees and other ways of increasing our return on capital. If we think about on the efficiency side by having a more focused geographic footprint, we've been able to cut -- we're getting close to 1/3 of our overhead. And we're starting now to look at O&M. And we have in our plans to cut about 11% of addressable O&M over the next -- through 2018. So we feel very good about what's been under our control. I mean we've had a difficult quarter. Part of that was some of the outages at DP&L, which we discussed. Looking for the rest of the year, second half, we're looking at a difficult hydrological situation. But if we think about the value that we've created by our active measures, we think these outweigh the sort of onetime event of a drought. And we will emerge from this situation with a portfolio that is less, say, vulnerable to droughts because we're creating the real option. So overall, I feel very optimistic about the path of the company. And I think that this will be recognized. And some of those things that we're doing is new. How we're thinking about capital is new. And I think we have to prove ourselves and that's what we're trying very hard to do.
Andrew Levi: And then -- and there's no doubt that you're doing that. I guess what I was kind of thinking was -- I mean obviously the DPL, you have to sell those assets, and see what you get as proceeds. And I guess most of the proceeds are at this point scheduled to pay down debt, assuming you get those proceeds.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's correct.
Andrew Levi: But there is an awful lot of kind of cash available to you. And with the stock where it is, trying to do something a little bit more radical, whether it's a more immediate buyback such as like a Dutch auction or something like that, to try to unlock the value there and reward the shareholders. I don't know anything -- maybe not that specific but you understand what I'm saying, something more...
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I understand completely. Count on us -- we, as I said, we see one of our challenges to convert our strong free cash flow and our strong free cash flow growth into value for our shareholders. And certainly, we were open to any ideas. Of course we have a plan that we're executing on and very clearly our objective is really increasing value per share, total return per share value. And that's what we're focused on. And I think if you look at our track record, we've done that and we will continue to do that.
Operator: And we're showing no additional questions at this time.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay. Thanks, guys. Thank you, I appreciate your help.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - VP, IR Andres Gluski - CEO Tom O'Flynn - CFO Andrew Vesey - COO
Analysts: Jon Cohen - ISI Group, Inc. Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. All participants will be in a listen-only mode for the duration of today's call. During the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) This call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. The host of today's call is Ahmed Pasha. Thank you and you may now begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Alicia. Good morning and welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available at our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during this call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me today are Andres Gluski, our Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, let me turn the call over to Andres. Andres?
Andres Gluski: Good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Today I will briefly cover our results and the progress we have made on our strategic plan. Then Tom will give a detailed discussion of our results, as well as our expectations for the future. After that I will provide additional color on our plan to drive our growth going forward. Turning first to our results on Slide 4. As I look back on 2013 I am pleased to report that we achieved strong results. We met or exceeded our guidance for every metric and that is due to the hard work and dedication of our entire team. In the fourth quarter we earned $0.29 of adjusted EPS, which is $0.02 less than what we earned in 2012, due to a $0.02 headwind from poor hydrology and a $0.04 expense related to potential customer refunds at Eletropaulo. For the full year 2013 we earned adjusted EPS of $1.29, which is a new high and 7% above 2012. We achieved these results despite a $0.13 impact on earnings in 2013 from the unprecedented drought in Latin America. This was offset by capital allocation, lower G&A expenses, and lower effective tax rate. Over the past two years our adjusted EPS has grown on average by more than 8% annual. Turning to cash flow. Our fourth quarter proportional free cash flow grew by 19% over 2012, driven primarily by higher operating cash flow. Our full year 2013 proportional free cash flow was $1.25 billion and represents a free cash flow yield of 12%. Since 2011 our proportional free cash flow has grown on average 13% annually, reflecting our strong cash flows and in accordance with our dividend policy, we increased our dividend payment by 25% to $0.05 per share each quarter beginning in the first quarter of 2014. Now, turning to Slide 5. I believe our results to-date show our commitment to grow shareholder value through the three main strategic objectives we set forth in 2011. Improving the profitability of the company through overhead reduction and making greater use of our portfolio synergies and scale economies, narrowing our geographic focus by concentrating our growth on platform expansion in those markets where we have a sustainable competitive advantage and exiting those markets where we do not, and optimizing our capital allocation to compete our growth projects risk adjusted returns against the benefit of share buybacks and debt paydowns. Turning to Slide 6. During the year, we were able to close or announce $497 million in asset sales, bringing our total to $1.4 billion since we started the program in September of 2011. We have simplified our portfolio and we now operate in 20 countries, down from 28, two years ago. As you can see on Slide 7, the funds from these sales contributed to our available discretionary cash, which we have used to maximize the risk adjusted return to our shareholders. In fact, since 2011, we have paid down a $1 billion in debt; we have bought back 59 million shares for $711 million at an average price $12.03 per share and reduced our share count by 8%. Lastly, turning to Slide 8. We achieved an additional $53 million in sustainable overhead savings in 2013, bringing our total to $143 million for a reduction of more than 30% over the past two years. Last quarter, we increased the targeted reduction in our overhead run rate to $200 million by 2015. Now, before I walk you through our long-term plan, let me turn this call over to Tom, who will provide additional detail on our results and our expectations for growth in earnings and cash flow over the next five years.
Tom O'Flynn: Thanks, Andres, good morning everyone. First, I will cover our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results, then I will discuss our 2014 guidance, capital allocation plans, and then our longer-term outlook. Let me first address the quarter on Slide 10. Our fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.29 this year versus $0.31 a year ago. Performance was driven by three issues in our Brazil, and our Mexico, Central America and Caribbean or MCAC, Strategic Business Units or SBUs. We experienced a reduction of Sul related to the tariff reset in April of 2013, as expected, one-time expense of $0.04 per share potential customer refunds Electropaulo and continued poor hydrology in Panama, which I will discuss shortly. Alongside these items we had a better operating performance in our U.S., in our Europe, Middle East and Africa or EMEA SBUs. This performance was offset by anticipated declines at Andes for planned maintenance and Masinloc in Asia where our new 7-year contract is below 2012 is relatively high stock prices. Additionally debt repayment in early 2013 and lower parent interest expense made positive contributions. We also had a $0.05 benefit from a lower than expected effective tax rate of 18% versus 30% largely driven by one-time items including favorable resolution certain tax issues. Although excluded from our adjusted EPS of $0.29, we took a goodwill impairment charge at DPL of $0.41 per share. DPL's recent rate case resolution provides clarity for 2016. However lower expectations for dark spreads and capacity prices represent challenges for this business in longer-term. As a result, DPL recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment of $370 million in the quarter. Let me provide a couple of business updates. At DPL in the U.S., we are seeking to have the Ohio Commission approve our plan to transfer our generation assets to an affiliated Genco by May 2017. We'll explore all potential options to optimize the solution and we recently began to evaluate the sale of DPL generation asset to an unaffiliated third-party through a potential sale. Obviously we can't comment much as we're in the very early stage of this process. Now turning to Maritza in Bulgaria. The plant has been running very well with excellent availability and we've received a $150 million of payment since our last call. Currently we have approximately $160 million of receivable, with $72 million is due in installments over the next 10 months and the majority of the remaining amount is less than 60 days outstanding. Now turning to Slide 11, before I discuss our full year 2013 adjusted PTC and adjusted EPS results, I'll cover hydrology, which resulted in a negative adjusted PTC impact of $124 million or $0.13 per share in 2013. Hydrology was low across almost all of Latin America last year. Two quarters or $0.10 of the impact was in Panama, as you see in the right hand side of the slide. In Panama roughly 60% of the generation capacity is hydro, with limited reservoir capacity, making the market more sensitive to rainfall. We've taken some steps to mitigate our exposure to these pressures to capping some contracts at actual production levels. Although Panama is in its typical dry season now, we're seeing water inflows in 2014 that have been below average so far. In Brazil, the hydrology risk is reduced through risk sharing mechanism at all generators. Therefore, Tietê impact from hydrology tends to be moderate in most weather conditions except in the cases of a severe system wide drought. Brazil is currently in its rainy season, with 2014 has been below average so far. Current reservoir levels are roughly 39%, which is lower than the 46% level this time last year, and the historical average of 68%. Having said that, reservoir levels will be dependent on the rainy season, which runs through April. In Columbia, hydro risk is reduced by our significant reservoir capacity. Based on our current forecast, we anticipate normal hydro conditions in Columbia during 2014.
 : Next, I will walk through adjusted PTC drivers for 2013. Turning to Slide 12, our SBUs generated $1.8 billion of PTC before $600 million of corporate charges. As you can see, our earnings are well diversified across our SBUs. Now to Slide 13, which shows a comparison of our adjusted PTC performance relative to the expectation we provided in May of last year. We achieved $1.2 billion of adjusted PTC, which is in the range we forecasted but with a different mix. U.S. outperformed our expectations due to lower than expected customer switching in DPL. Andes and MCAC were below the expected ranges mainly due to lower hydro and higher energy purchase cost. In Brazil, adjusted PTC was affected by a lower demand at Sul as well as the Eletropaulo charge I mentioned earlier. Finally, EMEA and Asia were in line with expectations. As you see on Slide 14, this year we overcame significant impacts from poor hydrology and the provision related to potential customer refunds in Brazil, increased our adjusted EPS to $1.29 per share. We benefited from capital allocation, lower global G&A and a lower effective tax rate of 21% versus 32% in 2012. Moving on to cash flow, beginning on Slide 15, for 2013 proportional free cash flow of $1.16 billion surpassed our guidance range of $750 million to $1.05 billion. As you may know, we define this as net cash from operations less maintenance capital expenditures, which includes all environmental capital expenditures. We have modified this now to exclude recoverable environmental CapEx as it makes more sense to treat these investments as growth CapEx that will increase earnings. For 2013, this represents a MATS-related CapEx at IPL. Using this methodology, proportional free cash flow in 2013 was $1.27 billion. The results were above the top end of our guidance range for 2013 as defined on the same basis. This improvement was largely driven by lower maintenance CapEx some of which we have pushed into 2014. In 2013, we used more than $560 million of our proportionate free cash flow to paydown non-recourse debt at our subsidiaries. This is consistent with paydowns in recent years. This debt paydown at subsidiaries create equity value we can capture through improved growth capacity, proceeds from refinancings, or other distributions. The remaining cash is available for use at the SUBs and the parent. Turning to Slide 16, in our 2013 parent capital allocation activity. During 2013, we had $1.2 billion of discretionary cash available including parent free cash flow. As you may remember, we forecasted '13 parent free cash flow in the range of $400 million to $500 million. We came in above this range at $516 million. This was largely driven by better operating performance at our Kilroot plant in Northern Ireland as well as reductions in parent interest. We've invested roughly 82% of those cash in deleveraging and returning cash to shareholders. Next on to Slide 17, I will discuss guidance beginning with 2014 adjusted EPS. We expect our SBU level adjusted PTC contributions to grow by roughly 8% to $2 billion. We anticipate growth at our Andes, Brazil, MCAC, and EMEA SBUs, which is largely driven by a combination with improvement in hydrology, higher availability and improved efficiencies across our portfolio. As I discussed earlier, hydrology had a $0.13 negative impact in 2013, and improvement is the most significant positive swing in our guidance this year. We expect our U.S. and Asia SBUs be flat or modestly down. In light of the devaluation of the Argentine Peso, I'd like to point out that we expect about $60 million of PTC from Argentina, which is less than 3% of our annual PTC. Growth from our other SBUs be largely offset by increased tax rate in the roughly 30% range versus 21% in 2013. Bottom line is we expect to earn adjusted EPS of $1.30 to $1.38. Growth in '14 will be mostly driven by improved operations, cost efficiencies, and capital allocation, partially offset by higher tax rate. Now to Slide 18, and our longer-term adjusted EPS expectations. Today we reaffirmed our target through '15 and initiated our longer-term outlook, which combined with our current dividend offers an attractive total return, particularly given our valuation. We're driving future grow through multiple levers, including improving profitability, platform expansions, and opportunistic capital allocation. For 2015 we see year-to-year adjusted EPS growth of 46%, consistent with our prior expectations. This is largely driven by positive contributions from completed construction projects including Mong Duong in Vietnam, and IPP4 in Jordan, as well as capital allocation. For 2016, we expect flat to modest growth. Despite the fact we anticipate an $0.11 drop or roughly 8% of our earnings at Tietê and DPL. At Tietê where our existing contract with Eletropaulo were transitioned to market prices at the end of 2015, we're anticipating impact of about $0.08. Further lower capacity prices in PJM and DPL rose out in a drop of about $0.03. However this impact is more than offset by continued contributions from completed construction projects in Chile, rate base growth at IPL, a full year of operations at Mong Duong and capital allocation. We appreciate that this is below our growth trend line. Having said that 2016 is still a couple of years out and we need some time to work on improving this outlook. In 2017 and 2018, we expect 6% to 8% average annual growth. Our performance will be driven by contributions from the Alto Maipo and OPGC projects currently under construction, cost reductions, and capital allocation. Our 2014 to 2018 outlook is based on foreign currency exchange rate and commodity curves as of year-end '13 but do not change much in last couple of months. In general the forward curves imply an appreciating U.S. Dollar against most currencies over the next few years, shows a negative impact on our earnings by a couple of cents each year saving 1 percentage points to 2 percentage points of our growth rates. Regarding tax rate, we're projecting effective tax rate in the low to mid 30% range, which assumes an expansion of the CFC look-through rule and the impact of roughly $600 million of additional assets sales by 2015. It's also worth mentioning these asset sales tend to be modestly dilutive with key assumptions and sensitivities in the appendix. Now to cash flow on Slide 19. In 2014 we expect our proportional free cash flow to be roughly $1.2 billion. Consistent with our expectations for adjusted PTC we're expecting an increase proportional free cash flow contributions from Andes, Brazil, and MCAC, partially offset by fewer contract modification. A relatively flat comparison with '13 reflects $100 million impact of a combination of higher environmental CapEx at Gener and the sale of our business in Cameroon. Beyond '14 we're targeting growth on average of 10% to 15% annually. The main reason that the proportional free cash flow will grow faster than the earnings include first the expected contributions from our ongoing construction projects as they come online will depreciate much greater than maintenance CapEx. This is consistent with our current operating portfolio where our 2013 proportional depreciation was roughly $975 million and proportional maintenance CapEx was $610 million; second, the lease accounting treatment from Mong Duong where cash flow is higher than earnings due to levelization of a 25 year PPA; and third, the completion of environmental CapEx in Chile. Turning to our 2014 parent capital allocation on Slide 20. We expect that roughly $900 million of discretionary cash, which assumes only announced asset sales and they grow from additional monetization activities. This includes approximately $500 million to parent free cash flow which we expect to grow in line with the 10% to 15% growth we're targeting in our proportional free cash flow. In terms of planned uses, we anticipate paying down a $140 million of corporate debt, a $110 million of which has already been done. Another $145 million is year marked for dividend. We recognize that this is at the low end of our 30% to 40% payout ratio and see room to increase our dividend as our parent free cash flow grows. We intend to invest roughly $100 million in the upcoming Gener capital raise. After other commitments we've already laid out, we have $200 million to $300 million of discretionary cash for capital allocation. In that context I'll note that our additional equity requirements beyond '14 for our projects currently under construction is $400 million and our current stock buyback authorization is approximately $190 million. As we demonstrated we're committed to investing in our shares as evidenced by our repurchase of 20 million shares for $260 million on a single day last December. Overall we believe that our portfolio is well positioned to deliver an attractive risk adjusted return. The growth in our free cash flow will allow us to continue to create value for our shareholders. With that, I'll now turn it back to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thanks, Tom. Now turning to Slide 21, I'd like to give you some color on where we will focus our efforts over the next several years. As Tom just reviewed, we see strong growth in our proportional free cash flow of 10% to 15% annually. We plan to allocate this cash to create value for our shareholders and drive higher earnings growth, which we see accelerating in 2017 and beyond. We will achieve our future growth by focusing our efforts on the following four strategic levers, performance excellence, reducing complexity, expanding access to capital, and leveraging our platforms. Let me walk you through each of these in more detail. First, our results are based on achieving performance excellence, not only at our operating businesses but also at our corporate headquarters. Our objective is to be the low cost manager of a portfolio of businesses from which synergies and economies of scale can be derived. As I discussed earlier, our global G&A costs are one-third lower than they were two years ago. Through the consistent application of our rigorous asset management framework we have established ourselves as a high performance operator as evidenced by our three consecutive Edison International awards since 2011. Nonetheless, there is still room for further improvement and we will continue to use our Six Sigma life program called APEX for AES performance excellence to help drive additional efficiencies. Second, in an effort to continue to reduce our complexity, we have exited many of the markets where we do not have a competitive advantage and reorganize our businesses into six market facing strategic business units. We have also expanded our disclosure to help investors better appreciate the underlying drivers of our business. We will continue to simply our portfolio and to look for opportunities to harvest capital that can be redeployed to yield better return. To that end we will generate another $500 million to $700 million in asset sale proceeds by 2015. We believe that in the longer-term, we will operating in no more than 15 to 16 countries. This focus enable us to spend more time engaging with stakeholders in our key markets and allows us to manage our businesses more efficiently, lowering our all-in costs per megawatt hour produced and sold. Third, we're working to expand our access to capital markets through strategic partnership at the project level in accessing niche financing like pension funds in Chile. Having partnered at the project level allows us to sculpt that portfolio to maximize risk adjusted return for our shareholders. For example, last year we closed $500 million of partnerships including Antofagasta Minerals and our Alto Maipo hydro project in Chile, and Google at our Mount Signal Solar project in California. We are currently working on several more partnership opportunities including selling down a portion of our equity stake in some existing businesses and bringing on equity partners with low cost financing or offering a TPA for our development projects. Our strong competitive position in operating a construction track record provides potential partners with superior investment opportunities, while increasing returns on our equity. And fourth, we will continue to leverage our platforms by focusing our growth in our current markets to take full advantage of our existing infrastructure, local knowledge, permits, and presence. A reflection of this focus on platform expansion is a number of twos and threes following the names of many of our growth projects such as Ventana III and IV, Guacolda III and IV and now even V. They are literally Brownfield expansions from existing plant. We have many similar platform expansion opportunities across our development pipeline of 6000 megawatts, including the expansion of our existing facilities in the Philippine, India, and Dominican Republic, continued expansion of AES Gener in Chile, new generation opportunities in Columbia and Mexico, IPL's Eagle Valley combined cycle gas plant and the repowering of Southland. In addition to expanding our generation facilities we're continuing to build out adjacent businesses such as energy storage and water desalinization plants. We are also investing in enhancements such as adding fogging technology on combustion turbines at our gas plant or getting more megawatt out of our hydro plant water intake structures. Such projects have a much shorter development and construction period than traditional Greenfield projects. As a result of these advantages, we are seeing returns well in excess of 20% from these adjacencies and enhancements. We aim to be earning at least $40 million in pre-tax earnings from these efforts by 2015. To that end, we will continue to develop and invest in new energy storage project. AES is already the world's largest grid scale energy storage operator. With more than 170 megawatt of resource currently in operation and we have another 40 megawatt project currently under construction in Chile adjacent to our Cochrane plant. We are actively developing other energy storage opportunities at our existing platforms in California, the Philippines, Northern Ireland, and Puerto Rico. In addition to energy storage, several other adjacent projects are well underway including a 20 megawatt capacity expansion at our Chivor hydro facility in Columbia and 800 cubic meter per hour desalination facility at our Angamos plant in Chile and more than a 100 megawatt of additional capacity through fogging enhancements of some of our combustion turbulence. I would add that the cost of these additional 100 megawatt was approximately $10 million, making them the lowest cost capacity additions in our history. Turning to Slide 22, I'm pleased to report that we are making tangible progress on our pipeline of platform expansions. Since our last call in November we've made significant progress on advancing two large power projects. First, we closed $1.2 billion in long-term non-recourse financing for the 531 megawatt Alto Maipo hydro electric project in Chile. This project is an expansion of our existing 178 megawatt Alfalfal facility, which will benefit from its proximity to Santiago and will diversify AES Gener's energy mix in a growing market. Given that most of our equity in this project will be funded through operating cash flow at Gener, we will only be contributing $100 million of capital from AES Corp. In the Indian state of Odisha, OPGC, a company in which we have held a 49% interest for more than 10 years, broke ground on the 1320 megawatt expansion of its existing 420 megawatt power plant. We have already secured $1.2 billion in low cost, long-term, non-recourse financing to fund 75% of the project all in local currency. We expect our total equity commitment to be around $225 million, of which $100 million will be largely met through our share of cash-on-hand at OPGC and the balance will be funded by contributions from AES in 2016. The project benefits from low cost local coal, a partnership with the Government of Odisha, a PPA with OPGC's current offtaker and the rapidly growing demand for liquidity in and around the state of Odisha. Now turning to Slide 23, we currently have 4,000 megawatts of new capacity under construction, including the two projects I just discussed as well as Mong Duong in Vietnam and two other projects in Chile, Cochrane and Guacolda V. All of these projects are expected to come online over the next five years. As I previously mentioned, in addition to our projects under construction, we have a development pipeline of more than 6000 megawatts, including platform expansion to IPL, Masinloc in the Philippines, and Southland in California. The fact the project is currently under construction, we're making good progress on the environmental upgrade of 2400 megawatts at Indianapolis Power and Light with a total investment of $500 million. This investment will bring our plants into compliance with current environmental regulation and will earn a regulator return on our equity investments of $230 million. As you can see on Slide 24, the total cost of the project I just discussed is about $8 billion. The majority of this cost is funded by already secured non-recourse financing. More importantly our share of the equity in these projects is approximately $1.25 billion, two-thirds of which is already funded. We will contribute the remaining $400 billion through 2016. In terms of the blended return on investment, we're expecting a 14% return on our equity and a cash-on-cash return of approximately 18%. Now turning to Slide 25. In summary 2013 was a strong year despite facing considerable headwinds and we continue to deliver on our commitment. Going forward, our growth will be driven by our 4,000 megawatt of project under construction and rate based growth at IPL, which is already largely funded. Performance excellence, including $200 million in cost reductions by 2015, and plan for additional savings beyond that date, and allocating our growing free cash flow to maximize risk adjusted returns for our shareholders. The bottom line is that our portfolio generates a 12% free cash flow yield and we expect our cash to grow at 10% to 15% annually. As our parent free cash flow grows, we see room to increase our dividends in line with our policy of paying 30% to 40% of our sustainable parent free cash flow. And finally as we continue to execute on our strategy, we expect our total return to grow from the range of 6% to 8% to a range of 8% to 10%. Operator, I'd now like to open up the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jon Cohen, and your line is now open.
Jon Cohen - ISI Group, Inc.: Actually I have a bunch of questions, maybe I'll ask a couple and then I'll get back into the queue. First a clarification, 2014 guidance, does that assume normal hydro conditions or kind of what you're seeing today and your best guess is where the reservoir levels are going to be?
Andres Gluski: Excuse me. That takes into consideration what we discussed on the call. In terms of a slightly lower hydro conditions overall and including Panama, it also includes the actions that we have taken to make ourselves say less sensitive to low hydrology than we had last year.
Jon Cohen - ISI Group, Inc.: So if we see another year that similar to 2013, would you still be in 130 to 138 range?
Andres Gluski: Given what our projections take into account what we've seen at hydrology, we expect some recovery and yes, that would put us within that range.
Jon Cohen - ISI Group, Inc.: And then Tom, can you just give us a sense of how proportional free cash flow will translate into parent free cash flow. So there -- is there a leverage, is there like a dollar for dollar dropdown from proportional to parent. So parent actually growing faster or should parent grow around the same as what proportional is growing at?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes, I think parent will grow around the same. So we see a proportional free cash flow growing 10% to 15%. There could be cases when the parent can grow more because it’s a little more leveraged let's say -- is -- is that the further on down the chain. The one thing I do want to point out is that, I just made sure it was clear, lot of proportional free cash flow debt go to debt paydown at the subs. And we generally say it's around 500 last year, its 560. So that doesn't increase the value of the subs, the subs increases the value to us and that we get that through growth or through other distributions. In some cases the parent cash flow can grow faster than proportional free cash flow because of return of capital. And in the slide well we showed a little bit of return of capital last year.
Jon Cohen - ISI Group, Inc.: And I'll ask just one more, in terms of how you think about your packing order preference for capital allocation between buybacks and dividend growth and debt paydown, how do you actually go about doing that. I mean it would seem that given your current PE multiple and the fact that you have a nice pickup in EPS growth in '17 and '18 that it would be hard to find opportunities that are more accretive than buybacks, so you would rather do buybacks than dividends or paying down debt. I mean do you agree with that or do you look at it some other way?
Tom O'Flynn: The way I think is we have a balanced approach and I think we've shown that. I think we have to look at the long-term growth of the company. I think the returns that we're getting especially on some of the adjacencies are very attractive and compete with anything. And so we'll continue to do that, take a balanced approach and we will complete new projects versus buying back our shares or paying down debt. So I think we'll continue to do what we've shown we've done and taking into balance what we see as sort of the long-term growth of the company and the other one offer opportunities to buy back our shares at an attractive price.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin and your line is now open.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: On Slide 39 the CFC extension that’s incorporated into your tax rate guidance, could you give us a sense of just CFC extension does not occur, what the change to your guidance impact might be?
Andres Gluski: Sure, I mean what it does, I mean -- this -- we are let's say protected through the end of this year due to the actions that we took in the past. It would depend of course but I would say somewhere around $0.10 is about -- could be a little bit more, could be a bit less but that's, that's more or less where that sensitivity is.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And if the CFC is not extended that impact is something that should affect the ongoing outlook, right, that's not just a one-time event. Is that the right way to think about that?
Andres Gluski: Well it's -- that would be a change and I quite frankly say tax policy but going forward. So I think that yes, that's correct. Now what is important I think to keep in mind this will be non-cash for us. We have a stock of NOLs around $2 billion and we continue to generate NOLs and so this would not affect us from our cash generation point of view.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then one last topic for me. On Slide 42, so you've given out the commodity exposures for 2016. In your old slide for this, for 2015 you used to have that coal had a directional sensitivity that was in the same direction as gas and oil. In this slide your coal directional sensitivity is opposite gas and oil, can you just give some color as to why that is?
Andres Gluski: Well, certainly we have it should be the opposite it should be cheaper gas.
Andrew Vesey: So Brian it was negative, it was just reassured but it was negative to gas, even at that time so there's no change of the sensitivity.
Andres Gluski: Brian, by the way, one thing I'd like to clarify on your question regarding CFC look-through rule that's sort of $0.10 but again we're going to take additional steps if we see that this is going to happen. So just like in the past if you recall two years ago, we said we had more of the same sensitivity. We were all able to offset that. So we're going to take steps but before we had those steps actually in hand that's what the sensitivity would be.
Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But on this -- going back to this commodity exposure slide is just a function of fact that you're hedged in '15 a certain way but you're not hedged in '16 and so that's why the directional differences have flip-flopped is that right?
Andres Gluski: That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities: So first on the Ohio sale, could you elaborate just a little bit specifically would that include the non-bypass revenues, what exactly is contemplated for sale and what's the timeline here? And may be also to clarify how would you treat the generation portion of DPL in your earnings guidance given the fact that prior sales would be consolidated and treated as discontinued ops?
Tom O'Flynn: Julien, its Tom. So we did file an application for our separation. We filed an application that was referring nature shortly before New Year's in '13. We filed a little more detailed application. Yesterday that should be available via PUCO website. Basically gives a little more color on the methodology of separating the DP&L generation assets into a gentle affiliate. We're doing that layout that we've also begin to consider potential sale of the full DP&L's 3,000 megawatts plus generation fleet. We're doing that layout that we believe that if we do that the transition charges at the NBC and other related revenue stream should be retained by DP&L TND and the arguments that are laid out there that we think are very solid in the process. Just with respect to the process, we are just beginning. So as I said in my comments are kind of too soon to give any commentary. On the disc ops I'll have to get back to on that one in terms of I don't think it's a separate business, so I think it would change kind of midstream as opposed to get disc ops during the year but we're still working through that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities: Any terms on what the EPS contributions from that business is this year and going on if you can just extract out the DPL portion and two generation portion?
Andres Gluski: Well I just say that if we can sell the generation on reasonable terms it could be modestly accretive.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities: And then just looking at the cash flow growth number you talked about the environmental CapEx offset and the maintenance CapEx kind of shifts. Can you talk about how much is environmental CapEx and how much is that broken out between Chile and as well as IPL is probably in there as well?
Andres Gluski: Okay. So gross numbers. The program we have at IPL we're operating at 2400 megawatts is about $500 million. The programs we have in Chile are around $200 million. And so the Chile -- that the difference in the sense that the ones at IPL become partner rate-based and the ones in Chile do not. And so the ones in Chile again we expect to complete by '14.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities: So that's a key driver in terms of the improvement in 10%?
Andres Gluski: It really is the biggest driver. It's the biggest driver of the improvement and with number of components to it but if you look at sustained cash flow improvement proportional free cash flow the biggest driver is out at Chile.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities: And then just one more if you don't mind. On the solar side, obviously there were some conversation last year about reevaluating the business where do you stand today in terms of that process, either selling down a further stake in that or monetizing it otherwise?
Andres Gluski: Well, I think we showed on the past that we are looking at various options and we will continue to look at various options and see really what's the best outcome for us and our partners at Riverstone.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities: Would you describe that if I push you a little bit further in terms of priorities amongst exiting other countries or relative to existing other countries is this a priority in '14? 
Andres Gluski: I would like so it's important to us to continue to look at this, but I'm not going to sort of rank them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris (inaudible).
Unidentified Analyst: I had a question first on your free cash flow, your proportional free cash flow guidance through 2018. It's a pretty nice number to see and it's a pretty long time horizon to layout guidance for. First, could you give us a little bit more color on that versus what you gave in the slides? In other words, those are going to be lumpy, those are going to be consistent and what was behind your decision to kind of give that number that far out and same thing for EPS versus your previous comments that you would just kind of talk about everything through 2015?
Andres Gluski: First in terms of giving a sort of a longer-term planned horizon, as we're seeing our strategies play out and we're seeing the results of that strategy, we felt more confident in terms of being able to give a longer view of where the business would be going. To specifically answer the question of cash flow, there will be some lumpiness obviously because one of the key driver is when new plants come online. So we really have two things going on. One is to the extent that we can get some of the shorter term sort of adjacencies and enhancements and other profit improvements also will contribute in the shorter term and the other longer term will be when the newer plants come online. And as you can see we have a lot of plants coming on line '15 through '18.
Unidentified Analyst: And then my follow-up question is just on Eletropaulo I wanted some updated thought on how earnings are going to trend there and I wanted to also understand correctly if there is any hydrological risk to that business versus the risk at Tietê?
Andres Gluski: I think that again regarding sort of Eletropaulo I would say the following one is that in Brazil, they basically have sort of a sharing mechanism for when there is a low hydrology between all the generators. So that it's not sort of directly specific to one business in particular when the cost of generation go up in the past the Brazilian Government has stepped in and helped with make credit available. Because there is a recovery mechanism even though it is overtime but it can cost shorter term liquidity problems so that the Brazilian Government has addressed that. What I would say, which is very important when people try to compare this say back to 2002, because in 2002, Brazil had 4 gigawatts of thermal, it has 22 today. So that's a very important difference and have the experience. The other that there can be some benefit of therefore for example at Uduvayana (ph) where we see that we are likely to be running this plant in March and April. So there are some benefits from that. I don't know Andy would you like to add something.
Andrew Vesey: Yes, this is Andy Vesey, Chris. Just specifically around EP in terms of how it's exposed to -- what it's exposure to hydrological risk. When the EP actually had our Sul businesses under regulation in Brazil and under Brazil would work with they would always be just almost fully contracted with not more in the marketplace. Well at that case the impact would almost be negligible for the distribution businesses, but what has happened in Brazil is what used to be called MP579, which was the basically concession rules for some of the hydro is that a lot of these contracts couldn't be delivered on. So actually Eletropaulo falls about 1% under contracted. Well that would look like basically be a cash flow issue for the Brazil would be paying energy at a spot price to make up that percentage it would be cash flow. But last year in a similar situation the treasury of Brazil stepped in and subsidized that provided that cash directly. So as Andres said the government has always made sure that keep the business with Sul and its relatively small exposure for EP. Let's go back to Tom's opening comments while the hydrological situation is below average now we're expecting we probably will have a much better view on that in the April timeframe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mara Shaughnessy. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst:  A couple of questions. First on the Maritza situation, the concern was going into the winter when demand was up and the like may be things would have potentially gotten a little more bumpy it doesn't seem like that bumpiness that technical term bumpiness occurred and things seem on track is that a fair statement?
Andres Gluski: That's correct. I mean since our last call they state $150 million. We have an agreement in terms of part of those statements like around $76 million I believe is to be made over time and we have to see that they comply with that. So we continue to monitor it but we have gotten past I would say the worse of the heating season in Bulgaria without any sort of political repercussions. And certainly the governments focused on improving NEK and in terms of the financial situation of NEK. I think the great advantage of Bulgaria as I've said in the past it has a very little foreign debt so it's truly a question of NEK that's not a case where the government on some other occasions raise money and to inject it into NEK back that they so decided.
Unidentified Analyst: And this, I know this has been discussed already the hydrology situation. Can you be specific to Panama in last several months you guys have talked about the different things that you've done to try to mitigate the exposure there. The Brazilian seem every other hour discuss what the percentage reservoir pillages and we have an idea of that ad nauseam but Panama again is just who knows. Can you be specific as to what reservoir levels are right now relative to last year, relative to normal and what specific things have you done to mitigate that exposure?
Andres Gluski: Yes, I'll go ahead and pass this one on to Andy, but you're correct in the sense that the dispatch of the hydro in Panama is controlled by the government. But we've made some changes to some of our contracts and done some other things to reduce our exposure. One of them is including is that we sold down a portion (inaudible) to the government so that with the government is a co-owner of all of our plants in Panama. Andy would you like to add to that. 
Andrew Vesey: Yes, Mara its Andy Vesey. Just a broad background, we have fundamentally three hydro complexes in Panama. Bayano, which is one of two pondage hydro's in Panama, the other being Fortuna which is not ours, Chiriqui which is one of the river and Changuinola which is one of the river as well. The hydro I will give you some statistics around that as of January for Bayano which is the pondage hydro we're about 29% percent below the historical average. So that's a number for you. Chiriqui which is --
Unidentified Analyst: And how does that compare to last year?
Andrew Vesey: It is slightly worse than last year. You got two hydrological basins in Panama, Bayano is in one and Allegheny River is the other. And last year Bayano was actually doing quite well. What happened with Bayano was not in flows last year, it was a significant east-west transmission constraint in Panama which didn't allow them to get the energy to Panama City from the water hydro. So the government over dispatched Bayano. So while inflows were okay last year, they actually over dispatched it and that's what caused stress to us last year with Bayano. This year they had been preserving the hydro in Bayano, but the inflows had been less and what has happened is there was much more inefficient thermals because of that transmission constraint, which lays the spot market considerably. But to Andre to your question we did change the ownership structure at Changuinola last year. We also changed the contract between Changuinola and AS Panama from a financial contract to a physical one as Tom had mentioned in this comments. And while I can't say much more about it we're currently in conversations with the Panama government on other regulatory solution, to significantly mitigate the hydro impact this year. It is dry, this is the dry season, but it is dry than normal and we'll have to wait again the rainy season will start in April/May. So we have to see how we cover. However to answer your question that has been put out, if indeed we have a year exactly like last year, if we are successful with the engagement with the Panama government that we're involved in, we should significantly be better than we did last year under the same hydrological conditions.
Unidentified Analyst: And then getting specifically to TSA in your assumptions you've an $0.08 hit from the roll up of the Eletropaulo contract at the end of '15. What is the assumed contracted price in that $0.08 hit?
Andres Gluski: We're assuming a 125, sort of where the market will be at. Our contracts today are about 116, no the existing ones. But I'm saying the ones -- that the portion that we have recontracted in the market so that's a step down from 180 to about 125.
Unidentified Analyst: And so what, I mean obviously we've seen spot prices 800 to 1000 plus, what is that -- I saw that you contracted some out at 125. Is there the potential in this sloppy environment or messy environment that you could be able to lock-in more now at higher prices that that?
Andres Gluski: Well the approach of the team has been to sort of contact it over time. So the first ones, as you recall we're at a lower price and then moving up. Hopefully I think there is a possibility of doing some higher like a 135. But I think that we're going to sort of stagger this not to take a one-time risk. I do think what we're seeing in Brazil is less of the -- the hydro's are coming on late, the new hydro. So our sort of belief that this would cause higher prices over time I think it's playing out. Andy do you want add something?
Andrew Vesey: The only thing I'd add to -- we have about 1200 megawatts of current capacity take to market. Currently about 700 of those megawatts have already been contracted delivering 16 is it three year term contractors all to the free customers. As Andres said the average price of that 700 megawatt has been about 115 on the margin now we assume between 125 and 135 and these are our expectations that the market will tighten and strengthen given both the current hydrological situation, lateness of hydro, and the need to add more thermal into the system. So we're being very cautious, we don't want to get ahead of our skews on this one. But the team has been very aware of the situation and is waiting to see the market to improve.
Unidentified Analyst: And what about the opportunities for TSA to build the isthmus gas plant. The government's made some of the pricing, the cap has been raised pretty materially and but who knows if you can actually access the gap. So what's the status of potentially plugging that hole with a thermal project?
Andres Gluski: You asked that I mean it's really a question of getting the gaps. We have two projects in very advanced stages of development. We are actually ready to go on them, of course in Brazil you have to win the bid. So that's an aspect in terms of how the bids are defined. Whether you have for example a gas specific one, whether you have like a gas factor that certainly would help. But there is still the issue of physical getting the gas. As you know we do have Uduvayana, which is 670 megawatts written off, only ready to go we're going to run it in March and in April. And the solution there you know what we have been working very hard with both governments is to be able to get gas to Uduvayana through Argentina. For these sort of temporary runs Petrobas will be supplying the LNG to Argentina, will use existing pipelines. But that really would be a fantastic solution because we have a plant for free. Now the question is at what price can we get gas and right now deliver gas to Uduvayana is around $25 to million BT use. If we get it down to a more reasonable rate then it will be a competitive plan.
Operator:  Our next call comes from Ali Agha. Your line is now open.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I just have a couple of questions. One I just wanted to be clear on your earnings outlook that you laid out for us. If I go back to your original driver I think off the 12 actual of a $1.24 at that time, you talked about 4% to 6% EPS growth through '15. If I run the math right, right now the midpoint of 15 actually would be lower than the midpoint of that 4% to 6% growth rate. So has something changed? Can you just clarify how we should think about this '14-'15 period?
Tom O'Flynn: No, Ali, I think the midpoint was I think was 1.43, 1.44 and this implies about 1.41. So I think it's just Ben who has a calculator in his hand. So I think it's pretty much in the same neighborhood, so.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And then as you laid out your outlook '15 and beyond into '18 as well, what have you assumed for those merchant assets at DPL. Are they still embedded in that guidance whatever you assume that they have been taken out?
Andres Gluski: There embedded in the guidance.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yes still in there and I think Tom if I heard you right, your sense was if they do exit on reasonable terms that should be accretive?
Tom O'Flynn: Yes.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then the 6000--
Tom O'Flynn: I think I'd say Ali keep in mind that we got a portfolio management activity that could be dilutive. So at the end of the day there could be offsets. But yes, on a standalone basis we're doing on the right terms to be accretive.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And the 6000 megawatts of development projects beyond what's in construction. Have you resumed contribution from any of those in that five year period?
Andres Gluski: No, we because that would outside of that window.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: When you say that what do you mean in terms of contribution timeline.
Andres Gluski: In terms of contribution timeline. I mean if we start construction on them, we do have assumptions for using our pre-cash flow and capital allocation. But what can be shorter term again can be the adjacency. I had mentioned them on our call previously and that we're trying to get our hands around and put a stake in the round $40 million of PTC by 2015. So these are much shorter terms, much higher returns, but if you look at the bigger projects, we just started to now after (inaudible) and OPGC-2 and there'll also be sort of a 2018 stuff. So that will 6000 megawatts have a longer term horizon. 
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I see, and I think Andres you eluded to the fact that you got 4200 million of cost reductions through '15, more to come. Can you just give us a sense you know in that '15 to '18 period what kind of incremental cost reductions are embedded if any?
Andres Gluski: We have you know certain improvements embedded debt. I say the way to think about it, Ali, is we have $3 billion of discretionary spend or a variable spend. So something like a 5% improvement you know is something that we think is realistic. 
Andrew Vesey: Andy Vesey. In spite of that $3 billion number in fixed cost, (inaudible) I've spent a long time working on this. When we look at the $3 billion and we can look at what's controllable by management and take out any short sided cuts of maintenance. We've about $2.2 billion of cost that we should be targeting. In the sort of the expectations that both Andres and Tom laid out between '14 and '18, by '18 we will get to a run rate savings on those fixed costs on the order of $250 million. But it builds over time. So in '14 we have, we have about $50 million of that cost and it will build up over that period. And eventually will reach about 10% of our fixed costs. What we set as a target that will drive us there as we set the view that we'll take that piled manageable fixed cost and keep it fixed. Each year we're going to put into place productivity improvements which will offset inflation and that's sort of how you should think about. And that's what we're going to go after. In addition to that, we'll continue to look for more opportunities in that space.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Just to be clear that $250 million, is that over and above the $200 million or is that $200 million part of that $250 million.
Tom O'Flynn:  No, no, that was a completely different animals. In other words, when we talk about $200 million, we're talking about G&A, sort of global overhead. When you talk about the $250 million, that's really at the operational level.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I see, and the timeline to that 250 is what?
Tom O'Flynn:  Well as Andy said that's the next you know five year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I see, got it. And the $500 million or so of asset sales by '15, Andy, are we talking by the beginning of '15 or by the end of '15? 
Andres Gluski:  We really set out say a goal of around 400 this year and then we will complete the rest in '15. You think it happened for example that they do take some time as we have Cameroon close, we have done everything that we can in our share and on our side and we expect this to close sometime probably in March. So that they do take some time, there's some lag between the time that we reach an agreement. But the other thing is we are not going to do any fire sales like we haven't done and we'll sell in a manner where we really maximize the volume of those assets. And so we don't feel necessarily rush to do it. We will do it as part of our strategic plan to simplify help us cut cost, help our focus, but also taking to account there is appropriate timing to maximize the value.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And a last question, you mentioned capital location which leads part of the go driver. You got about $190 million on your current authorization. For planning purposes should we assume that that's consumed this year or should we assume it will take longer for this to be consumed?
Andres Gluski: I really wouldn't want to comment on that I think at this stage. I think we have shown our willingness to step up as we did in December with the CIC sell down, so you can assume that but I'm not going to make any commitment in terms of whether we will use that authorization.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Fair enough. Thank you.
Ahmed Pasha: Operator, can we take one last question please.
Operator: Okay. Our last question comes from Charles Fishman. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Thank you. The driver for you decision to sell the DP&L generating asset is it to the term you think you can get on the environmental CapEx going forward was unacceptable. Is that the primary driver?
Andres Gluski: I would say really it's a cost cut. It's more of a strategic because we have a -- as we transition and again we haven't taken any -- we're transitioning it out of the combined entity, but it's really a sort of a merchant position in PJM and really whether we thought that was the right bit for us.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Okay. And then if you did exit a result of those plants, would you exit the retail business as well?
Tom O'Flynn:  Well, I think that they two go hand-in-hand and the retail was really way to place our generation capacity. So certainly we would look at that.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Okay. And then you mentioned the Chilean pension, the funds I would think they like the step close to home, were they part of that $1.2 billion financing for Alto Maipo?
Tom O'Flynn: No. I mean, basically I mean, we will put it this way. No not, because of Chilean bank our involvement in the syndicate basically as we mentioned that because we see the business financing and if you really look at the growth of (inaudible) over the past six plus years, it really hasn't required any money from AES, because what we are able to do is have strategic partnerships of the local capital and so, we double the amount of capacity asset business using local financing and local equity partners. And so, that has worked very well. So what we are looking is we will do something like that because (inaudible) really seeing this financing because as you know they are not going to buy AES stock but they have to buy local paper and they very much like in there. So what we want to and this is a very important strategic trust for us is to really make use of different levels of capital to maximize the return on our equity and that means if it allows us to what we call sculpt, and that means the size of the project we may not want to take 100% of a given risk in a given market. So this allows us to reach the optimal size for our portfolio, redeploy some cash and also look at this again from a portfolio prospect. So that is the significant change in the way we've historically looked at capital here.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay. Thank you for joining us on today's call, as always the IR team will be happy to answer any additional questions you may have. Have a nice day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert - Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of Strategy and Investment Committee Thomas M. O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andrew Martin Vesley - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome, and thank you all for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Now I will turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Ahmed Pasha. Sir, you may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Veronica. Good morning, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call of The AES Corporation. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andres. Andres?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Ahmed, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we continued to execute on our strategy. And despite facing headwinds at some of our businesses largely due to very high dry hydrology in Latin America, we're on track to deliver on our guidance. We earned $0.39 of adjusted EPS this quarter, which brings our year-to-date total to $1.01 or 79% of the midpoint of our 2013 guidance. Regarding cash flow, we expect to achieve the high end of our proportional free cash flow and more importantly, the high end of our Parent free cash flow guidance. We remain focused on the long-term objectives that we laid out 2 years ago, which will be the key to our success. To that end, to improve profitability, we are increasing our cost savings target by $55 million. To simplify our geographic footprint, we have closed or announced $475 million in asset sales proceeds or 95% of our target for 2013. And to bring our dividend in line with our policy, we're raising our quarterly dividend by 25%. Let me now provide you with some details on each one of these initiatives. First, turning to Slide 5. I will discuss our efforts to improve our profitability. We expect to achieve 93% of our prior cost savings target of $145 million, originally set for 2014 this year. We are therefore raising the bar by $55 million and are committing to sustainable cost savings at the AES level of $200 million by 2015. To achieve this goal, we're taking a number of additional steps, including moving our back office tasks to lower-cost locations, reducing the number and size of our corporate offices and making greater use of global sourcing and synergies. We will continue to look for additional opportunities to improve our bottom line as part of our overall leadership agenda. Next, turning to Slide 6. I will provide you with an update on our asset sales, where I'm pleased to report that we continue to make good progress. As you may have seen, today, we announced 3 asset sales, including our Cameroon business for $220 million in proceeds to AES. We're also cleaning up our wind portfolio by sending older units or those in markets in countries where we do not have a significant platform. To this end, we recently sold 39 megawatts of a wind project in Gujarat, India, allowing us to focus our efforts on the platform expansion projects in the Indian state of Odisha, where we do have significant growth opportunities. We also just announced the sale of our Polish Wind development projects as the necessary market reforms in Poland had been indefinitely postponed. All of these transactions are consistent with our commitment to exit those markets where we do not feel we have a sustainable competitive advantage. Since September 2011, we have closed or announced the sale of 21 businesses for total proceeds to AES of $1.4 billion. Including today's announcements, we will have exited 8 countries and will be down to operating in 20 from 28 2 years ago. We see an overall universe of potential asset sales proceeds exceeding $2 billion by 2015, including the $1.4 billion in asset sales already announced. Now turning to Slide 7. I will provide you with some color on our third objective, optimizing capital allocation. We believe that capital allocation is a critical tool for creating shareholder value. We expect significant improvement in our Parent free cash flow over the next few years, allowing us to grow discretionary cash available for investments or to be returned to our shareholders. This growth will be largely driven by contribution from new businesses, reduced operating costs and deleveraging at the businesses. Tom will provide details on our uses of discretionary cash. But as we've demonstrated year-to-date, we will use a balanced approach to capital allocation, making sure that we compare all possible uses, including stock buybacks, dividend increases, debt paydowns and platform expansions. To that end, since September 2011, we have prepaid $1 billion of debt, including $820 million of recourse debt, reducing our Parent debt by nearly 15%. With this debt reduction and our growing cash flow, we have made significant progress in improving our overall credit profile. In terms of share buybacks, which have been and will remain an integral part of our capital allocation framework, since September 2011, we've invested $453 million in repurchasing 39 million shares at an average price of $11.58 per share. We currently have remaining buyback authorization of $237 million. Finally, our total return commitment to shareholders includes a modest dividend, which we initiated last year. We have said that we plan to grow the dividend over time. And to that end, our board has approved an increase in our annual dividend payment of 25% to $0.05 per quarter, beginning with the payment in the first quarter of 2014. This implies a total annual dividend payment of $150 million or 30% of our sustainable Parent free cash flow, up from 24% previously. This increased payout is in line with our 30% to 40% payout ratio target that we announced at our Investor Day in May of this year. Turning to Slide 8. I will now provide you with a few updates on some of our larger businesses, beginning with Bulgaria, where we own Maritza, a fully contracted 690 megawatt lignite-fired plant. As we discussed in our last call, NEK, the offtaker, has been facing liquidity issues. Our receivables balance has grown modestly since our last call, but 90% is still less than 90 days overdue. Over the last couple of months, the Government of Bulgaria has passed new laws, which once implemented, should help improve NEK's financial position. We are closely monitoring the situation and we will update you if there are any significant developments. Now I will discuss DP&L where the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, or PUCO, has ruled on the Electric Security Plan, or ESP. In this order, the Commission approved $110 million in annual Service Stability Rider through 2016 which provides certainty in the near term, while we continue to work with the Commission to address challenges in 2017 and beyond. Nonetheless, we have filed for a rehearing of certain elements of the order. In particular, we have challenged the conditions attached to the $45 million Service Stability Rider that can be recovered in 2017. We expect the Commission's response in the near future, and we anticipate that the rehearing process will take 6 to 9 months. Finally, as you may know, the ESP order required us to separate DP&L's 3,300 megawatts of generation capacity by May of 2017. We will be filing the generation separation application by the end of this year. Subsequently, we will develop a plan that will allow for separation of the generation business by May 2017. Beginning on Slide 9, I will provide you with an update on a few other key initiatives that will contribute to our future earnings growth. First, as you may recall, last quarter, we talked about our plans to bring on partners at our existing businesses and growth projects. Consistent with that approach, we have brought on Google as a partner in the 266-megawatt Mount Signal Solar project, which is under construction at our joint venture, the Silver Ridge Power Corporation. Under this agreement, Google will invest $103 million in Mount Signal, and we expect that about half this amount will come back to AES in 2014 as discretionary cash. Commercial operation of Mount Signal is expected by the second quarter of 2014. Similarly, last quarter, we signed an agreement with Antofagasta Minerals, a large Chilean mining conglomerate, allowing them to participate as a 40% partner in our Alto Maipo hydro project. We continue to look for similar opportunities across our portfolio to optimize our exposure on specific projects, maximize our overall returns and augment the discretionary cash available for other capital allocation purposes. Year-to-date, we have signed agreements for $500 million in equity participation from partners at the project level. Second, in my view, AES has an unmatched footprint in many attractive markets where demand for new generation is expected to grow for the foreseeable future. While expected demand growth is low in some of our markets, particularly the U.S., we continue to see robust growth and demand for new generation in many of our markets such as Columbia, Chile, India, Mexico, the Philippines and Vietnam, where we see demand growth in the range of 4% to 8%. We're also complementing our investments in larger scale plants with smaller scaled platform enhancements and adjacencies, such as fogging technology for gas turbines, energy storage, desalinization, to maximize returns from our existing footprint and asset base. While individually, many of these projects will be relatively small, they provide significantly higher risk-adjusted returns, and in the aggregate, may become meaningful over time, particularly, if we can achieve economies of scale given our global presence. As a recent example of this, we brought online a 40-megawatt energy storage resource at DP&L in Ohio, to provide essential reserve capacity at PJM. This project brings our total energy storage resource to more than 200 megawatts, equivalent to 100 megawatts of interconnected capacity, making us the world leader in using lithium-ion batteries for energy storage and grid stability. While we see this particular business line as an attractive area for investment as we can earn solid returns on projects that require significantly shorter construction time, and unlike most of our assets, can be redeployed should expected returns at original site not materialize as expected. The need for energy storage will grow as the contribution of energy from renewable sources increase. For example, California is recognizing the value of fast, flexible storage resources as an integral part of a robust power grid. The 3 large utilities in California have targets to procure at least 1,325 megawatts of capacity between 2014 and 2020. Our existing facilities in California have all of the necessary infrastructure and are ideally located to support competitive development of energy storage. We plan to selectively add energy storage solutions to our existing platforms where their services can be adequately remunerated as a way to better serve our customers while increasing our return on assets. Another adjacency that we are pursuing is desalinization, where we see a number of potential opportunities in some of the markets we serve. This week, we signed an MOU with Abengoa to develop a $26 million, 800 cubic meter per hour water desalinization facility, adjacent to our Angamos plant in Chile. This facility will use our existing water intake, discharge infrastructure and permits. Once completed, this project will provide raw water to Angamos and third-party customers. Turning to Slide 10 and conventional platform expansions, such as rate base growth at IPL, we have commenced construction of a $500 million project to upgrade 2,400 megawatts of coal-fired capacity to comply with environmental regulations. The equity investment in this project is expected to be slightly more than $200 million and will be invested over the next 3 years. IPL will be eligible to earn a cash return on the investment during construction. I would also like to provide you with an update on our 531-megawatt Alto Maipo, run-of-the-river hydro project in Chile. Together with our 152-megawatt Guacolda V and 532-megawatt Cochrane coal-fired projects, Alto Maipo is one of the few development projects in the growing Chilean market under construction or in late-stage development. We now have all of the key permits in place and Anker mining offtaker is a 40% equity partner, civil work, tunneling and the electro-mechanical EPC contract signed. We're also making good progress on Alto Maipo's financing, which is the last remaining major milestone. We expect to achieve financial close and begin construction before year's end. Last but not least, I'm pleased to report that all of our 2,231 megawatts of construction projects are progressing on time and on budget. With that, let me turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thanks, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Let me first off cover our Q3 results, including adjusted EPS, adjusted free tax contribution, or PTC, by SBU and cash flow. Then I'll touch on our 2013 guidance, drivers by SBU and our capital allocation plan. Finally, I'll cover the longer-term outlook, including our expected growth rate for the next couple of years and some drivers for 2014. Turning to Slide 12. We had a solid third quarter, and our adjusted EPS increased by $0.04 or 11%. The impact of dry hydrology on several of our Latin American businesses was offset by higher margins in United Kingdom and Dominican Republic and lower interest expense on recourse debt. In addition, we benefited from a lower effective tax rate of 26% versus 33% a year ago, which added about $0.03. Before I go into the results, let me summarize hydrology. As you can see on Slide 13, several of our Latin American markets, including Chile, Colombia and Panama, have experienced very dry hydrology. In fact, 2013 is the driest year in more than 4 decades in Panama, and it's very unusual to have dry conditions in all these markets at the same time. Consistent with our second quarter results, unfavorable hydrology had a negative $0.04 impact in the third quarter and $0.12 on a year-to-date basis. For the fourth quarter, we're expecting only a modest impact of $0.01, as hydrology has stabilized across our portfolio. Spot prices in Panama, Chile and Brazil have declined by 30% to 40% from unusually high levels over the last few months, which is helpful because we've been recovering some of our shortfall in the spot markets. In Panama, water inflows at our Changuinola plant are improving after the rainy season. In recent weeks, water inflows have recovered from about 70% of historical averages to about 80%, and we expect this trend to continue in the fourth quarter. In Brazil and Colombia, reservoir levels are about normal for this time of year. Overall, we expect normal hydrology next year. We've also taken actions to minimize impacts from dry hydrology, such as modifying our contracts in Panama to reduce our overall exposure to the spot markets. Now I'll briefly review third quarter PTC at each of our SBUs, beginning on Slide 14. In the U.S., we reported a decline of $17 million, driven primarily by customer switching at DP&L as anticipated. As of Q3, 70% of the loaded DP&L had switched compared to 57% last year. Our outlook for DP&L since receiving the ESP order is that it should contribute roughly $85 million to $95 million of annual PTC through 2015. DP&L results should benefit from a higher Service Stability Rider, targeted cost reductions of $20 million to $30 million and lower interest expense. These will be offset by additional customer switching and a lower tariff resulting from lending under the new ESP. Our Andes SBU was largely flat for the quarter, Chivor declined due to low hydrology in Colombia and Chile declined as a result of higher spot purchases from planned maintenance and lower contract prices. These trends were offset by higher income at AES Argentina. Brazil was also flat for the quarter, weaker Brazilian real as compared to last year, as well as lower generation at Tietê and higher interest expense at Sul reduced results for the quarter. These are largely offset by an increase in Eletropaulo for the quarter as a result of higher volumes and lower cost. Next on Slide 15, our Mexico, Central America and Caribbean, or MCAC, SBU was also flat. Here, dry conditions in Panama were largely offset by an $18 million improvement in the Dominican Republic due to higher volumes and prices. Our Europe, Middle East and Africa, or EMEA, SBU increased through the quarter by $15 million, driven largely by our Kilroot coal-fired plant in United Kingdom, where we benefited from higher dark spreads. As we anticipated in our guidance, Asia declined for the quarter as a result of the China asset sales completed last year and higher contracted sales at Masinloc, which reduced its merchant exposure at the end of last year by signing a 7-year contract to 2019. Finally, our corporate charges improved $28 million for the quarter, driven by lower interest expense from the Parent refinancing we executed in the second quarter. We also had some modest reductions in development cost this quarter. Across the SBUs and Parent Company, adjusted PTC increased $7 million for the quarter. Since the formation of the SBUs a year ago, we've been actively managing G&A expenses on a global basis. Andres mentioned the increased target of $55 million by 2015. So far, we've largely communicated our savings in the G&A expenses line on our income statement, although we've also targeted reductions in administrative costs reported in cost of sales. Going forward, much of our administrative cost savings will be recorded in our cost of sales line, as we reduced costs related to the management of our business units. From an Investor Relations standpoint, we'll continue to share targets and related progress against global G&A expenses, independent of income statement classification. When we reach our cumulative annual savings target in 2015, we will have reduced our G&A by at least 30%. Now to our cash flow metrics beginning on Slide 16. For the fourth quarter, proportional free cash flow was $347 million, bringing our year-to-date results to $847 million. Q3 declined from last year by approximately $150 million, driven by low proportional operating cash flow in Brazil and EMEA, as well as $40 million of higher environmental CapEx at IPL in the U.S. On Slide 17, with our Q3 results, we're on track for the year. As you may remember, we provided adjusted PTC ranges by SBU. The mix of contributions from our SBUs have changed, but the bottom line remains the same. We had challenges in MCAC in Brazil, primarily due to poor hydrology and lower demand. We've offset these negatives with higher contributions from the U.S. and lower G&A and interest expense, as well as a lower effective tax rate. As Andres mentioned, we reaffirmed our guidance on all metrics. As a reminder, our adjusted EPS guidance of $1.24 to $1.32 includes approximately $0.05 of dilution from the Ukraine and Cameroon asset sales announced this year. During the third quarter, we recorded approximately $340 million in impairments in our GAAP EPS. Some were triggered by our asset sales efforts, including $130 million of impairments of our Cameroon businesses and our Polish wind pipeline. We're obviously disappointed with these impairments, but believe it's important to focus our portfolio and also to react to significant market changes as they occur. Turning now to Slide 18. As Andres mentioned, we expect to be in the high end of our proportional free cash flow guidance range of $750 million to $1.05 billion this year. This $1 billion or so of proportional free cash flow is after $900 million of maintenance and environmental capital expenditures. Our normalized maintenance CapEx is about $600 million to $700 million, but we have about $250 million of additional environmental CapEx at Gener and IPL. The IPL program is essentially growth CapEx as we earn a cash return during construction and into the future. We expect these environmental CapEx programs to be largely completed by 2015. In terms of uses of this proportional free cash flow, over the last few years, we've used about $500 million per year to pay down nonrecourse debt at our subsidiaries and remaining cash is available for discretionary uses at AES. This debt paydown at subsidiaries creates equity value that we can capture through proceeds and refinancings for other distributions. As we said last quarter, we expect to be at the high end of our $400 million to $500 million range for Parent free cash flow, which is the key driver of our dividend capacity. Let me now touch on 2013 capital allocation on Slide 19. In 2013, we expect to generate $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion of discretionary cash, including Parent free cash flow of about $500 million that I just mentioned. Factoring in the $239 million of asset sale proceeds already received this year, we've invested roughly 60% of our cash in delevering and returning cash to shareholders. After proved investments, we'll have about $120 million to $270 million in discretionary cash remaining, which will obviously increase when we receive the $236 million of proceeds from the 3 transactions we just announced today. Regarding the uses of discretionary cash to be allocated, much of the cash is received in the fourth quarter. We'll continue to use it to achieve the highest risk adjusted returns for our shareholders, including share buybacks and investments in platform expansions. To that end, we expect to invest roughly $100 million in the potential equity issuance at Gener to fund its growth program. We'll keep you updated as Gener's financing plans are finalized. Now I'd like to discuss guidance on Slide 20, currently in the latter stage of our annual long-term planning process. In 2014, we see EPS growth in line with our 4% to 6% EPS trajectory, which assumes a normal year for hydrology but also a higher effective tax rate. Year-over-year, in '14, we expect moderate growth from Andes, Brazil, MCAC and EMEA, and flat to modest declines in the U.S. and Asia. Through 2015, we're reaffirming our average annual total return of 6% to 8%, which includes EPS growth of 4% to 6% and a dividend yield of 1% to 2%. Relative to our prior guidance, the increased cost savings adds about $0.05 for 2015. That said, we have net offsets of a similar amount. For example, Brazil is down from prior expectations by almost $0.05 due to slower demand growth and foreign exchange. With respect to cash flow, we expect the proportional free cash flow and Parent free cash flow will grow faster than earnings, as we realize the contributions from our projects under construction and complete environmental capital expenditures. In February, on our fourth quarter call, we plan to issue specific 2014 EPS and cash flow guidance. We'll also provide an update on 2015 expectations and give some color on significant drivers for periods thereafter. We're committed to delivering compelling earnings growth over time in order to ensure an attractive total return for shareholders. Lastly, as Andres mentioned, we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.05 per share for the dividend payable in February, with an ex-dividend date of January 30. Going forward, we plan to assess potential increases in our dividend once a year. This year, we're a bit ahead of schedule. Normally, we plan to review the dividend with our board in December and communicate any changes that would be effective with our first quarter dividend. With that, I'll turn it back over to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. In summary, we are seeing the results of executing on our strategy and we're delivering on our commitments. On this call, we've just announced 3 asset sales, including all 3 businesses in Cameroon; increased our sustainable cost savings targets by 38%; and announced a 25% increase in our quarterly dividend. At the same time, we're executing on important platform expansions, bringing on equity partners at the project level, developing platform enhancements in adjacent businesses, all aiming to increase our return on assets over time. AES has a diversified portfolio of businesses in attractive markets that generate growing earnings and cash flow and provide us with multiple opportunities to create long-term value for our shareholders. Operator, I'd now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jon Cohen.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First of all on Parent free cash flow. It looks like you're going to be at the high end of the range for '13 despite some challenging conditions operationally. If I fast forward, it seems like you're going to be paying down a lot less debt in the future, environmental CapEx will be lower, you have additional cash from cost savings from the Google transaction, $700 million of asset sales. At what time are you going to be in a position to update us on longer-term capital allocation strategies?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I think that we've laid out a sort of a very clear strategy. We are very cautious about announcing investments until we get to sort of the final stages of those investments. However, when we update you, first quarter of next year, we'll be giving short of the big pools, as Tom has done, in terms of where we will be allocating our capital. I don't know, Tom. Would you like to add something to that?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Jon, I'd just say probably 2 things. We do think our cash flow will grow at a good rate, higher than the EPS growth rate for the next couple of years, and certainly, as we look into the future, we think cash flow will continue to grow at that level. That's both proportional free cash flow, as well as Parent free cash flow. I think you hit it, proportional free cash flow and which of the driver for Parent should really be aided by the reduction in capital expenditures. So going out, we think CapEx will be more $600 million to $700 million rather than the $850 million to $900 million starting in '16, that obviously excludes growth CapEx. So that will help drive subsidiary dividend capacity. And at the Parent, we think we're generally rightsized for our debt capacity with this asset mix at the Parent, so we got $5.5 million, $5.6 million of recourse debt at the Parent, which we think is generally right with this asset mix. So we think cash flow should continue to have a good growth trend.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one clarification. When you say that you expect normal hydro conditions next year, given that this year was a $0.13 headwind, does that mean that, all else equal, there should be another $0.13 of earnings from normal hydro next year? And is that fully offset by the higher tax rate, or is there some upside there?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Well, all things equal, yes, we won't have the negatives. Certainly not the $0.12 that we've had year-to-date. But having said that, yes, we will have a higher tax rate that will offset some of that. And quite frankly, the higher tax rate is one of the other reasons why our cash is going faster than our earnings over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So firstly, on the sales, congratulations first off on getting these latest done. When you talk about $2 billion and having executed thus far on a good chunk of that, what else, broadly speaking, is in the pipeline, if you could can talk about it? And then specifically, does that incorporate an assumption around or an expectation for the Silver Ridge transaction? Is that part of that $2 billion?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, I'm not going to comment on any specific transactions, but I think what we played out and is that, again, those that we really don't feel we have a sustainable competitive advantage and are not sort of where we have our growth occurring are those that are slated for sale. And we've gone from 28 to 20 countries. I could see us getting out of perhaps another 5 countries. But as we said, this is a -- in the universe of $2 billion, the universe of potential sales is bigger. Some of them might be partial sale down. And we really think that's the best way to reallocate our capital is to sell down places at a lower rate of return to invest in higher return projects.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And would Solar be included in that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: If we sold down Solar, it would be part of that potential pool.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And then specifically on the cost cutting, you talked about, obviously, upping the expectations here. That's strictly at an SG&A at the AES corporate level. Is there another bucket here to be expected over time more at the SBU level at the businesses themselves?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Here to clarify, I mean, what Tom talked about was sort of global G&A going from really what we have sort of, let's say, in our P&L statement, and that's where we started because we wanted to be extremely transparent and help you track it. Now we're going to go beyond that and we do have efforts -- so when we're talking about the $55 million, it's looking at, for example, our hubs, how we handle our SBUs, that overheads will be included in it. Of course, we'll have other cost-saving efforts that beyond that, beyond that $55 million. Perhaps, Andy, can give a little color on that.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Julien, it's Andy Vesley. I think it's -- the question is that part of the target that we set with the $55 million does include a significant amount of G&A that we record as cost of goods sold in the businesses. So we're already starting to get into the SBUs. I think, as you know, we've had a very significant cost reduction program in Brazil. We've had it ongoing for 3 years, and we're starting to take some of those best practices more broadly into our businesses. We also, in '13, as part of going into the ESP, are focused specifically at DP&L to get those costs in line as well. What I can say, the same amount of attention that has been brought to G&A globally, we will bring to the fixed costs in the business. It's a very big bucket, as you know. And I think as we head into next year and our plans solidify, we will update everybody on our objectives there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then lastly, with regards to the dividend, I mean, just curious, what's the pace at which you get to this target range broadly speaking? And even within that, I mean, how do you think about this on a multi-year basis, particularly given the disproportionate growth in your cash flow? And maybe even specific to that, can you talk about what the growth CAGR and the cash flows are in these near years, given that it's potentially higher than your EPS?
Andrew Martin Vesley: First, what we've said is that, we said we have a dividend policy of paying 30% to 40% of our Parent free cash flow. So what we're doing is basically bringing our dividend payment in line with our stated policy, and that's what we will do. So what you can expect is it will between 30% and 40% of that number. And as that number grows over time, we will increase the dividend accordingly. Now of course, there's a range between 30% and 40%, but now we're within that range. I don't think we're, at this stage, ready to talk about sort of a CAGR or the growth rate on the cash.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Julien, the only thing I'd add is that if we're looking at a 4% to 6% EPS growth through '15, we call that mid-single digits, we would be looking at something in a high-single digits for a Parent free cash flow kind of CAGR. So that's an order of magnitude.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A couple of things I wanted to clarify. First, very near term. I mean, my sense was, given the hydro condition, as you point out, was still a bit of a negative in the third quarter, won't be that big of a negative in the fourth quarter. Then when I look at the earnings mix for the company in the second half, seemed to me it was more skewed towards fourth quarter versus third quarter. You reported $0.39 in the third quarter, putting you at $1.01 for the 9 months. I'm just curious why, given that assumption, you wouldn't be at or even above, certainly above the high end of the earnings guidance range? What am I missing there?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Tax. So that's really the equalizer.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Tax in the fourth quarter will be higher and will be an...
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Correct. Ali, our general tax rate, if you just think about over a long-term basis, is more in the 30%, 32%. So that's the kind of number that would come in the fourth quarter, so you have -- weighted average that in and that would factor in the delta.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, on the slightly longer-term earnings outlook, Tom, you mentioned, you've got the $0.05 of additional cost savings, getting offset by lower Brazil assumptions. But at the same time, you do have -- as you said, your free cash flow is growing stronger at the higher end, you've got additional asset sale proceeds coming, so I don't know if you assumed any use in terms of buybacks going forward. But I'm just curious, when we look at that 4% to 6% CAGR through 2015 and also sort of throwing in there, Andres, your aspiration of getting back to 6% to 8%, are we getting to the high end of that? I mean, what's holding us back to -- if not getting to 6% to 8%, maybe getting to 6%, given all the positives you've talked about today?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. Well, I'll hit it first and Andres may want to give some color, too. But I'll just say, we expect to give some more color on '15 in February. We're just trying to give folks updates on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So I think what we have seen is clearly the cost savings are about $0.05. There's a lot of other puts and takes, but net, net, so far, the puts are equaling about the takes. I used Brazil, not to say it's the only moving part, but it's an example of a moving part that is almost a direct offset to the cost benefits, but there's obviously things that are going positively, a number of things that we're trying to make more positive, but some things that go off in a different direction. So that's just the short-term update for '15, but we expect to give you more color in February. Andres probably has some other thoughts.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Ali, there are some conservative assumptions in terms of allocation of capital in the numbers in terms of our growth rate of 4% to 6%. Now I did mention on this call and the prior call, we are looking at ways to increase that growth rate. We want to get back to the 6% to 8% range. And that's why I'm mentioning, for example, the enhancements and the adjacencies, because right now, these are small and we don't know how much we can -- how a big a pie it can be. But we're seeing very healthy returns from these, and we think they're much lower risk-adjusted because you have the assets, so it's adding something onto the asset. So we've done a number of them. The returns are healthy, the construction times are lower and that's one of the ways that we're trying to increase our growth rate. But right now, I mean, I think it's far too early to say that we have these in the bag. So just letting you know that we are doing everything possible to get back to that 6% to 8%, and these are some of the things that we see more attractive, also like bringing partners onto our projects, we can get a promote, we can get a management fee and these are not insubstantial. I mean, this year, we've signed deals for $500 million at the project level. So this is new approaches. We're being aggressive on this. But again, we're not willing to talk about its effect yet until we really are sure that they are sufficiently big to move the needle.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So last question, just to clarify that, Andres, I mean, the time frame we are still looking at is '12 through '15. '13 is pretty much behind us. So in effect, we're looking at '14 and '15. And if I'm hearing you right, given some of the stuff that you're working on, you still think that through '15 on a compound annual basis, you could get to 6% to 8%, even though right now, you're looking at 4% to 6%. Am I hearing that right?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Not exactly. What I'd say, we're reaffirming our guidance of 4% to 6% and total return of 6% to 8%, and we're comfortable with that. Of course, these projects that we're looking at and, of course, we have to see how many of them are, in addition to the big platform expansions that we're doing, including to the sell downs on top of this, the company doesn't end in 2015, so we're going to be looking at an ongoing growth rate. So quite frankly, our focus is on making sure that we create as much shareholder value. We did give targets out for 2015. We are committed to hitting them. But we're also committing to having a strong ongoing company and making sure that we have good growth rates after that as well.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So your 6% to 8% aspiration doesn't necessarily take the '15 period. It may be over a longer period.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: As I've said, we are sticking to our 4% to 6% and we're doing everything possible to increase that. And again, our objective is not only at the '15 number, but beyond as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: This is Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Your new partner for Alto Maipo, will that mining company also take a large percentage of the output of that plant?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. Definitely, the partner, which is Antofagasta Minerals, will be a major offtaker to that contract for making the financing -- so it'll take roughly about, I'd say, 1/3 of the output. Realize that this is a run-of-the-river, so there is considerable seasonality to it. So it's a constant contract. So we're contracted at the correct level, and we expect many years to have access to sell into the market.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I didn't hear you say anything about your big coal plant under construction in Vietnam. Is that still on schedule, on budget?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, yes. I'm glad that you mentioned that. Mong Duong, that's proceeding very nicely, and that's part of the -- a big part of the 2,231-megawatts under construction that are on time and on budget.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. and then when you say your expectations for China -- for Asia next year are down, I would've thought that the full impact of the Masinloc contract would've passed. I mean, because you redid that contract roughly a year ago, I think. And then also, the divestiture of the China assets, wouldn't that all be behind you by next year, that things would be flat, flattish, or am I missing...
Thomas M. O'Flynn: This is Tom. I think my comment was just talking about the difference between '13 and '12. So '12, China was the difference. But the biggest difference really was that last year in '12, we still had some of our Masinloc output sold into the spot market. The spot market was quite good last year. We signed a new 7-year contract that took effect this January. Those prices are somewhat below the higher spot prices from last year, but we saw it as a very favorable thing to do because it gave us a lot of stability through 2019. So it's modesty lower revenues, but with much greater predictability that we felt was a good trade that does explain the difference.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So I misunderstood that '14 -- you didn't say '14 would be down in Asia...
Thomas M. O'Flynn: No, my comments were '12 to '13. You're right, '13 to '14 should be pretty flat, and then Mong Duong comes in Q4 '15 and thereafter, Mong Duong will start to add. But '13 versus '14 in Asia should be pretty flat.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Brian Russo.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Could you just comment on the Tietê Eletropaulo contract expiration at the end of '15, and kind of where you see pricing in '16? And then maybe considering that's likely to be a headwind, if you could maybe talk about some of the growth projects that could be positive drivers of post '15. And then the 572 megawatts that should be completed in '16, what's the equity investment in that?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Sure. As you know, yes, we do have a cliff at Tietê with the expiration of the contract with Eletropaulo. And the drop in prices is somewhere around BRL 195, around BRL 130, in that range. We have 2 developing projects in São Paulo, which is Termo Araraquara and Termo Sào Paulo. We really haven't been able to participate in the energy auctions in Brazil because we haven't been able to secure a supply of gas. There isn't gas available, so that had been sort of slowing us down to build it using some of Tietê's capacity to build new plants. So what the team has been doing in Brazil is developing a commercial arm and selling some of this energy forward to, let's say, to be ready to place this energy when this occurs. Now I'm actually very happy that we did not go ahead, let's say, and rush into, try to fill this drop in Tietê because you've seen what happened to asset prices in Brazil. So I think we think we've taken a very prudent approach. And if we didn't see value, we did not invest. Andy, you want to...
Andrew Martin Vesley: Yes, Brian, Andy Vesley. I think the only thing I would add is just give you a status on that because this is something obviously that we're actively managing. When we think about Tietê, there's about 1,200 megawatts of firm physical capacity to bring to market in the contract. And we've -- as of this date, 400 megawatts is already secured under contracts for deliveries starting when the EP contract rolls out. What's the good news is, is that we continue to see that market strengthening and power pricing going up. As you may remember, after the MP 579 intervention by the government, there was this great view that the whole markets would collapse and the pricing was really questionable. But given what we've been seeing, the need for more thermal capacity, the slowdowns in some of the large hydro projects, we anticipate actually a strengthening of these markets. So while we don't believe we will be able to re-contract at the levels we're contracted at now with EP, we think we have been pretty strategic in bringing the rest of this capacity to market, and this is something that we're working very diligently with the corporation. So Tom, I don't know if you would want to add anything to that?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Okay.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: And just lastly, the 572 megawatts that are going to be completed in 2016, any idea what the equity investment in that is?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: You're talking about...
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: On Slide 32, you've got 572 megawatts?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: In '15?
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: In '16.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: In '16, Cochrane is the project in 2016. I think our equity is roughly $200 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Brian Chin.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a longer-term opportunity question. When you talk about Indianapolis Power & Light in the $511 million investment of IPL from MATS compliance, some other utilities talk fairly frequently about coal combustion residuals, effluent limitations, guidelines, but other requirements besides just MATS, will the $511 million investment in IPL cover most of those other environmental requirements? Or can you talk a little bit about what other opportunities for growth are there at IPL for other types of environmental spending beyond just MATS?
Andrew Martin Vesley: Yes, Brian, this is Andy Vesley. Let me sort of address that. The $511 million is really the hazardous air toxic, so it doesn't cover some of the others. Some of the others which you have the 316(b), you have water effluents, the NPDES and the coal combustion residuals. If we look at IPL roughly in terms of investments and also, if you think about the national ambient air quality standards, which are actually in the development, you could be talking about another $300 million to $400 million, in that range. I don't have -- on average. So it probably is a doubling of what we're spending on the MATS out into the future, so that's about what we're looking at, and those are the significant ones that we see on the horizon that would impact our coal plants in Indiana.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then second question also on longer-term growth. A number of other U.S. utilities in the Midwest are talking a little bit more aggressively about transmission and distribution on the project. I think even Dynegy was talking a little bit of that today, this morning. Haven't really heard a whole lot of transmission and distribution growth outlooks or opportunities for either Indianapolis Power & Light of Dayton Power. Can you talk about those a little bit?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, I can at a high level. I mean let's start with Dayton. I mean, Dayton has some transmission-related investments, but they're not, what I would call, very significant. On average at DP&L and the wireless business collectively, we're probably about spending $150 million, $155 million a year. We don't have mega transmission projects. We don't have that opportunity. At DP&L, really, there is a Senate Bill 560 in Indiana, which is the sort of a way to what's really was developed for the gas industry as a way of upgrading their infrastructure. When we look at IPL, as you know, we have one of the highest reliability in the State. We've actually done a very good job at maintaining our system. So we don't see, again, these huge opportunities for massive infrastructure projects. But when we think about it, on a normalized basis, in our wires business in Indiana, we're talking about an $85 million a year ongoing investment. But again, at the moment, and this can change as we take a closer look into next year, we don't really see any of these very big opportunities to make massive upgrades in the wires businesses or new transmission investments in Ohio. So that opportunity doesn't appear to be there, but it's something we continue to look at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Raymond Leung.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just Tom, I think you -- or Andres, you mentioned that you're happy with the leverage at the Parent level. Can you talk a little bit about, with leverage remaining fairly flat, what do you think is the optimal Parent distribution to debt number? You're roughly below 4.5x. I think in the past, you've talked about 5, 5.5x. So how should we think about that, first of all?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. I think we're in -- you're fair in terms of about 4.5x. We see our debt level as being reasonable with our existing asset portfolio. We think our coverage ratios will improve as our cash flow improves for the reasons that we talked about, both in the script as well as on a couple of the questions. So we think that we'll have an improving credit profile over the next 2 to 3 years through improving the, let's say, the numerator of our coverage ratio as opposed to the interest expense in the denominator, or the debt amount in the denominator. Obviously, that can change to the extent there are changes in the portfolio. So when we do sell assets, we generally look to be credit-neutral with the use of proceeds. Ballpark, that's using about half of the money to retire Parent debt, but it's dependent upon cash flow. Obviously, the more cash flow that would be generated by an asset, then the more you would pay down debt to be credit-neutral. And then growth would flip into the other way to the extent we're getting more growth out of business, longer cash flow in Gener and Mong Duong, which are 2 investment entities and IPL will all be significant cash flow growth entities. And that would be part of the cash flow improvement story.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: And Raymond, there's also a qualitative environment as we go forward. So if you look where we're investing in our portfolio and cash flows are growing and where we're exiting, over time, I think we also can say we're improving the average quality of our cash flow and our portfolio. So that's another important contributor.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Now I guess your midpoint for Parent distributions or sub-distributions for Parent is like $1.2 billion or so. I mean, directionally, you have new projects coming online. Should we think of that as growing -- continuing to grow or improve or remains relatively steady?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: We do expect that to grow over time, and we have big projects like Mong Duong coming online. So we expect a growth in that as well.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just another question, more subsidiary level in U.S. ops. You talked a little bit about potential cost savings. It seemed like, that was a pretty eminent item in the DP&L, ESP order. What are you guys thinking in terms of cost reductions over at DPL? And to a lesser extent, maybe if there's any opportunities at IPALCO, what you guys are thinking there in terms of cost savings?
Andrew Martin Vesley: Again, this is Andy Vesley. When we think about the NOx [ph], that was one that was right in front of us. A number of calls ago, we had said that the 3 levers for managing Dayton Power & Light, we're getting constructive regulatory outcome, so we're past that and we believe we did to some degree. The other was our -- basically our retail arm to protect our load and also make sure we could get our generation to market. And the answer on that one is, we have about 100,000 more customers under DP&L brand and we had when we acquired the company and we have about the same load. And the last one is the cost one. We had talked about a $60 million target to date through '13. We've identified about $31 million. We've taken out half of that roughly when O&M reductions, the other half when variable margin improvements, such as heat rate improvements and improve the acquisition of coal and some others, change in coal mix. What the order had left us with was, in order to get back to where we think we need, there's another $20 million to $30 million of cost reductions, which we are identifying and plan to deliver. So I think the opportunity, at least in the near term, is to bring another $20 million to $30 million of cost savings to that business in the near term. As I said earlier, that almost simultaneously, we are looking broadly at the full fixed cost of all our operating businesses, which is about something probably $3 billion. So it provides a great opportunity, and as I said, we're going to look very hard at that and talk more about that as we get into the next year.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just lastly on DPL, on the capital structure, I think at your Analyst Day, you talked about reducing debt by about $225 million at DPL. Can you sort of give us an update where you stood on that? It looked like you had about $2.8 billion of debt there, with almost $560 million of cash. But maybe, if you walk me through where you guys are with the debt reduction program there?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, the cash may be that we refinanced over the quarter end. We raised some money and I think we had a maturity on October 1 or the first few days of October. So our cash probably really looks heavy, but that was just for a couple of days. But generally, you're right, we have paid down $250 million of debt this year, and we would expect -- I think our debt at DP&L is reasonably solid. It's above $800 million, $850 million kind of range. But up at PUCO we have about $1.4 billion, and we would expect to pay down -- as I've said, $250 million this year is largely done, but we'd expect to have the ability to pay down $50 million to $70 million or so a year, largely with our new bank agreement.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: $50 million to $70 million per year. And that's based on the latest ESP?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes.
Ahmed Pasha: Sure. Veronica, can we take last question, please?
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions, sir.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay. We thank everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing many of you at the conference. With that, if you have any questions, please feel free to call our IR team, and have a nice day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Strategy & Investment Committee Thomas M. O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andrew Martin Vesley - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Brian A. Miller - Acting Chief Compliance Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I'd now turn the meeting over to Ahmed Pasha. Sir, you may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call of The AES Corporation. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at AES.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andres. Andres?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Ahmed, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will focus my comments on 3 areas: Our operating performance and progress on our strategic objectives during the second quarter; an update on a couple of our key businesses; and a review of our most important initiatives to maximize the value of our portfolio. Turning to Slide 4. Our financial results for the quarter were in line with our expectations. We increased our adjusted earnings per share by $0.14 to $0.32. Our continued focus on improving operational performance and reducing corporate overhead contributed significantly to our results for the quarter. We achieved these results despite a $0.05 impact from the worst hydrology in Latin America in many decades. With our year-to-date results, we're on track to achieve our full year guidance on all metrics. Tom will discuss our financial performance and guidance in more detail. In addition to solid financial results, we made continued progress towards our 3 main strategic objectives. Turning to Slide 5. Our first strategic objective is to improve profitability. As you may remember, we committed to a reduction of $145 million in overhead cost by 2014 relative to 2011. During the quarter, we reduced our G&A expense by another $15 million from last year. Based on our progress so far, I'm pleased to report that we have accelerated our efforts and expect to achieve $135 million this year, which is $15 million higher than our prior forecast. Over the last 2 years, we've reduced our G&A by more than 1/3. Our second strategic objective is to narrow our geographic and business focus. As you can see on Slide 6, since May, we have sold 2 additional assets for net equity proceeds of $56 million. We sold our 10% stake in a gas-fired plant in Trinidad, which was not an attractive market for us, given its small size and lack of growth opportunities. The sale of 48 megawatts of wind turbines, which we had held in storage, was purely a commercial decision as we did not find an attractive project for these older technology machines. These 2 transactions bring our total sales proceeds year-to-date to approximately $230 million, just under 50% of our 2013 target of $500 million, which we expect to achieve. Since September 2011, we have closed the sale of 16 businesses for total proceeds of $1.1 billion. We have exited 7 countries and are now present in 21, down from 28 2 years ago. We are working hard to further simplify our portfolio by continuing to exit those markets and businesses where we do not have a compelling competitive advantage. We will keep you posted as soon as we are able to disclose specific additional transactions. Turning to Slide 7. Our third strategic objective is to optimize capital allocation, aiming to maximize risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. As we've said in previous calls, when making investment decisions, we require the various uses of discretionary cash to compete against one another, including delevering, returning cash to shareholders and investing in platform expansions. Earlier this year, when we discussed our 2013 capital allocation plan, we indicated that debt reduction was a significant priority for us. To that end, during the second quarter, we successfully completed $1.8 billion in parent debt refinancing and delevering, including $300 million of recourse debt prepayment. As a result of these transactions, we have extended the average term of our recourse debt to about 7 years and lowered our interest expense by $50 million. Overall, we have prepaid more than $1 billion of debt in the last 2 years. With respect to the stock buyback, we have been indicating that our discretionary cash would be back-end loaded this year. However, when our stock price recently softened, we bought back 5.3 million shares at an average price of $11.81, for a total investment of $63 million. At present, we have a remaining share buyback authorization for 237 million. This September 2011, we have repurchased 39 million shares or approximately 5% of our shares outstanding at an average price of $11.58, for a total investment of $453 million. As well as share repurchases, we have implemented an annual dividend of $0.16 per share. We remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks, in addition to creating long-term value by investing in select platform expansion opportunities. Later on this call, Tom will update you on our capital allocation plans for the rest of the year. Now I'd like to give you a brief update on 2 of our businesses to address some of the questions we're hearing from investors. Turning to Slide 8, in Bulgaria, a new government was put in place following the election in May. As some of you may know, the prior government was forced out due to social unrest, partly driven by protests over the perception of high energy prices. We continue to honor all of our obligations under our PPA and expect other parties to do the same. Maritza is an important business for us, and we are closely monitoring the situation in Bulgaria. We have also been in constructive discussions with our offtaker, NEK, and the new Bulgarian government. Our objective is to preserve the value of our contract, and we will keep you informed if there are any further developments. Next, turning to Slide 9, and DP&L's ESP proceeding. We have not yet received the final counter [ph] approval. All of the key milestones in the process have been completed, including prefiled testimony, the hearing and the post-hearing briefing. The only remaining item is for the commission to issue its decision. We don't believe that there are any significant issues pending with the commission and expect that we will receive our new tariff in the near future. Lastly, now on Slide 10, I would like to share a few thoughts on how we are creating more value for our shareholder. First, we're engaging partners for both our existing businesses and new growth projects to tailor our risk exposure, reduce capital requirements, leverage strategic relationships and maximize our return. This approach allows us to undertake larger projects, to extract greater synergies and economies of scale while managing the equity exposure we have on any particular project, technology or market. Partners provide an additional market test and can pay or promote our management fee, which further increases our returns by up to 200 basis points. We have already closed several partnerships of this type, Cochrane in Chile, Mong Duong in Vietnam, and we recently signed a similar agreement with the Antofagasta Minerals mining company to take a 40% stake in the 531-megawatt Alto Maipo hydro project. Antofagasta Minerals also signed a 20-year power purchase agreement for 160 megawatts. We're now in the process of raising nonrecourse financing for Alto Maipo and expect construction to begin later this year. For the same reasons, we're also looking more broadly at opportunities in our portfolio to monetize the value of certain assets through partial sell-downs and contract optimizations. Second, asset sales are an important component of our plan to reposition our portfolio to improve returns and reduce overall risk. We will continue to exit markets and businesses where we do not have or cannot develop a compelling competitive advantage. In addition to the $1.1 billion in asset sales we have already completed, we see the potential for another $900 million in asset sales within the next 2 years. Any net proceeds from portfolio rationalization will be deployed in a manner consistent with our capital allocation framework. Third, we see additional opportunities to optimize our assets and further streamline our cost structure. For example, we're improving the efficiency of our operations through our continuous improvement program, APEX, and further leveraging our global scale in procuring equipment, chemicals, insurance and fuel. We're also evaluating opportunities across our fleet to standardize equipment and processes and to improve the cost effectiveness of our operations. These opportunities include closing the cycle at Los Mina in the Dominican Republic, adding fogging technology where appropriate to our CCGTs, studying ways to reduce inventories and lower business interruption costs through our transformer loss control program. For this program, we have designed and built a multiuse transformer, which can be ready for quick deployment should a transformer failure occur at a key facility. It is important to note that despite all of our cost-saving initiatives, the company's safety and operational indicators are the best they have ever been. And this year, we won our third consecutive EEI International Edison Award for operational innovation and improvement. Finally, in my view, AES has an unmatched footprint in many key markets where demand for electricity is expected to grow for the foreseeable future. Our growth is largely focused on expanding our platforms in such markets. In Chile, where we are seeing some of the highest levels of power demand growth in our portfolio, there's a limited pipeline of permitted new projects. We recently started construction on the 532-megawatt Cochrane coal-fired plant. And as I previously explained, we're making good progress on the 531-megawatt Alto Maipo hydro project. In the Philippines, where GDP growth continues in the 5% range, we're advancing on the development of Masinloc 2. We are securing the necessary permits and EPC contracts, while working to secure a long-term PPA for 300 to 600 megawatts to support the expansion. In India, GDP growth is still expected to be more than 5%. We believe that the 1,320-megawatts OPGC II expansion project, with its own dedicated source of low-cost coal, will be a competitive plant in the Indian power market. We continue to work closely with our partner, the state government of Odisha, to complete the remaining development milestones. In Vietnam, construction on our 1,240 Mong Duong project remains on budget and on time for 2015 commissioning. Although it is not one of our rapidly growing markets, at IPL in Indiana, we will upgrade 2,400 megawatts of baseload coal-fired generation to comply with MATS, and we are developing a 600-megawatt CCGT power plant. Approximately 55% of this $1.1 billion future increase in rate space will be financed with nonrecourse debt at the IPL level. In addition to these large development projects, we also see opportunities to leverage our existing infrastructure by offering adjacent services. For example, in California, Chile and the Dominican Republic, we're assessing leveraging our platform to provide desal capabilities at our existing plants to deliver water to local industrials. While these programs are individually fairly small, such projects can be leveraged across our businesses and completed fairly quickly, as they utilize existing infrastructure and do not require significant development spend. In summary, I am pleased that we are making good progress on a number of fronts that will result in sustainable earnings growth and improved returns on our invested capital. With that, let me turn the call over to Tom, who will discuss our financial performance and 2013 outlook in more detail.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thanks, Andres, and good morning, everyone. We're on track for the year, and we're reaffirming our guidance on all metrics. Today, I'd like to review our second quarter results, including adjusted EPS, results by SBU and proportional free cash flow, then I'll discuss our 2013 guidance and capital allocation updates. Turning to Slide 12. Hydrology has been a challenge across several of our SBUs. On a proportional basis, 12% of our installed capacity is hydro. We've seen very dry conditions in many of our markets. During the second quarter, we had a $0.05 drag and poor hydrology across our portfolio, including in Panama, Colombia, Chile, Brazil and Turkey. This brings our year-to-date impact from poor hydrology to $0.08 per share. The situation has improved, but based upon current reservoir levels, we expect another $0.04 impact in the second half, bringing the full year hydrology impact to $0.12 a share. This is an increase of $0.06 relative to our expectations as of the end of the first quarter. We are, however, seeing some recovery. Hydrology and reservoir levels in Brazil are nearing a normal range at this point. It's currently the rainy season in both Panama and Colombia where water inflows are roughly 20% to 30% below historical levels, that we've seen some improvement in Colombia over the last few weeks. Critical point is that we're offsetting these impacts with other opportunities in our portfolio and reaffirming our guidance. I'll touch on the specifics in a moment. Now to Slide 13. Adjusted EPS increased $0.14 for the second quarter. Net of the $0.05 impact from dry conditions, operational improvements at the SBUs contributed $0.05, driven by Gener in Andes, Uruguaiana in Brazil and the Dominican Republic and El Salvador businesses in MCAC. I'll cover the specifics of each SBU, but first, let me touch on taxes. As you may recall, we anticipated some tax favorability this year as we assumed a full year tax rate of roughly 27%. This rate implied about $0.03 of favorability for the second quarter. However, our year-to-date rate is 20%, benefiting from geographic income mix and timing within the year of certain tax benefits and expenses. Further, we favorably resolved some outstanding tax items during the quarter. Collectively, these items added another $0.03, bringing the total quarterly tax benefit to $0.06 a share. Finally, for the quarter, we saw a $0.03 benefit from lower G&A to parent and lower share count. Now I'd like to review the operating drivers of adjusted pretax contribution, or PTC, for each of our SBUs during the quarter. As a reminder, PTC is essentially pretax earnings adjusted for one-time gains or losses on unrealized derivatives in foreign currency, dispositions and losses on retirements of debt and impairments. We currently don't make these adjustments for our small number of equity method investments but expect to begin making these adjustments in the third quarter. Turning to Slide 14 in the U.S. We reported a modest decline of $9 million PTC, mostly are utilities. This is consistent with our expectations for the year. At DPL, we experienced continued pressure on margins from lower capacity prices and customer switching. A 65% of the load at DP&L has switched to competitive providers. At IPL, retail demand was down due to milder weather during the early summer months. And in Andes, we reported an increase for the quarter of $36 million in PTC, despite the impact of low hydrology in Chile and Colombia. The growth was driven by a new Ventanas IV facility, a 270-megawatt coal-fired project in Central Chile, which achieved COD in March of this year. Additionally, we benefited from higher availability in Chile in contrast with significant outages at Gener last year. In Brazil, PTC increased $23 million for the quarter, largely due to a favorable reversal of a provision at Uruguaiana. As you may remember, when Uruguaiana's gas supply was curtailed several years ago, we brought an arbitration against YPF, a former gas supplier now controlled by the government of Argentina. This quarter, we won the arbitration on the merits and reversed the provision we had previously recorded. This development was worth $26 million in PTC or about $0.03 and was consistent with our expectations. We believe this step in the arbitration process will help us resolve the dispute with YPF and bring this plant back into permanent service. Retail was flat for the quarter. On the utility side, Eletropaulo improved for the quarter as a result of the tariff reset catch-up provision recorded in the second quarter of last year, so a decrease for the quarter is a result of its tariff reset which was finalized in April of this year. Now MCAC on Slide 15. We had an increase of $10 million in PTC for the quarter despite the impact of low water inflows in Panama. We recorded higher spot volumes in the Dominican Republic and a higher tariff in El Salvador as a result of the tariff reset approved by the regulator in late 2012. At EMEA, during the quarter, PTC increased modestly by $7 million. This was a result of higher margin in the United Kingdom due to improved availability at Ballylumford and higher dark spreads at Kilroot. These were partially offset by the impact of an unrealized derivative loss of $0.02 in Turkey, which as I mentioned earlier, as of the second quarter, is not excluded from adjusted EPS because Turkey is one of our few equity method investments. Finally, turning to Asia. PTC declined $15 million for the quarter, consistent with our expectations. As you may remember, Masinloc is a long-term contract starting this year at prices moderately below last year's spot levels to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility. Now to cash flow on Slide 16. We generated $148 million of proportional free cash flow this quarter. Year-to-date, we're at about $500 million or 56% of our 2013 guidance midpoint. The quarter-over-quarter decline of $65 million was largely driven by lower operating cash at Gener, which had a value-added tax refund last year. In addition, we recorded higher environmental capital expenditures at IPL and Gener, consistent with our expectations for the year. Now I'll cover guidance on Slide 17. As I said, we're reaffirming 2013 guidance. Year-to-date, we've earned about 45% of our adjusted EPS, midpoint of $1.28, which is consistent with our expectations that earnings will be somewhat more weighted towards the second half. Relative to our last call in early May, we've incorporated foreign currency and commodity forward curves as of June 30, resulting in a reduction of about $0.01. Also, we've included the additional $0.06 impact from hydrology I touched on earlier. On the positive side, we've had some favorability on our full year tax rate, which we now expect to be roughly 24% compared to our prior assumption of 27%. This improvement added $0.05 for the year. Finally, as Andres mentioned, we accelerated our cost cutting, refinanced recourse debt at lower rates, repurchased some shares. Together, these actions added $0.02 for the year compared to our prior guidance. You may remember that we provided some PTC modeling assumptions for SBUs with our prior guidance. We generally don't expect to update these ranges on a quarterly basis. That said, our SBUs are generally still in those ranges, though some are at the lower end, primarily as a result of hydrology and lower power demand growth in Brazil. As a result, we've narrowed our range for total PTC by reducing the top end, which brings the midpoint down by $50 million. Again, we've offset the unfavorable PTC impact of the SBUs with favorability on tax and accelerated cost management. Finally, turning to Slide 18, our capital allocation plan for the year. Since last quarter, our equity proceeds and asset sales have increased by nearly $60 million as a result of the Trinidad and wind turbine asset sales that Andres discussed. We expect to be in the higher end of our $400 million to $500 million range for parent free cash flow, which, as you know, is an important driver of our dividend policy. Therefore, based upon announced transactions, we're projecting discretionary cash of roughly $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. Turning to uses. As Andres mentioned, we refinanced $750 million of parent debt and prepaid another $300 million. Including the premiums, we used $464 million of parent cash to complete these transactions. In addition, we refinanced our $800 million revolver, extending its maturity to June 2018 and reducing the margin by 75 basis points. Also, we repurchased 5.3 million shares for a total investment of $63 million. Our current forecast includes $195 million for investment in our subsidiaries, and year-to-date, we've invested $87 million. This leaves discretionary cash to be allocated approximately $100 million to $250 million for the year. I'd like to highlight that it only includes asset sales proceeds received to date. We expect this to increase based on additional transactions in the pipeline. We continue to use our discretionary cash as a tool to maximize value for our shareholders. Last quarter, we talked about using up to $200 million of our discretionary cash to fund the equity requirements for platform expansions at Gener. Since then, we've explored other funding alternatives for these investments. As we see it today, our participation in a potential equity issuance at Gener and Chile should be no more than $100 million. We'll keep you updated as our plans progress. In summary, we're on track for the year, and our continued execution of our strategy will help us deliver on our commitments to shareholders. Now back to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. Operator, we'll now open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jon Cohen from the ISI Group.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So a couple of things. First of all, there's been some reports in the press about you looking to exit your stake in Cameroon. So now, I'm sure you don't want to talk too much about it, but can you give us a sense of just some of the high-level financial metrics there, maybe like book value and contribution at PTC?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, of course, I can't comment and I haven't. A lot of our -- none of our possible asset sales, we sort of laid out how we look at businesses and how we sell them. I would say that the -- that is within the EMEA region, and it's a relatively modest contributor to earnings and a very small contributor to our parent operating cash flow or dividends back to corp.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my other question, so it looks like you're at $500 million for proportional free cash flow for the year, which is almost half of the top end of your range. And you said that most of your earnings and cash flow from ops are going to be back-end loaded. So can we infer from that, that you'll do -- you could do better than the top end of the range for your proportional free cash flow, and what would that mean to the parent free cash flow?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, I would say that the parent free cash -- I mean, no, we're not going to -- as we're saying, we're staying within our guidance at this point. But as Tom indicated, we were doing better on the cash metric.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. I think, Jon, I said it's the proportional free cash flow. I think I'd say that proportional free cash flow, we just stay with the ranges we have. I think the parent free cash flow, we're actually more conservative with that range going out at the start of the year, so we're now focused towards the top end of that range. And as we consider dividend policy later in the year, that's an important baseline.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, can you just give us a sense of what the rate -- long-term effective tax rate is? So it looks like this year, your earnings are going to benefit about $0.11 versus last year from tax. Is that something that should reverse over time? Or can we assume that your tax rate is going to stay close to where it was [indiscernible]?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What we have in our long-term projections is low 30s. And so -- yes, this year in particular. This is very much effective from where the earnings come. So the earnings, for example, Brazil is having lower earnings, that is a high tax jurisdiction. If you have more earnings, for example, coming from Chile, that's a low tax jurisdiction.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. So I think, Jon, you're right. I think as we look at sort of a run rate cutting through the differences, if next year is a normalized year on a similar path of earnings, we'd be about $0.10 to $0.12 higher in taxes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Andres, listening to your comments, particularly on the cost reduction front, the fact that you will be running ahead of plan this year, how should we think about the fact that, that $145 million target through '14 could end up being conservative? I mean, what's your confidence level that it will go up? And related to that, in the past, you've talked about the fact that even though you're officially looking at 4% to 6% EPS growth, your aspiration would be to get it back up to 6% to 8%. What's your confidence level on doing that, and when could we start to see signs of that happening?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. I think in the first part of the question, how do we feel about our overhead cost reduction target. And first, I want to say, this is our overhead cost reduction targets. We're doing a lot of other things in the businesses. So first, yes, we feel confident that we will exceed the $145 million. We'll give you more exact indication how far we think that will go when we update our guidance for next year, in the fourth quarter, after we've finished our budget. And regarding the second question, as we said, we'll work very hard to exceed the sort of total return, as we set out at 6% to 8%. But we are facing significant headwinds. The dry hydrology this year is, in many cases, the worst the country's experienced in 70 years. And what's been very unusual is that the north of Latin America and the south of Latin America were correlated, which is usually they're not correlated, they're going opposite directions. As well as FX and commodities, but we remain committed to try to exceed this goal.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Second question. I know you guys had looked at this, potentially IPO-ing your solar assets in Toronto, pulled back on that. Since then, there's been excitement about this so-called yield cost structure. Other companies have tried it, and that seems to have been accepted well by investors. What would be your appetite for a structure like that? And what's your thinking on your portfolio in a yield-curve-type format?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, what we think -- again, the process that we're in now of bringing in partners on our projects and our businesses, especially financial partners, we're allowed to operate and really extract the synergies and economies of scale is the way to go. Now regarding the solar, we did look at a yield base, in sort of a yield curve on solar. We still have Mount Signal in construction, which is 260 megawatts of solar in Imperial Valley in California. And so, really, it was not completed. We weren't happy with the price and wait until there's less sort of construction risk and revisit this. So what I can say is that we're looking at all possible ways of getting the most value out of our footprint and out of our assets. That's really what we think it's all about. This is a capital-intensive business. And what we want to do is at each -- we have an unmatched footprint. We have a very good brand names, we have very good contracts, very good assets, it's really how can we maximize the returns from that invested capital. I don't know, Tom, do you want to add something?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: No, I think you said it well, Andres. I'd say we do look at ways that we can attract capital at more attractive levels. We certainly do at the project level with partnerships that Andres has touched on. We did look at the solar situation in the North and thought it was a good concept, we just weren't comfortable with the value. It may look better in the future once Mount Signal gets online. But...
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Last question. Just to be clear on the asset sale goals you've talked about, so you've done about $234 million year-to-date. Did I hear you right that you still expect to do $500 million by the end of this year? And then the $900 million number you've talked about, is that incremental to the $500 million? Or does that incorporate the remaining portion of that $500 million?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Sort of the 2 parts of the question. First, yes, we remain optimistic that we can reach the $500 million in net proceeds to AES this year. And when you talk about the $900 million -- when I talk about the $900 million, that's up and above the $230 million that has already been closed this year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the starting point is after what has been done so far this year?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's correct. And if you remember, when we first started talking about it, we always said there was a universe around $2 billion. And what we're saying at this stage is that we feel confident that we can reach that -- from now to the next 2 years, complete this and hit the $2 billion figure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So quick first question here on the Gener funding of the equity layer, I suppose, later this year, is that really due to the Alto Maipo sale, and just kind of keeping your stake at a comparable level as it is today?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: No, Julien. It's Tom. It's really more -- Alto Maipo is on track. The partnership is very consistent with our expectations and what we've worked on for the last 6 months. It's really how Gener fund their equity piece into Alto. And we're looking at some scenarios that would have some non-equity which could reduce the Gener new issue common into the market.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Ultimately, would you keep the existing stake that you have in Gener with the $100 million?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, that's our expectation. So when you said up to $100 million, that would be roughly 70% of the deal, so that would assume that Gener would do an equity deal of $150 million, $175 million, something like that. Appreciate it's still work in process, but it also impacts how we see relative values. And so even if Gener went a little larger than we can subscribe to up to 70%, we can also dial it back if we want.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. And I'd like to add there, the way we're looking at the portfolio is that we really target even in the sense that through something like this, emission of shares at Gener, we can target the exact amount that we want and so -- also buy some of the sell-downs, so we'll be doing partial sell-downs. So what we're doing is really optimizing our portfolio and seeing where we get the -- we feel the best returns. Of course, it's a strategic objective of controlling these companies so that we can really extract the synergies from having this global portfolio.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great, excellent. So perhaps the next question, just going back to the discussion on asset sales and partnerships. Just if you can provide some sense of magnitude for what these potential partnerships could yield in any kind of metrics, if you will, but just a little bit more detail there.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, that's a little bit tough. And as you know...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Do you have a target maybe or anything like that, that you want to throw out there?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: What I would say, in the number I gave you, the $900 million, some of that could be partial sell-downs than the $200 million that we are -- or $900 million that we're going to do over the next 2 years. So part of that could be partial sell-downs, and we could sell down at various levels. And again, the basic idea is to be able to tailor the risks that we want in markets that we want in technologies. So for example, take something like Alto Maipo, we want half of that project, because that's what we feel would be optimal for Gener and for us. And the same thing is the decision between Cochrane and Alto Maipo is to be able to do both projects. So as Tom mentioned, we will look at what's the optimal mix of partnerships and new equity, for example, into Gener.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then lastly on Bulgaria, I mean, you talked about preserving the contract value. And I know it's a little tough to talk about it right now, but what are those potential avenues, if you can talk about it at all, frankly.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Just to give you a sort of -- we have a great asset there. It's the only major plant in Bulgaria which is EU 16 compliant, very good contract. There's some things going on in Bulgaria, we're on top of that. I think Andy can comment a little bit more on the specific actions.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Julien, it's Andy Vesley. I really don't want to talk about all kind of options because quite honestly, our discussions associated with...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Andy, I'm not sure we can quite hear you.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Sorry, Julien. It's Andy Vesley. In terms of what's going on in Bulgaria, as you know, what's driving all these issues are the perception of the high energy prices, and that's retail energy prices. And as you may be following, when the new government came in, they reduced distribution tariffs by 7%, and that was done by impacting the distribution companies' distribution value added. August 1, they've come out with a new regime, basically reducing energy prices again by 5%, and that is going to other generators and not those who have PPAs like AES. The real issue that we're focusing on the moment is with our offtake in NEK and their liquidity because the primary focus for us right now is making sure our accounts are current. So we're in constant discussions. We had very productive discussions. They are working very hard to find ways of continuing to meet their obligations to us. At the moment, that's where our discussions are. And it's a changing situation. The Bulgarian government has taken a lot of steps in the sector, a lot of focus on NEK and how it's structured. So at this point, it's our relationship with NEK, which is in front of us, and the most immediate issue is to make sure that they continue to meet their obligation in paying for the energy that we provide them. So that's where we are at the moment. And as this goes forward, we'd be happy to update.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then actually, just a quick one on Uruguaiana in Brazil, any update on re-contracting there?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: On Uruguaiana, in terms of the actual operations of the plant, we operated for 2 months, and we expect to probably get it back up in September. This has to do with the Brazilians, as you know, because of the drought, they have managed their reservoirs very well and have been requesting a lot more thermal into the system. Now some of that, of course, has been socialized across all the generators, including Japan, that's affected somewhat the results. But yes, we do expect to be operating it once again, probably in September.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And that would be on a go-forward basis, just from a modeling perspective? Would that be...
Andrew Martin Vesley: Well, we're not ready to say that yet. I mean, the real issue becomes -- right now, in Brazil, as you know, they're still using a lot of thermal generation. So the ability to have Uruguaiana available to provide supply to help rebuild the reservoir levels is essential. And actually, the Brazilian government had said that. The real issue becomes the relationship between Brazil and Argentina and getting the gas. As you remember, the last time when we restarted the plant, it was Brazilian gas transported through Argentina. So there are a few pieces that have to work. Those conversations are ongoing, they're active, and we're very hopeful that we will not only be able to get the plant back, as Andres said, in an emergency situation, whether this year, but as we resolve the YPF situation, we'll have a long-term commitment.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. That's good to clarify. I mean, when I say September, on the month of September, our goal is to have it long-term available, constantly available, and receive capacity payments, et cetera. And we do have very good relations with both governments, and we're in conversations and we're optimistic this will happen.
Operator: Our next question will come from Charles Fishman from Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on that last -- or one of the previous questions on Bulgaria. What is your total exposure right now to NEK?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Our total exposure is about, let's say, 5% of our total PTC, pretax contribution. And I would say that our exposure, as you can see in the Q, is about $80 million in terms of, let's say, accounts receivable that are past due. But I'd say that that's basically -- on book value, I think it's somewhere around 590...
Andrew Martin Vesley: But we focused on the PTC number, so a little over 100, 110, something like that.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. But just to put it in context, as Andy said, I mean, right now, our focus is really on making sure we maintain the receivables at this level. The plant is operating very well, and the issues that the sector is facing in Bulgaria have a lot -- really are driven by this. It has to do with some of the legacy plants, increasing their exports of energy, and they've taken the right steps. So it's a question of strengthening any case cash flow more than anything else.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: You've had a contractual issue with the contract around that plant at one time. Is that still in arbitration?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: We didn't -- well, we basically did have an issue with a contractor on that. And I think Brian can comment on that.
Brian A. Miller: You're correct. It's still in arbitration, and the hearing is scheduled for later this year and the beginning of 2014.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just roughly, what's your exposure on that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, I'd say, our exposure, I mean, basically, it's -- we have, let's say, the funds that were put up for, let's say, losses caused by the contractor, I think are about -- well, about EUR 90 million to EUR 100 million, and that we feel our exposure here is minimal in terms of -- if any. Because what happened is that we asked them to exit the construction site and we completed it ourselves with some assistance from some technical firms, and we did get it up to nameplate capacity. I don't know, Brian, you can -- want to comment any more on that?
Brian A. Miller: No, it's accurate. And obviously, it's in arbitration, so we need to be a little less talkative about the issue.
Operator: Next, we have Gregg Orrill from Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering if you could touch on parent free cash flow and how you see that trending into 2014 and ongoing? I know you said you are looking at the top end of the higher part of your guidance for this year. And then within that, just a couple of drivers, I know you said the parent interest was on a run rate reduction of $50 million, and how that compares to your expectation, and whether you can increase those savings going forward. And then lastly, on the MCAC region, I think you had some spot sales there, just how that's tracking relative to your PTC ranges from the Analyst Day and going forward.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Gregg, let me hit -- try those. From a parent free cash flow, I think our range for this year, $400 million to $500 million, was conservative. And as I said, we're more comfortable with the higher end of the range. You may remember last year, the number was about $520 million, $525 million. I think $500 million is a generally good run rate for us. We haven't got a specific number for next year, in '15, but that's a generally good number, maybe $450 million to $500 million. As we look out longer term, with some new plants coming online, especially Mong Duong, which comes on later in '15, we do think '16 and thereafter, we'll have some good ability for us to grow off of that base, if you will. But certainly, as it impacts dividends, as we've talked, we think we can grow into a range and then grow the baseline on a longer-term basis. Andy, I don't know if you want to touch on the spot sales...
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Gregg, could you clarify the question? I didn't hear it very well, for Andy. The second part of the question regarding MCAC.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The second part of the question is related to just how you were trending relative to the PTC guidance on MCAC and how you see that business going forward.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Yes. Gregg, maybe I'll just say that I think MCAC was still in the range, trending towards the lower part of that -- some meaningful offsets from Panama where we have said had some improved results out of the Dominican Republic. So it's still -- we're still below the midpoint in MCAC, but the DR is done well and I think benefited from some market conditions there.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then on interest expense going forward, additional savings and how it's coming in versus expectations?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, I think we will have some -- the interest savings that we're seeing this year, we'll have some continuation of that. I think it's in the 30-ish range, maybe $0.03 to $0.04, Gregg, from a bottom line EPS impact.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Chin from Merrill Lynch..
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you give us a little bit of update on Indianapolis Power & Light? Two things, one, I know that the CCGT decision is still early 2014, but any sort of color on updates on that? And then secondly, could you give us an update on the environmental retrofit settlement agreement, did the commission decide on that, what's the latest on that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. I think Andy can certainly can update you on the first part.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Yes. Brian, it's Andy Vesley. In terms of the CCGT, where we are in the process is we do expect, as you know, we filed for the CPCN almost a year ago, and we do anticipate getting a decision out of the commission on it this month, and we expected it to be on the last agenda. It wasn't -- well, we do anticipate it being at the end of this month. We don't anticipate any difficulty, and we were not aware of any issues that will come up. So we believe we'll be moving forward with that as per our schedule and as we've discussed before. In terms of the second part of your question, maybe if we're talking about -- are we talking about the MATS investment?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Certainly, it's the MATS.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, I was thinking of the retrofits and settlement agreement that had been reached between Indianapolis Power & Light and the consumer groups. I think I have in my notes here that a decision by the commission was expected some time around the middle of this year, but maybe I've got my notes wrong. I just wanted to [indiscernible] right update.
Andrew Martin Vesley: Yes. Brian, I'm going to have to say that I'm aware of those ongoing discussions. I know that there had been a lot of proposal put back and forth. I am not aware that we have a decision, so we'll have to update you because I don't have any new information on that.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Okay, fair enough. And then second topic, I believe you said in the prepared remarks that the share buyback that's been done so far leaves about 237 million left that's been authorized. Is that correct?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's correct.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Based on the run rate of how much you guys have been buying back in terms of shares, that leaves about another year or so of share buybacks, if you just use the same run rate. Should we expect to see at some point over the next, call it, 2 or 3 quarters, an increase to the authorization amount, just to give you guys the flexibility in the event that shares do decline?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. As I've always said, the authorizations are really no issue in terms of us getting authorizations. The question is, as we make our capital allocation plans as we decide to do different things. So as I've said in the past, this is -- we have it. It's on the shelf. We can use it as we feel it is appropriate. If, for any reason, we wanted to exceed that amount, and of course, we could go back to the board and discuss it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Most of my questions have been answered. But just back on comments you guys made on Bulgaria in terms of aiding any case, cash flow or liquidity, could you just elaborate a little bit more on that? I did notice that the receivables obviously rose and such. But what sort of -- how would you guys could be -- what has actually sort of contemplated with respect to that, if I understood that correctly?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, I think the most -- again these are decisions of the Bulgarian government, but there's certainly -- one of the things that NEK has faced is some relatively high export taxes, and just kind of lowering some of those export taxes to allow them to export more energy into the area and get more revenues from that. And also, it's a question of some of the legacy costs that they have from some of the less-efficient plants. I don't know, Andy, do you have anything to add really to that?
Andrew Martin Vesley: Yes. Paul, Andy Vesley here. The only thing I would say is that the liquidity issue in NEK is being worked by the government and the sector, and the new regime are looking for a lot of nonenergy cash visibility in NEK. Their laws have been changes in the taxes on energy. But let me put it into some perspective. I think our accounts are about $84 million, of which, 75% are less than 60-day aged. We've been in this situation with them before, and we've always been able to come to an arrangement. Without going to too much detail at the moment, we've received a letter from NEK basically with the proposal that would make them whole rather in the first quarter and a payment scheme. So everything seems productive there. And of course, it very much depends on a lot of this new regime coming into place, but the relationship we have, in any case, is very positive, it's very open. We meet with them regularly. We have solved this type of issue in the past, and we're trying to be as flexible as we can so we can have a long-term solution. They have an issue. Everybody's working on it. We want to be part of that solution. And given the past performance of NEK and our contacts with the government, we feel we're back on the path to having a resolution. And as that becomes firm, we'll be able to update everybody on it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. That's great. And then just on the 587 [ph] of net equity, that's the total exposure, is that right? There's no -- you guys don't have any parent guarantees or anything else with respect to the Maritza or whatever? Is that...
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. No, that's correct. It's all nonrecourse financing.
Operator: No other questions are in queue at this time.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. Well, thank you, operator. Before we conclude today's call, let me reiterate that we are reaffirming our guidance, that we continue to execute on our strategic plan, that we will continue to reduce cost and rationalize our portfolio. As we've previously laid out, we are maintaining a balanced approach to allocate capital towards deleveraging, returning cash to shareholders and investing in platform expansion to maximize risk-adjusted returns. We look forward to seeing you in the near future. And with that, I will now turn the call back to Ahmed.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks, Andres, and we thank everybody for joining us today. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: Today's call has ended. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Finance & Investment Committee Thomas M. O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Andrew Martin Vesey - Chief Operating Officer of Global Utilities and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc. Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] I would like to inform participants that today's call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And I would now like to turn the call over to your conference host today, to Mr. Ahmed Pasha. Sir, you may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Cre [ph]. Good morning, and welcome to the fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings call of The AES Corporation. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at AES.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Ahmed, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your joining us today. I will begin with a quick review of our 2012 and then update you on our longer-term strategy. Tom will then discuss our results and 2013 guidance in more detail. On Slide 4, we finished 2012 with strong operating and financial results with adjusted EPS of $1.24. This represents a 22% increase relative to 2011 and is the highest adjusted EPS that we have achieved in the last 10 years. Similarly, we recorded a 33% increase in proportional free cash flow. These results were achieved despite headwinds at 3 of our larger businesses, AES Gener, Eletropaulo and DP&L, and reflect our commitment to pull multiple levers, including share repurchases and cost reductions, to deliver results. Also in 2012, we made significant progress in executing on our strategic plan, which we laid out in September of 2011. At that time, we identified 3 primary objectives for enhancing shareholder value, as described on Slide 5: first, improving the profitability of our existing portfolio; second, narrowing our geographic and business focus through asset sales to simplify our story, reduce risk and enhance our returns; and third, optimizing capital allocation. I will review our progress on each of these 3 objectives since we started to implement the plan. First, with respect to improving the profitability of our portfolio, we are focused on 3 key areas. As you can see on Slide 6, by rationalizing corporate overhead and development costs, we have reduced G&A expenses by $90 million. I am pleased to report that this is 38% more than our updated 2012 target of $65 million in savings. We're also looking hard at lowering the operating cost of our businesses, as discussed on Slide 7. To that end, we have reorganized into 6 market-facing strategic business units, or SBUs. This reorg will allow us to better align the businesses within each region, extract synergies across the portfolio and be more responsive to changes in the marketplace. Looking on our 2012 cost reduction efforts, we are on track to realize $145 million of recurring annual cost savings by 2014. The next area of focus is achieving positive regulatory outcomes and leveraging our commercial skill set and portfolio. I'd like to provide a brief update on regulatory proceedings in Ohio, Brazil and El Salvador on Slide 8. At DP&L, our Electric Security Plan, or ESP application, is designed to balance DP&L's need to maintain its financial integrity to the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, or PUCO's, desire for a more rapid evolution to market-based rates. If approved, the proposed ESP will allow DP&L to collect a non-bypassable stability rider, which, along with other aspects of our filing, will enable the company to earn a reasonable return on equity. In terms of the next milestones, we are currently in settlement negotiations with various interested parties. In parallel, the formal ESP approval process is moving forward, and the hearing indicates a schedule to begin March 11. If we do not reach a settlement, we expect the PUCO to rule on our ESP filing through the formal process by July 6. In the interim, we are operating under our prior rate plan, which was extended by the commission in December of last year. In Brazil, we are making progress on the tariff reset for Sul. The review process commenced in December of 2012, and a public hearing is currently under way. The national regulator, ANEEL, recently released a preliminary proposal, which suggests a slight reduction in the tariff for Sul using the lower weighted average cost of capital used in all recent tariff cases. ANEEL is still reviewing other aspects of the rate filing. Once implemented in April 2013, the tariff would be effective for the next 5 years. Finally, our distribution business in El Salvador received regulatory approval for their tariff for the next 5 years. The process in El Salvador resulted in a fair and reasonable outcome and is in line with our expectations. Now turning to Slide 9. I'd like to comment on an example of how we are leveraging our footprint and commercial skills. Our 640-megawatt Uruguaiana combined-cycle gas-fired plant is well positioned to respond to the increased need for thermal power in Brazil. As some of you may recall, back in 2008, we suspended operations of this relatively new plant, which was built around 2000. The suspension was driven by the lack of gas supply from Argentina. With the efforts of our commercial and operational teams in Brazil and Argentina earlier this month, we were able to secure gas to run this plant through the end of March. Our team in Brazil is currently working on various alternatives to return Uruguaiana to permanent service. Now turning to Slide 10 and the second objective of our overall strategy, which is narrowing our geographic and business focus. We're executing on a plan that will not only result in a lower overall risk profile, but it will also help us to shape a more focused and efficient company. I'm pleased to report that since September 2011, we have executed diligently, and we're on track to exit 5 countries, including the Czech Republic, France, Hungary, China and Ukraine. We have announced or closed the sale of 14 businesses for total proceeds of more than $1 billion at an average PE multiple of more than 20x 2011 earnings. For 2013, we're targeting $500 million in equity proceeds from additional asset sales. Earlier this month, we announced our plan to sell our 2 distribution businesses in the Ukraine. The price of the sale is $113 million. So we're looking to sign another $400 million or so in asset sales over the balance of the year. We will be using the proceeds in line with our capital allocation framework. These actions demonstrate our commitment to streamline our portfolio so that we can focus on creating value in the markets where we have a compelling competitive advantage. Now turning to Slide 11. I will cover our third strategic objective, optimizing capital allocation. Growth in shareholder value remains the number one priority for our management team, and I am encouraged by the progress we have made to date. In 2012, 82% of our discretionary investments were allocated to debt repayments, dividends and share buybacks. More specifically, since September 2011, we have prepaid more than $700 million of debt, which not only reduced our leverage and our financial risk but decreased our annual interest expense by approximately $40 million, which benefits both earnings and cash flow. We remain committed to reducing our leverage and achieving a strong BB credit metric over time. Another lever to create per share value is to invest in our stock. To that end, we have bought back 34 million shares since September of 2011, or approximately 4% of our outstanding shares, for $390 million at an average price of $11.55. Today, we are announcing an increase in our share buyback authorization by $300 million, all of which is currently available. We also initiated a cash dividend for the first time in almost 20 years at an annual rate of $0.16 per share, and we now have made 2 quarterly payments. From its current level, we expect to grow it modestly over time as we achieve our business and financial objectives. The third level of our capital allocation program is an investment in our platforms. Before I highlight some of the growth opportunities that we are focused on, I would like to mention that, as we've discussed in the past, we have implemented a very rigorous investment review process where each investment is evaluated against all other alternatives on a risk-adjusted basis. Additionally, our growth plans are focused on expanding from our existing platforms, where we have a competitive advantage and where we can benefit from enhanced capital efficiency by deploying cash generated at the businesses or by using local capital markets. We could earn attractive risk-adjusted returns with our platform expansions as these projects are more efficient to develop, construct and operate than traditional greenfield projects in a new location. Turning to Slide 12. We have a -- we have 790 megawatts of platform expansions coming online in 2013 and 2014. AES' equity investment in these project is approximately $280 million. All of these projects are expected to achieve commercial operations by the end of 2014 or earlier, so they will contribute to a full year of earnings in 2015. Based on our current forecast, we're estimating equity and cash returns of around 14% from these projects in 2015. We see many similar opportunities to leverage our footprint. Here are some examples of potential platform expansion projects. At IPL, our integrated utility business in Indiana, we're upgrading our baseload coal-fired plants to comply with the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, or MATS, as shown on Slide 13. This would require approximately $500 million of investments from 2013 to 2016, which will be funded by a combination of IPL debt and equity. We expect to earn regulated returns under IPL's environmental tracker, approval of which is expected by the second quarter of this year. We like this kind of predictable earnings profile, particularly when investments start earning cash returns during the construction phase. In addition, also at IPL, we're looking to replace some of our small peaking plants where we cannot justify the additional investment required to comply with environmental regulations. One of the options is to build a 650-megawatt combined-cycle gas-fired plant, which would commence construction in 2014 and be operational by 2017. If this option is approved by the regulator, we would start accruing earnings during construction. On Slide 14, we have listed 2 near-term potential projects. The first is our 532-megawatt coal-fired Cochrane project in Northern Chile. This project capitalizes on our existing platform and the continued expansion of Chile's mining and industrial sectors, where power demand has grown by more than 5% per year over the last 10 years. We brought in Mitsubishi as a 40% partner, and we expect to reach financial close later this year. Immediately adjacent to our successful Angamos plant, the 2 projects will share some of the existing infrastructure, such as coal handling and water intake facilities, which help improve the return profile of the -- this proposed project. The 531-megawatt Alto Maipo hydroelectric project in Central Chile is another advanced development project. It is largely an expansion of our existing run-of-the-river Alfalfal facility. We have all major permits and contracts in place, and the project is not only well positioned to take advantage of significant capacity constraints, but it would also diversify our generation mix in Chile, which is currently 87% thermal. We could begin construction later this year, and we are strongly considering partners for the project. For both projects, after nonrecourse debt and partner equity, AES Gener will invest roughly $600 million, and AES' share of that investment is approximately $425 million. Half of our investment would be funded by reduced dividends from AES Gener over the next few years, which we have included in our guidance. The other half of the investment could be funded with AES Gener corporate debt, a local equity issuance in Chile, or by additional equity from AES. Turning to Slide 15. We have included details on 2 other development opportunities in our pipeline. In the Philippines, we're currently developing a 300- to 600-megawatt expansion of our existing 660-megawatt Masinloc facility. This proposed project is well positioned to capitalize on the robust electricity demand growth in the Philippines, which has been growing at 3.5% annually over the last decade. Projected equity requirements from AES range up to $200 million, and once again, we may consider bringing in a partner. Finally, in India, we're making good progress on the development of a 1,300-megawatt expansion of our existing 420-megawatt OPGC plant. With low-cost, mine-mouth coal, this project is expected to be a competitive supplier in a high-growth, fuel-short and capacity-short power market. The state government of Odisha is our partner with a 51% interest in this business. The project has financing in place and is currently in the process of finalizing the remaining necessary land permits. We do not expect any significant amount of equity commitment in the near term as most of the capital costs will be funded through nonrecourse debt and cash being held or generated by the existing business. In summary, there are significant platform expansion projects in our portfolio that will help grow the earnings power of our company. We will evaluate these potential investments against all other alternatives, such as deleveraging and returning cash to shareholders. Now I will turn the call over to Tom, who will review our financial results for 2012, discuss our business drivers in more detail and provide 2013 guidance.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thanks, Andres. Good morning, all. As you may have noticed from the revised format of our press release and slides, we're now presenting our results by SBU, consistent with how we manage the businesses. If you've had time to look at our 10-K, you'll also see that we've tried to provide an overview of the key drivers of each SBU. We hope you'll find these changes and additional disclosures useful and, obviously, welcome your feedback. This morning, I'd like to review our 2012 results, including our performance against our guidance, earnings by SBU, proportional free cash flow and, finally, the execution of our 2012 capital allocation plan. Then I'll discuss our 2013 guidance and plans for capital allocation, as well as a brief update on our expected earnings trajectory through 2015. On Slide 17, as Andres mentioned, we achieved our 2012 guidance on key metrics and delivered significant growth in earnings and cash flow. Turning to Slide 18, we've included an analysis of our adjusted pretax contribution, or adjusted PTC, in 2012. Adjusted PTC is essentially our pretax earnings adjusted in the same way as adjusted EPS. The pie chart displays the contribution of each SBU. As you can see, our earnings are fairly evenly distributed among our SBUs. Further, our list of subsidiaries, AES Gener, Tietê and Eletropaulo, and public filers in the U.S., namely DPL and IPL, account for 1/3 of our adjusted PTC in 2012. I'd like to point out that to make our financial disclosures more user friendly, on Slide 36, we provide U.S. GAAP earnings, adjusted earnings and, where relevant, market values for our interest in our publicly listed subsidiaries. And now these businesses file their quarterly financial results in advance of us, so we can disclose their earnings contributions along with our results. For example, as of yesterday, the public market value of our interest in Gener was about $3.9 billion, and our share of their 2012 adjusted earnings is about $200 million. Adjusted PTC increased roughly $300 million in 2012, largely due to our new businesses. We also had strong operating performance in our generation facilities in the U.S. and Asia, which I'll discuss in a moment. Partially offsetting this growth, we faced challenges at our Andes and Brazil SBUs, the lower spot margins in second quarter, outages at Gener and the impact of the Eletropaulo tariff reset. I would like to walk through the key year-over-year trends for each SBU. Given this is the first time we're discussing our results by SBU, I'll remind you of the key businesses in each. On Slide 19, the U.S. SBU includes our 2 utilities in the Midwest, IPL and DP&L, as well as our U.S. generation business with 6,300 megawatts of capacity across the country. Overall, adjusted PTC grew by $229 million. Of this, $125 million was due to DP&L's first full year of operations as part of our portfolio. In addition, we saw growth at our plant in Hawaii and also at Southland through the temporary restart of Huntington Beach Units 3 and 4. In 2013, consistent with earlier comments, we expect a decline in U.S. adjusted PTC due in part to lower capacity prices and increased customer switching at DP&L. And also, we have planned outages at IPL. Next, the Andes SBU on Slide 20 includes our Gener platform, which owns more than 4,700 megawatts. In addition, we have our businesses in Argentina. In 2012, Andes recorded a reduction in adjusted PTC of $139 million. In Chile, Gener was impacted by lower spot margins due to lower energy exports from Argentina to Chile. In addition, partially due to outages in the second quarter, Gener covered some of its contracted sales with higher-cost replacement energy. These outages did not continue in the second half of 2012 as we successfully addressed the operating issues. These negative impacts were partially offset by the addition of our Angamos plant with an adjusted PTC of $11 million, and also efficient reservoir management at Chivor in Columbia. Despite the shortfalls of 2012, Andes is positioned for growth in 2013, driven by Chile. Campiche, or Ventanas IV, reached full load in February and should achieve commercial operations in the next few weeks. In addition, we expect to benefit from higher availability due to the maintenance performed in 2012. Going forward, Gener's contracts are aligned with its efficient generation capacity so it's less exposed to the volatility in spot prices. On Slide 21, our Brazil SBU includes 2 generation companies and 2 utilities. In terms of generation, Tietê has roughly 2,600 megawatts of hydro, and Uruguaiana has over 600 megawatts of gas-fired capacity. On the utility side, Eletropaulo and Sul distribute power to São Paulo and Rio Grande do Sul, respectively. In 2012, adjusted PTC from Brazil declined $94 million with the largest impacts from the tariff reset at Eletropaulo and the depreciation of the real. We expect growth in '13 with the initial restart of operations at Uruguaiana and recovery at Eletropaulo. Next, in MCAC on Slide 22, we have our generation businesses in Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean. A key driver for adjusted PTC growth of $82 million in '12 is our new contracted hydro plant, Changuinola in Panama, with an adjusted PTC increase of $80 million. We expect adjusted PTC from this SBU to modestly increase in 2013, reflecting the 5-year tariff reset Andres mentioned in El Salvador. In EMEA on Slide 23, we primarily have our generation businesses in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Again, our new business, Maritza in Bulgaria, accounted for most of the growth with an adjusted PTC contribution of $90 million. Onetime arbitration settlement at Cartagena in Spain also drove some results, as did higher dispatch at Kilroot in the United Kingdom. In 2013, we expect a decline in this SBU due to the non-recurrence of the Cartagena transaction and the impact of the sale of the Ukraine utilities. The Asia SBU on Slide 24 is primarily comprised of our 660-megawatt Masinloc facility in the Philippines, a 1,240-megawatt Mong Duong II project under construction in Vietnam, as well as modest contributions from our 420-megawatt OPGC plant in India. We recorded an adjusted PTC increase of $102 million, primarily due to higher demand and favorable spot prices at Masinloc. At the end of last year, Masinloc entered into a 7-year contract, which effectively hedges 85% of its output. Contract includes a fuel pass-through, and the revenue is denominated in local currency as indexed to the U.S. dollar. It should reduce the volatility from selling in the spot market, but at somewhat lower prices. With the decline through our China asset sales, we therefore expect a reduction in adjusted PTC from Asia in 2013. Going now to Slide 25. We've covered each of the SBUs, representing $2.1 billion of adjusted PTC. Offsetting this, we have corporate charges, including interest expense on our $6 billion of AES debt and most of our G&A expense. Year-over-year corporate charges increased slightly due to increased interest expense, which was partially offset by G&A reductions. In 2013, we expect a decline in interest expense as we continue to repay debt. In addition, through our SBUs, we're driving cost reductions as we achieve $145 million in annual savings by 2014. After adjusting for corporate charges, our total AES adjusted PTC came in at $1.4 billion. Adjusted EPS benefited from lower share count as a result of our 2011 and 2012 share buybacks. However, our adjusted effective tax rate in 2012 was higher than in 2011. Importantly, the 2012 tax benefit applicable through the retroactive extension of the CFC look-through rule will be recorded in 2013 results, in line with the early January 2013 enactment date of the legislation. This benefit is about $0.015 for the first quarter of 2013. Now turning to Slide 26. The trends in proportional free cash flow were similar for the year with the result of $1.2 billion, roughly 1/3 increase over 2011. The U.S. SBU accounted for most of this increase due to DP&L's first year of contributions as well as improved operating performance and lower environmental effects at IPL. The Asia SBU also increased due to the strong performance at Masinloc. Offsetting these trends, cash flow from Brazil declined as a result of higher working capital requirements and the impact of the Eletropaulo tariff reset. Turning to Slide 27, capital allocation. I'm pleased to report that we delivered on the capital allocation commitments we made last year. First, on the sources side, we collected $600 million of asset sales proceeds during the year. We also generated $500 million in parent free cash flow. During the year, 82% of our discretionary investments were allocated to debt repayment, share buybacks and dividends. In addition, we invested $195 million in our subsidiaries, which is $67 million less than we projected on our last call. Now I'll address our 2013 guidance on Slide 28. We're narrowing our guidance to 3 metrics: adjusted EPS, proportional free cash flow and consolidated net cash provided by operating activities. We believe adjusted EPS is the most useful indicator of the ongoing earnings power of the company. On the cash flow side, proportional free cash flow is the most relevant cash metric as it measures AES' ownership and operating cash flow after maintenance and environmental capital expenditures. Proportional free cash flow could be utilized for debt paydown, share repurchases, growth investments or other purposes at the subsidiaries and the parent. In addition, we're providing consolidated net cash provided by operating activities to reconcile with U.S. GAAP. We hope this simplifies our targets for investors. In 2013, we're projecting an adjusted EPS range of $1.24 to $1.32 per share. I'd like to point out a couple of factors to consider when looking at this guidance. It includes about a $0.05 of dilution from the $500 million of potential asset sales that we're targeting this year, including the $113 million Ukraine sale which was already announced. Impact of specific transactions can obviously vary, but we thought it was appropriate to include an estimate in our guidance. In addition, we've taken a closer look at the hydrology situation in Brazil, included a modest impact in this guidance range. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, we do expect to show a year-over decline in the first quarter due to the $0.06 onetime benefit in Spain during the first quarter of last year. Therefore, we're anticipating earnings growth the rest of the year more weighted towards the second half of the year. Bottom line, adjusted PTC at the SBU level is growing modestly, is offset by assumed asset sales. In terms of other EPS impacts, we expect a benefit of about $0.03 from the impact of our capital allocation efforts. In addition, we expect a lower effective tax rate this year as the CFC look-through rule was extended for '13. Further, our 2014 exposure to this rule is about $0.01 to $0.02. For proportional free cash flow, we're forecasting a decline of $300 million, of which roughly $200 million is due to increased environmental CapEx at IPL and Gener. The decline is also driven by lower operating performance at DP&L and increased working capital requirements at Gener. We would expect this trend to reverse in 2014 and beyond as operating cash flow increases due to capacity additions and operational improvements. Due to our parent capital allocation plan for 2013 on Slide 29, we had approximately $300 million in cash on hand at year end. The slide reflects proceeds from announced asset sales of about $180 million, primarily Ukraine. Again, we expect to see almost $400 million more in asset sales this year to reach our $500 million target that Andres referenced. But we won't add them to the plan on this page until specific transactions are announced. We additionally expect to generate approximately $400 million to $500 million of parent free cash flow. Therefore, based on announced transactions, we're projecting discretionary cash of roughly $1 billion to $1.1 billion. In terms of uses, we plan to use $350 million for debt reduction and about $200 million for investments in our subsidiaries. That leaves about $220 million to $370 million to be allocated later in the year. Our deployment of this cash will likely be a combination of debt repayment, growth investments and share buybacks. As Andres noted, we currently have $300 million of the share repurchase authorization fully available. Finally, I'd like to briefly discuss our total return expectations for 2012 to 2015. We continue to be comfortable with the 6% to 8% expectations we discussed last quarter. This includes annual EPS growth of about 4% to 6% and a dividend yield of about 1% to 2%. The midpoint of our 2013 adjusted EPS guidance reflects about 3% growth, which is slightly below the 3-year trend, consistent with our communications last fall. And the drivers of our earnings growth in this period is projects currently under construction, listed on Slide 30. Andres has addressed the returns from the platform expansion projects that will complete construction in time to contribute a full year of earnings in 2015. Collectively, we expect that these will add approximately $0.05 per share in 2015. Our Mong Duong project comes online in late 2015. In addition, Mong Duong will be subject to lease accounting, where cash returns are better than book income in the early years. We do expect significant cash distributions beginning in 2016 and throughout the life of the project with cash return in 2016 of about 19%. In summary, we had a number of good achievements in '12 that provide a strong foundation for the future. We're very encouraged by the commitment of AES people to deliver value to our shareholders. And with that, I'll now turn it back over to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Tom. Let me summarize our key messages on this call. Despite the significant headwinds we faced in 2012, we delivered 22% adjusted EPS growth and 33% higher proportional free cash flow. We are well positioned to deliver on our financial objectives in 2013, and we'll continue executing on our strategy. To that end, we will continue to cut costs and improve the profitability of our portfolio, de-risk the company through deleveraging and narrowing our geographic and business focus through asset sales and allocate capital in a manner which maximizes shareholder value creation. Before taking any questions, I would like to announce that we will be holding an Investor Day on Thursday, May 9, in New York. We look forward to seeing you there and in the coming weeks. Operator, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question does come from Jon Cohen of ISI Group.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. So the $400 million of targeted asset sales, have you identified yet what those might be? Or is that something that you want to talk about?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Sure, Jon. I would say that in the past, we have not given -- talked about specific assets until the deal is signed. And the reason for that, obviously, it affects the morale of the people or could also affect certain other things they're undergoing. So what I would say is that what we will be selling are those where we -- give priority to those where we have sort of one-off assets in a country or where we don't really see that we have a strong competitive advantage or the opportunity for profitable expansion. The other thing is that we will be looking at really the total cost of running those businesses. So in terms of is it a business that drives a lot of overhead here for the particular characteristics of that business. So I can't say much more than that but that we've been continuing to work on that. And two, what we will do will be very much aligned with our strategy, as we've outlined and as we've done to date. Now we're not going to do any sort of fire sales. I think we've been very judicious to make sure that we got the best value possible from these sales.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one other question. I was wondering if there's any way if you could frame for us the sort of swing factor in DPL based on what you filed and what the sort of status quo could be. So what's the sort of plus or minus in terms of EPS estimates in 2013 and beyond?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. As I said in my talk, we're in the midst of the filings right now. We also have intervenors. But I really can't give you any color at this stage beyond what I've already mentioned.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one last question. And I also wanted to thank you, Tom, for these new disclosures. I think this is exactly what we needed. But the -- there's a placeholder for $200 million of additional investments in subsidiaries. I think in the past, I presume a lot of that is going to Chile and into the Gener expansions. You had talked about equity -- raising equity at the subsidiary level. How do you think about that just given where the AES stock is trading relative to Gener?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: That's a fair question, John. A lot of good work by the accounting team, the IR team and the people in the businesses to try to help our disclosures be more user-friendly. The $200 million that's on the chart, the capital allocation chart that I touched on, that does not include Gener. That's really spread out amongst a number of businesses. The -- I think 80% of it is in the top 5, little bits of telco. We do have an energy storage project that we expect to do but is not closed yet. And then we do have investment in Turkey. And probably the largest one is the Jordan project that started construction last year. That's about $60 million. So the $200 million is pieces of a number of things. With respect to Gener, Gener may do an equity offering. They would do that or may need to do that if they do both Cochrane and Alto Maipo and both of those close this year. Just the size of that, those 2 projects may have them do that. I should point out that Gener's not made any plans. They're still in consideration of doing that. I don't want to get too specific because they're a public company, and I don't want to front-run their own dialogue down in Chile with their public investors. That being said, to the extent they do an equity offering, our pro rata piece, which would be 71%, could be up to $200 million. It could be less than that, but our pro rata piece of that could be in the $150 million to $200 million range. So we'll essentially assess the value of us participating in that versus the -- versus our own stock. We're bullish on both stocks, so it's a relative bullishness analysis. Obviously, our stock trades cheap. At the same time, the Gener business has very good growth. So those are the kind of economic trade-offs, we'll say, that we'll go through. The only other thing I'd say is that we own 71%, and for some various governance issues, it's beneficial for us to stay above 2/3. It's not a requirement, but there's some modest benefits. So we'll take that into consideration as we do our thinking.
Operator: Our next question does come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First question here, just talking about Ohio, I suppose, how do you think about that business structurally beyond resolution of the ESP? I'm thinking '13, '14, '15. You've seen some of your peers in that state kind of reevaluate their ownership with merchant, et cetera. I know it may be too early to tell, but I kind of wanted to throw that out there.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, okay. What I would say is that there's not too much we can comment on. Maybe Andy can just talk a little bit of sort of the plans between generation and distribution down the road.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Andy Vesey. I think you're right. There's not much we can say because, clearly, we're in the middle of both settlement discussions and preparing for a potential case. What you do know and I think is quite clear is that we have made a commitment in our initial filing to putting forward a plan for the separation of our generation assets in 2017. That said, once we either get a settlement stipulation or we get a rate order and we can evaluate where we stand, we will be very focused on how we're going to operate going forward. As you'll remember and I think we've said many times before, we sort of have 3 levers with Ohio. One is the -- having the right regulatory outcome, which we're close to being at the end of that. Second is making sure that we build our retail capabilities so that we can efficiently place our generation. I think we are doing that. And the third really is, once we see where we land, to make sure that we're optimizing around cost. And we'll be examining that once we get the outcome of the settlement or the case.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then if you could talk, broadly speaking, just timing on expense of settlement, like what window specifically here could we be talking to?
Andrew Martin Vesey: I'm having trouble hearing the question. Were you asking about...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: As to the Ohio ESP, what kind of timeline are we thinking about here for a fully litigated case versus a settlement? Just...
Andrew Martin Vesey: Yes, a couple of things or comments about -- let me say that actually today, we're actually having a settlement meeting that's ongoing today. But regardless, the current procedural schedule of March 1, this Friday, intervenor testimony is due. We've actually put that back 4 days from the original schedule to give more time for settlement. The same with staff testimony, which is due on the 8th of March. The evidentiary hearing remains scheduled for the 11th. Now depending on where we go, if we have a stipulation to deliver by the 11th, then we could see a decision as early as the first half of May. If we go through a fully -- the full case, then we're really looking about most likely concluding the hearings by the middle of April and looking for a decision in the late June, early July time frame. By statute, the commission is required to make a ruling on a filed case 275 days after its filing. So we would be seeing a ruling by the commission on the case no later than July 6.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then, Tom, going back to the financials here, if you will, when you talk about debt paydown, and you talk about a minimum level that you described in the slide deck, how do you think -- how do you weigh moving forward with the authorization that you've laid out today versus increments of debt paydown, and particularly as that relates to asset sales in '13?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, it's a balance. I think the minimum debt paydown that we have on that slide was really reflecting what we thought was reasonable to continue a steady improvement in our credit profile. So that -- based on our business outlook, we thought that was reasonable. In terms of going forward, we will look at -- first, as we sell assets, we do need to consider debt paydown as part of that. Obviously, some of the assets, or really all the assets, generate cash. So to the extent -- if you were to sell an asset and not pay down debt, then that would be credit dilutive. So as a base case, we tend to look at things as a starting point on a credit-neutral basis, i.e. what's the cash flow they generate, what's the debt you should pay down to be credit neutral without that asset. That doesn't say that's the rule where you end up, but that's at least a starting point. That does, though, leave you with what we believe is still meaningful cash. And we will look at that maybe consistent with a question I got earlier on share repurchase versus investment in Gener, I mean, those are the things that we look at in terms of valuation of the stock, in terms of what the attractiveness on a risk-adjusted basis is of the investment, be it in a subsidiary or be it in a new asset. Now kind of bottom line, I think we have room for all of them. Especially if we load on more asset sales, I think we have room for increasing the debt paydown, increasing the growth investments above $200 million if they meet the standards of being a good investment and also being able to implement some of our share repurchase.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And just to be clear about this, when you think about asset sales and break down, would you roughly think 50-50 -- a 50-50 split between debt paydown and equity? That's fair?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes. No, that's a fair approximation.
Operator: Our next question does come from Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Andres, perhaps firstly for you. The -- just to be clear, you had mentioned, I think, that there was, I think, about $0.03 of accretion you assumed in your '13 guidance from capital allocation. I want to be clear, is that all assuming debt reduction? Or are you assuming any share buyback in your '13 guidance?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: It's really -- Ali, it's really a function of what we've done as well as what we'd expect to do. But it's frankly more a function of what we did in '11 and how that's already hitting us from the start of the year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So no share buyback incremental out of the $300 million is assumed in your EPS range. Is that fair?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, we do assume some capital allocation. So we -- yes, we assume, as we get cash, we're not going to put it in the mattress. So we do assume some balance of -- that the cash is earning, either from paying down debt, some share repurchase and/or investments. I would say it's a -- that if we do share repurchase, it will be more back-end loaded as our cash -- some of the cash distributions we get tend to be more back-end loaded. And, obviously, to the extent we're getting things with asset sales, those would close and cash coming in the door more in the latter part of the year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Andres, the news flow coming out of Brazil has generally been negative for the last several months, apart from obviously the hydro, but just the government statements, the President's positions and statements. Now you guys have been clear that your concessions are not impacted. Just in the sense of impacting the valuation of your holdings and, hence, your own stock price, clearly every time something comes out of Brazil, it takes -- your stock takes a hit here. I'm just wondering, are you really looking at Brazil? I mean, what's your view right now on Brazil under the current administration? And is it a bit less attractive perhaps now given what we're hearing out there?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, yes. I think that -- put it this way. First, if you think of what we've done in terms of portfolio management in Brazil, we have sold a significant portion of our holdings in Eletropaulo. We started in 2006. We spun off to telecom. So if you look at our holdings today in Brazil, the 2 largest components are, quite frankly, first, Tietê, and the second one is Sul, actually. We have a larger value, we believe, in Sul than we do in Eletropaulo. But we do get a lot of, let's say -- we have to react a lot to the news in Eletropaulo because it's a large publicly listed company. And of course, we are trying to maximize the value for all shareholders, including those of, of course, of Eletropaulo shareholders. But having said that, I think that in Brazil, we have 2,600 megawatts of contracted hydro. We have a challenge in terms of what we do past 2015. We're working on a commercial strategy there. We also had the opportunity, for example, of restarting Uruguaiana, and we've done that successfully. Now what we have to have is a permanent solution. So I do think there are opportunities for us in Brazil. I think of Brazil -- if you think over the medium term, it's going to be a growth market. And again, I think we're well positioned. Now again, I -- if I think back, I think our strategy of focusing more on Tietê and trying to grow generation and reducing our position in Eletropaulo, for various reasons, was the correct one.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last question. You seem to be on track for the 4% to 6% EPS growth you're now highlighting in '12 through '15 -- or '13 through '15. You've also said in the past that your goal would be to get you back to the 6% to 8% that you had previously been targeting. How confident are you of perhaps getting to that higher level? And where -- I mean, what would drive you to that higher level? What -- I mean, new projects that are not there? I mean, how would you get from the 4% to 6% to 6% to 8% if indeed that is still an aspiration?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, certainly, we're going to work very hard, as we've said in the past, to get back to the 6% to 8% growth. What are our levers? Well, some that I can talk about right now are we continue to have the cost cuts, we continue to have the efficiencies of a simplified portfolio. And that includes also better use of our synergies. And we also have our own sort of internal Six Sigma light APEX Programs, which are also contributing a lot. So I feel -- on the operational side, I feel that we're doing a good job, and that will add additional profitability into the future. The second, if you noticed when I talked about platform expansions, our new investment, we are basically expanding from our existing platform that takes less time. They have higher returns and especially risk-adjusted returns. So again, we feel very good about what we're going to do going forward. However, we feel also that in terms of the guidance that we are committing to today, we're staying on that 4% to 6% rather than the 6% to 8%. But we're going to really push to get there.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: These things you talk about in expansions and maybe cost reductions, these are things that could actually help you in the '13 through '15 period? Or are you really talking about longer term beyond '15?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, it depends. I think when we're talking about the efficiency of the overall portfolio, it includes our G&A and it also includes our cost of goods sold, those are immediate. So -- and it depends on the type of extension we're doing to the platform. If it's a 20-megawatt battery storage, that's going to impact in 18 months. On the other hand, if it's building a significant addition to a new plant, well, that's more sort of in the '16, '17 framework. But realize we do have things like IPL's environmental CapEx, where we do get a tracker, and that's also short term. So it's a mix of things. And as we've said, we're going to -- we really feel that we're hitting on all cylinders in terms of looking at all the levers that we do have to fulfill our commitments.
Operator: Our next question does come from Charles Fishman of Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Argentina, what got the additional gas there? What is it more supply? Was it better hydro conditions? What changed?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, we've been doing a number of restructurings at Uruguaiana in terms of the contracts that it had over the past couple of years. But the main driver right now was the poor hydrology that they had was in Brazil, which made it more of interest to get the plant up and running. So we've had the plant up and running now. But as part of this, we are working on a long-term solution to get -- receive capacity payments at Uruguaiana. And we -- again, we think we're well positioned. Again, we took advantage of our presence in both countries and our relationships in both countries to get this. So the -- what we really came up with was a win-win-win solution, which is win for Argentina, win for the Brazilian electricity sector and a win for us and BNDES and Uruguaiana.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So what I think I just heard is it was more -- it was also due to getting a better energy and capacity price, as well as the gas being available.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Again, it was partly driven by the situation that -- we took advantage of the drought situation in Brazil. I don't know, Andy, do you want to add something to that?
Andrew Martin Vesey: Yes, just for clarity, there hasn't been a change in the gas situation in Argentina. This was an initiative between the Brazilian Government and the Argentinian Government to sort a near-term problem that Brazil was having from the drought. This is Brazilian gas being injected. It's LNG that's coming into Argentina. It belongs to Petrobras, the Brazilian company, and what the Argentinians are doing are facilitating its transmission. They're regassing it, and they're sending it to Uruguaiana. So this is Brazilian gas using the regas and distribution and transmission network within Argentina. That's really the answer to the question that you asked. This is not Argentinian gas, this is Brazilian gas. And then...
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then the 650-megawatt CCGT in Indiana that you were talking about, would 100% of that be regulated and under IPL?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then Masinloc, the second unit you mentioned there that you potentially start on, would you look to get a PPA before you began construction on that based on the fact you just signed a 7-year hedge on that one?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, yes. If you look at most -- almost all of our project, I mean, we're not building, with the exception of Turkey, any sort of merchant projects. And that's just the characteristics of the Turkish market. But other than that, all of our projects have PPAs, and we do require very high levels of contracting before we start on a project.
Operator: Our next question does come from Maura Shaughnessy of MFS Investment Management.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: A couple of questions. First, just on the IPL situation. In terms of the environmental spend, the $500 million fix-up and the combined-cycle plant that was just discussed, what is the -- you mentioned that the environmental filing looks to be done by the second quarter. Are these 2 discrete filings? Is -- what's the process in Indiana from...
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: These are discrete and separate.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: And so when should we hear about the plant?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Andy, do you want to give the details?
Andrew Martin Vesey: Sure, Maura. It's Andy Vesey. Right now, it's still a process, and the process within Indiana requires us essentially to go after a sort of an all-source competitive bid, who can give us the least-cost solution. One of those is our own option that we're contributing, which is this combined-cycle self-build. There are a number of others. All those are under review right now. We will be providing a testimony in the first half of '13 going along with our filing of the CPNC (sic) [CPCN]. So that's the new generation piece. But the typical process is you file an application for a certificate of public convenience and need, and once that's approved, you go ahead because that's our certificate that requires that whatever cost we are incurring, we're going to be allowed to recover under a regulatory process. So for maximum...
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: Okay, great. It's integrated?
Andrew Martin Vesey: Yes.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: And so remind me again what IPL is earning on a regulated basis that both the environmental piece and potentially the gas plant would earn today if they were approved?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, Maura, it's Tom. In the immediate set-up, with -- the MATS is -- would be a part of a tracker. So you get immediate recovery on it, and the CC [ph] would be more traditional. The IPL current ROE is a product of a settlement that's less than 10 years old. And it was...
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: Right. So it's more the black box?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, it's a package deal, exactly.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: Okay. So we don't need to discuss that, right?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Right. So that would be -- the tracker does have a return consistent with that package deal or black box, as you say. The new plant, if approved, would then ultimately be subject to a rate proceeding closer or at the time when it went in service. So that's out a number of years. And that would then be at -- ROE is consistent with Indiana practice at that time. So you probably can see some of the standards. I'd be cautious about pointing to a specific precedent, but it would be generally consistent with Indiana ROEs at that time.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: Okay. Let me jump to Brazil. So we sort of had the hydrology freak show, November, December, January. I guess spot prices averaged in the 400s in January, and February in the 200s. So things have chilled out a little bit. But as I understand it, the government is trying to potentially continue to run some amount of thermal throughout the year, which, given the amount of hydrology base, it probably makes some sense. So I was just wondering, is there a chance that this deal with Petrobras via the Argentinians gets extended? Or your -- or the hope is that you get this one-off capacity payment, which -- yes, so I'm just trying to understand that.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Sure, Maura. I'll say first, it is your right. I think the government, until the reservoir levels reach higher levels, I think they're at 37% of capacity, they will run -- continue to sort of force more thermal production. In terms of Uruguaiana specifically, our intent here is to really have a long-term solution. And as Andy mentioned, what we're really doing is tolling the gas through Argentina because that's where the pipeline reaches, so right now, it's -- Petrobras is delivering the LNG at Bahia Blanca, but then we have other options going forward. So what we really want is to have a long-term solution there, and we're working on that. And so we would have options to where to source the gas where the Argentinians would get its a tolling agreement and the Brazilians would get the additional capacity. So that really is the sort of long-term solution. So there is a short-term component, which is the current hydrological conditions which facilitated this. Then there's a secondary component, which is having a long-term solution to Uruguaiana. We're working on that. We aren't in a situation to announce that yet.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: And so in terms of at least for February and March, do I assume that Uruguaiana, however you say that, is being sold at spot prices, since you hadn't obviously contracted on that since it hadn't been operated for a while? Is that a fair...
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: No, no. We're not making the spot margins on Uruguaiana. We are basically getting capacity payments on it.
Operator: Yes, our last question does come from Brian Chin from Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just with regards to the situation down in Southern California and the [indiscernible] situation, can you just get us a little bit more up to speed on what's going on with Southland? A lot of headlines between yourselves, Edison, JPMorgan. I just want to make sure we understand where we're at on that.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay, I would say, first, some of the headlines are that we're trying to get the plant expansions permitted. We have a unique footprint there, and we believe that they will have to be repowering up those plants sometime over the next 10 years and that nobody is going to be able to permit new plants. So those locations are very valuable and very critical for its stability. The second part of your question has to do with JPMorgan, right, and the tolling agreement. I don't know how much we can say there.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, no, I'd just say there is a smaller project, a synchronous condenser project that we're trying to put in place for the summer that would be quite constructive to the area and provide some good stability and some additional power. We're working through some waivers in process with our toller. And also, the [indiscernible] is also involved in that dialogue. I believe those discussions have been going quite constructively. So we're hopeful that we can get that all tied up and then get our synchronous condenser project operating this summer.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then lastly, just latest thoughts on timing of when you're going to revisit the dividend again.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I would say that, again, as we get more results under our belt, we will look at it periodically. I don't really want to commit to anything at this point in time.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Understood.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: With that, I'd like to take -- I'd like to turn the call back to Ahmed.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay, we thank everyone for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. Today's conference has ended. All participants may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Finance & Investment Committee Thomas M. O'Flynn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas O'Flynn Andrew Martin Vesey - Chief Operating Officer of Global Utilities and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ahmed Pasha. You may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Kathy, and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom O'Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Thanks, Ahmed, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. I hope that all of you in the Northeast have had your power restored at home and have fully recovered from Hurricane Sandy. We at AES have done as much as possible to help impacted areas, sending more than half of our available field resources from DP&L and IP&L (sic) [IPL] to help out affected service providers. Now turning to the third quarter results. I'm pleased to say that our financial performance this quarter improved over both the second quarter of this year as well as the third quarter of 2011. This was expected and keeps us on track for our full year guidance. Adjusted EPS of $0.36 in the third quarter brings our year-to-date total to $0.91, which is $0.10 higher than what we earned in the first 9 months of 2011. The story is similar for our cash flow metrics. All in all, we are confident in our ability to deliver on our guidance commitments for 2012. Additionally, we recently announced organizational changes that will create greater efficiencies by placing functional and operational activities in the right place and eliminating overhead redundancies. These changes are in line with our strategy and build on the cost savings that we had implemented over the past year. I will discuss the financial benefits of this reorganization in some detail later on in my remarks. Today, I'd like to focus on 2 main topics: first, an update on recent developments in our core markets, including DPL in the U.S., Brazil and Chile; and second, progress on our strategic plans to unlock shareholder value, including deleveraging, returning cash to shareholders and improving profitability. Later, Tom will work you through the specific drivers of our results as well as our near-term outlook. Turning to Slide 4. I'd like to provide you with an update on recent developments at DPL. As we announced last week, we determined that a goodwill impairment of between $1.7 billion and $2 billion at DPL was required. As we have discussed on prior earnings calls, the fundamentals of the business have been adversely affected since the acquisition was announced in April 2011. This is primarily the result of sustained lower natural gas prices and more customers moving to competitive retail providers, including our own, at reduced margins. Consequently, forecasted profitability and cash flows are lower, resulting in the goodwill impairment in the range we have provided. Obviously, we are disappointed with these developments at DPL. That said, we are committed to reaching the most positive regulatory and business outcome possible. To that end, we're working to achieve a reasonable result in the rate case, and we continue to expand our retail customer base inside and outside of DP&L's service territory. And we will strengthen DP&L's balance sheet by using its internally generated cash to pay down debt. Our Electric Security Plan, or ESP, application is designed to balance DP&L's need to maintain its financial integrity with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio's desire for a more rapid evolution to a market-based rate. If approved, the proposed ESP will allow DP&L to collect a non-bypassable Service Stability Rider that will give the company an opportunity to earn a reasonable return on equity. The approval process is moving forward, and the pre-hearings and technical conference have been scheduled for November 9. We are hopeful that the new ESP will be in place by no later than the first quarter of 2013. In the event that a decision or settlement is not reached by the end of 2012, we have also filed a motion with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio requesting an extension of DP&L's current rate until a final decision is reached. Next, regarding our strategy to grow our retail customer base, we continue to expand our retail load inside and outside of DP&L's service territory in Ohio. Within DP&L's territory, we have retained roughly 75% of the switch load, although, as I said earlier, at significantly lower margins. In markets outside of DP&L's service territory, both in Ohio and Illinois, our retail business is currently serving more than 150,000 customers. By year's end, we are projecting that DPL's retail business will be serving approximately 200,000 customers, which represent a net increase of approximately 175,000 in the company's total number of customers during 2012. Finally, we are working to strengthen DPL's balance sheet through a multiyear deleveraging and refinancing program. In 2012, we expect that DPL will distribute to AES $122 million, of which we've already received $87 million as of the end of September. Over the next couple of years, however, we expect to use essentially all cash generated from operations within the DPL group of companies for debt reduction. Next, turning to Slide 5 and our businesses in Brazil. As many of you are aware, in order to stimulate the economy, the Government of Brazil recently announced an energy cost reduction program, or Provisional Measure 579, which targets a 20% reduction in electricity prices. About 1/3 of this planned reduction is expected to be driven by lowering indirect taxes on the sector. The remaining 2/3 of this reduction is being targeted through negotiations with various generators and T&D companies whose concession contracts are up for renewal between 2015 and 2017. These rules are still pending congressional approval and the implementation is scheduled for February of 2013. I would like to emphasize that the proposed rules are not expected to have any significant impact in the near term on our businesses in Brazil. Let me explain why. Tietê, our main generation business in Brazil, has a long-term concession expiring in 2029 and thus will not be subject to this regulation. Furthermore, we are insulated in the short term as 100% of Tietê's output is contracted with Eletropaulo through December 2015. Beyond 2015, it's still too early to tell what the incremental impact of MP 579 will be on energy prices in Brazil. As far as the impact on our 2 distribution businesses, Eletropaulo and Sul, we do not expect any meaningful impact on either. Both utilities earn a return on their regulated asset base, and energy purchases are treated as a cost pass-through. On balance, the Brazilian Government's initiatives to stimulate economic growth should help increase demand for electricity, which will result in increased revenue for both Eletropaulo and Sul. Now turning to Slide 6. I would like to give you a brief update on AES Gener. I'm happy to report that all of our plants are fully available, including those that were offline in the second quarter for repairs and maintenance. As discussed on our previous calls, our Angamos plant in the north of Chile is now 90% contracted, and, therefore, it's exposure to low spot prices has been significantly reduced. In addition, we continue to see energy demand growth of between 4% and 6% in Chile. We've also seen positive results at some of our other important businesses, including Masinloc in the Philippines, Maritza in Bulgaria and Southland in the U.S. Turning to Slide 7. I would like to provide you with an update on the strategic plan to unlock shareholder value that we laid out late last year. Just as a reminder, our 3 strategic objectives for enhancing shareholder value are: first, optimizing capital allocation; second, improving the profitability of the existing portfolio; and third, narrowing our geographic and business focus by selling nonstrategic assets. Now turning to capital allocation on Slide 8. As we have discussed in the past, our goal is to maximize risk-adjusted returns on a per share basis by allocating our discretionary cash across various uses, including deleveraging, share buyback, offering a predictable and growing dividend and investing in platform expansions. Last month, the Board approved the prepayment of $225 million of corporate debt, which we expect to complete later this year or early next. This will help us not only lower our interest expense but will also help us with our credit metrics by mitigating the impact of lost earnings and cash flows from assets that we have sold. Once completed, the prepayment will bring our total debt repayments to approximately $717 million since September of 2011, including both corporate-level debt and expensive nonrecourse debt at our Brasiliana subsidiary. With respect to share repurchases, in the third quarter, we repurchased 4.3 million shares for approximately $49 million, representing an average price of $11.38. This brings our total investment in our shares since September of 2011 to $390 million, representing nearly 34 million shares or approximately 4% of shares outstanding. Last but not least, we have also declared our first cash dividend in almost 20 years, which is set to be paid on November 15. The dividend is an important component of our total return proposition. Now please turn to Slide 9, and let's discuss our actions to improve our profitability. As you may recall, in late 2011, we announced an effort to reduce SG&A by $100 million by 2014. For 2012, we're ahead of our original goal of $50 million, and we now expect to achieve at least $65 million in cost savings this year. As a result of the recently announced reorganization, we now expect to realize the full $100 million of savings in 2013. Ultimately, the reorganization will result in additional savings of $45 million to achieve a total reduction of $145 million in annual overhead expense relative to 2011. I would like to point out that the cost saving numbers I just mentioned only reflect savings in overhead at the AES level, and they do not include additional cost savings at our businesses, such as Brazil, where we are implementing our Creando Valor [ph] program to improve that company's performance by $224 million per year by 2015, of which $150 million will be achieved by the end of 2012. We see additional opportunities for savings in fuel sourcing and in operations and maintenance expenses. For example, we presently purchase $2 billion of coal a year, and we're saving about $80 million as a result of implementing a comprehensive global sourcing framework, including the blending of coals and having the ability to redirect coal shipments. However, we believe we have not yet exploited all of the advantages from our global scale and possible synergies and are working hard to do so. Moving to Slide 10. Let us review our progress in terms of narrowing our geographic and business focus through asset sales. Last quarter, we announced the sale of our China portfolio. I'm pleased to report that we have closed and received $86 million in the process for 2 of the 3 businesses. We expect the third transaction for $49 million to close within the next few weeks. To date, we have sold 9 assets for $933 million in net equity proceeds at an average PE multiple of more than 20. We continue to seek additional opportunities to streamline our portfolio by exiting those markets where we do not have a competitive advantage or a strong platform with an opportunity for expansion. Once completed, we expect that this strategy will result in a lower overall risk profile and a more focused and efficient company. In summary, we believe that we are consistently executing on the plans that we laid out in our first call last November. Now Tom will review the drivers of our quarterly results, guidance and platform expansion projects in more detail.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Thanks, Andres, and good morning all. Before I get into our results, I'd first like to say that I'm very pleased to be here. In the past couple of months, I've learned a lot about the company, the people, the culture and the businesses. Like any company, there are a number of exciting aspects and also some challenges. However, I've been impressed by the commitment of our people as well as the potential for improving our portfolio, delivering attractive returns to our shareholders and the other things that Andres laid out. This morning, beginning on Slide 11, I'll cover the following topics: first, our third quarter results and key drivers of gross margin, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted pretax contribution and free cash flow and parent liquidity; second, our near-term capital allocation plans; and finally, an update on our guidance and total return expectations. As Andres mentioned, we reported $0.36 of adjusted EPS for the third quarter. This brings our 9-month earnings to $0.91 or about 3/4 of the low end of our full year 2012 guidance. Now to Slide 12. Our proportional gross margin increased by $168 million over the third quarter of 2011. The majority of this increase was driven by new businesses, such as Changuinola in Panama, Angamos in Chile and DPL in the U.S. In addition, we saw favorable year-over-year trends at several of our larger generation businesses, such as Masinloc in the Philippines and Maritza in Bulgaria. These trends were partially offset by lower tariff rates and higher fixed costs at Eletropaulo in Brazil. Now turning to adjusted EPS on Slide 13. Third quarter results increased by $0.08, or 29%, to $0.36. This increase was primarily driven by $0.09 of contributions from the new businesses I just covered, $0.01 from lower share count and $0.02 from our cost-cutting initiatives, which have lowered SG&A expense by $26 million in the third quarter and $57 million year-to-date. These gains were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange impacts of about $0.03. Now to Slide 14. I'd like to review a new earnings metric that we're introducing this quarter. We hear frequently from investors that with a large number of businesses, it can be difficult to determine what has the biggest impact on the bottom line. In an effort to provide additional transparency, we are introducing adjusted pretax contribution, a metric that we use internally to measure financial performance. This measure is calculated by taking the pretax earnings from each business, including those accounted for as equity in earnings, and adjusting for our ownership percentage. In addition, we make the same pro forma adjustments that we do for adjusted EPS. On Slide 14, we've graphed the relative contribution that each of our segments has made to year-to-date adjusted PTC of $1.5 billion. As you can see, for example, Latin America generation at 37% is the single largest contributor, driven primarily by our generation fleets at Chile, the Dominican Republic and Brazil. Our generation businesses in Europe and North America were also significant contributors. The measure also highlights that some of our businesses' consolidated results are significantly different than their bottom line impact. This is most notable in Eletropaulo, which we control and consolidate but have an economic interest of only about 16%. As shown on the slide, our utility businesses in Latin America contribute only 8% of adjusted PTC. We hope this additional disclosure will help to simplify the AES story and allow you to focus on the biggest value drivers. Now to Slide 15. On a proportional basis, our free cash flow has increased $41 million compared to the third quarter of last year. This increase was driven primarily by contributions from new businesses, partially offset by a decline in Eletropaulo. Now on to Slide 16 and parent liquidity. During the quarter, we benefited from $426 million of inflows from asset sales and cash flow from our subsidiaries. Also during the quarter, we returned $71 million to shareholders via share repurchases. After $157 million of corporate interest, overhead and investments, we ended the third quarter with more than $1.2 billion of parent liquidity, up from $1 billion at the end of last quarter. Now to Slide 17. I'd like to discuss our plans for capital allocation for the balance of the year. This year, we expect to generate $1.6 billion of discretionary cash. Year-to-date, we've already allocated 67% to returning cash to shareholders and deleveraging, including the $225 million debt paydown expected later this year or early next. We've allocated another 17%, or $262 million, to growth investments. The remaining 16%, or $258 million, of year-end cash will be combined with parent free cash flows in 2013 to be allocated in line with our capital allocation framework. Now let me take a minute to review a couple of the segments for 2013. On the sources side, we expect parent free cash flow to be lower than the 2012 expectations of $550 million. It'll be due to 2 major factors, the first being DPL and secondly from AES Gener and IPL as those businesses retain some cash to reinvest. In terms of the use of discretionary cash, we expect growth investments to be lower than the 2012 levels of $262 million. These 2013 investments, which could total up to $200 million, are largely in platform expansions that I'll discuss in a moment. Regarding the dividend and growth, we expect to evaluate the reasonableness of dividend increases on an annual basis in the beginning of the fourth quarter, consistent with the timing of our annual planning process. We appreciate the value of moving our dividend yield to be more in line with that of the S&P 500, and we'll factor that into our future deliberations. Finally, the remaining cash will be invested in both debt reductions and share repurchases with more weighting towards debt reductions in 2013. Now to Slide 18. We're reaffirming our 2012 guidance elements as discussed on last quarter's call. Consistent with our comments from last quarter, we expect to come in at the low end of the range of $1.22 to $1.30 for adjusted EPS. Proportional free cash flow and subsidiary distributions are also expected to come in at the low end of our guidance range. Now to Slide 19 and looking beyond 2012. We expect modest adjusted EPS growth in 2013 compared to our 2012 expectations. This modest growth is largely driven by improved operating performance at AES Gener in Chile, recovery at Eletropaulo in Brazil and the full year benefits of capital allocation and our cost savings initiatives. These benefits are partially offset by lower earnings from DPL and weaker foreign exchange. Please keep in mind that it's based on foreign exchange and commodities as of September 30, our expectations of near-term regulatory proceedings, particularly at DPL, and the current macro outlook in each of our key markets. To the extent these items change, our guidance could be impacted. This guidance assumes the extension of the controlled foreign corporation, or CFC, look-through provision originally enacted under TIPRA. As in prior years, we expect Congress will retroactively extend this tax legislation later this year. If the CFC look-through rule is not extended before year end, we estimate an impact of $0.02 to $0.03 this year. Recall that this would be a noncash impact as we have an outstanding net operating loss carryforward of about $2.1 billion. Overall, we continue to project a tax rate on adjusted earnings in the low 30% range. As Andres discussed, we continue to look for opportunities to streamline our business focus. Although most of our efforts to date have been EPS neutral to accretive, this may be more difficult as we monetize some assets. Prior to releasing a defined 2013 guidance range during our year-end call, we'll have an updated view of relevant macro environments and the impact of potential portfolio de-risking activities. Now to Slide 20. Earlier this year, we introduced a 3-year average annual total return target of 8% to 10% comprised of EPS growth and dividend yield. Since our last earnings call, we've made considerable progress on our annual planning process. And though not fully complete, it is evident to us that our earnings growth rate through 2015 will likely be lower than previous estimates. This decline is driven by lower earnings from DPL in 2014 and '15 due to the issues that Andres has covered. We had been anticipating some improvement at DPL, which is no longer the case. In addition, the compounding effect that reduced cash flow also has an impact. Secondly, lower-than-expected earnings in Brazil, driven largely by lower demand, unfavorable foreign exchange rates and a more negative outcome than expected on the tariff reset at Eletropaulo. These will be partially offset by improved performance at our businesses in Chile, IPL in the U.S. and the additional cost savings we recently announced. In light of these factors, we're now expecting an average total return through 2015 of 6% to 8%. We appreciate that this is a difficult revision but believe it is a more appropriate reflection of our current outlook. Before turning the call back to Andres, I'd like to cover the progress we're making on our almost 1,800 megawatts of projects under construction as well as our platform expansions under development. Looking at Slide 21, our construction program remains on schedule. In addition, we've already secured the necessary financing and funded 100% of our equity commitments for these projects. In terms of progress on these specific projects, work at our 270-megawatt, coal-fired Campiche project in Chile is progressing well. I was in Chile a couple of weeks ago and had a good first-hand look at the progress. Synchronization of the unit is scheduled for November, and commercial operation is expected in early 2013. At our Kribi project, a 216-megawatt gas-fired power plant in Cameroon, we've energized a 60-mile transmission line, and plant testing will begin in December. Finally, our 1,240-megawatt Mong Duong coal-fired plant in Vietnam is progressing on time and on budget, and operations are expected to begin in 2015. We're especially pleased that this project has surpassed 5 million man-hours without a lost time incident and is achieving world-class safety standards. Now to Slide 22. In terms of future value creation beyond these construction projects, we continue to move forward on developing power plants in the markets where we have a significant presence and a compelling competitive advantage. Our focus is to use the most efficient source of capital, including bringing in strategic partners, using low-cost project financing, multilateral funding and operating cash flows generated at the existing businesses. For example, at Cochrane, 530-megawatt coal-fired expansion of our Angamos platform at AES Gener, we now have in place a construction contract, long-term power sales agreements for the majority of output and are close to bringing in a strategic partner. We're focused on finalizing project financing, and construction is expected to begin in 2013. With regard to Alto Maipo, a 530-megawatt hydro project also at Gener, we've successfully executed the principal construction contracts, moved forward with preliminary works, continue to work on the remaining project milestones and expect to begin construction also in 2013. Similarly, here in the U.S., we plan to upgrade 100% of our baseload, coal-fired fleet at IPL with investments in environmental controls to comply with MATS. This investment will earn regulated returns and will also fulfill a majority of the necessary environmental upgrades required for MATS at all of our 7,000 megawatts of coal-fired generating here in the U.S. We expect this investment to begin in the second half 2013, carrying on through 2016, with potential equity investment of up to $300 million. In closing, I look forward to seeing many of you next week at the EEI, and I'll now turn it back over to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. Thank you, Tom. Let me summarize what I believe to be the key points of this call. We are pleased with our third quarter results, which were in line with expectations. We're on track to deliver a 20% adjusted EPS growth this year, in line with our guidance. Despite the challenges we have faced recently, the earning power of the company remained strong, and we expect to deliver a 6% to 8% average annual return from 2012 through 2015, including dividend yield and EPS growth. Although we won't be satisfied with this rate of return, we believe it's prudent to lower expectations at this time primarily given lower forecasts from DPL and Brazil. But we will, nonetheless, continue to strive for higher total returns for our shareholders. We have taken actions to significantly reduce our overhead and streamline our organization. We will also aggressively pursue additional operating cost savings. We will continue to de-risk the company through deleveraging and narrowing our geographic focus through asset sales. And we're committed to pulling all levers to improve risk-adjusted returns from our platform businesses. Finally, along with Tom, Andy Vesey and I will also be at the EEI next week, and we look forward to seeing many of you. Operator, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jon Cohen with ISI.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess my first question is on the parent free cash flow. Tom, you said that next year, you expect it to be somewhat lower than the $550 million midpoint of this year. And then you said growth CapEx was expected to be more in the $200 million range and the remainder will be skewed more toward debt repayment. First of all, is there a good way of thinking about what the long-term parent free cash flow contribution from the subsidiaries is? Is that something less than $500 million? I mean, how do we think about what that's going to be longer term? And secondly, of your $6 billion of recourse debt, do you have a target in mind of what you want to get that down to? At what point would you be comfortable with the current cash flow profile? What level of debt do you think is right at the holdco?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Okay, Jon, good questions. In terms of next year, I touched on it briefly, but the $550 million, back from the Slide 17, I think it was, will be lower next year really partially because of reduced cash coming from DPL. But also, we're making reinvestments in a couple of businesses. As I mentioned, IPL and, secondly, Gener. The number of the-- so we expect that to be lower. We'll give you a better idea of what our expectations will be at our year-end call when we give you guidance. I think, though, the $500 million-ish range is a more indicative indication of a more normalized number. So this year would be closer to what we think would be a more normalized number. Next year, it'll be lower, below the -- below the, let's say, a $500 million normalized number really because of the reinvestments we're making. In terms of the CapEx, I said up to $200 million. I do mean up to $200 million. One of the biggest things -- it could be as little as half that amount. One of the issues is that Gener, it's been a great performer for us, great grower. They are building the 2 projects: coal and the hydro. Coal will come first, Cochrane I mentioned. But the issue was that they will need some equity at the Gener level to do that. And the $200 million would contemplate some equity being put in by AES. Obviously, another alternative is them issuing shares in the market to do that. So well-known company with good market cap, trades well, trades better than us. So as -- one of the things we'll think about is what the right funding is. To the extent that they access the majority of the equity they need in the markets, or maybe there's a splitting the baby concept, then that $200 million could be as little as $100 million to $125 million. That's just something we'll have to give some thought to. In terms of -- going back to the third part of your question, the 6 -- I think it's $6.2 billion of parent debt, including some trust preferreds, but we will look for coverage ratios. I think we've said that we want to maintain our rating and work it up over time. But the coverage ratio we look at in terms of debt-to-cash flow. I think we've used the range of 4.5 to 5.5. That continues to be a target that we've got. Near term, we're a little -- we're skewed towards the higher end of that range. That's why I said for '13, some of our cash flow available may be weighted more towards share repurchase. But once again, we see that as really a 2013-only focus. We've got the ability to do both, but we really focus -- kind of bottom line, we focus on the leverage, the coverage ratios. As you know, that's a more appropriate indication of credit quality.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Jon, this is Andres. What I'd like to say about Gener, we'll continue what we've done very successfully. So it's really very capital and tax efficient to really use some of the resources at Gener rather than sending them up and sending them back down. And as Tom mentioned in his speech, we're also looking at partners, partners that bring not only financing, but they bring access to bilaterals, Exims, et cetera. So really, we're optimizing. Gener, will continue to do that. And I think the one change from the past is looking more at partners than we did, and that's partly due to project financing is getting tougher everywhere. So we'll continue to do at Gener what we've done and looking for the most tax-efficient way to do so and create the most value.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And just one quick question on Page -- on your Page 19, drivers of growth in '13. I noticed that you don't have a tariff reset at AES Sul in here. Is that something that you expect to be a negative for '13?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: The tariff reset in 2013 at Sul, with -- Sul is in a different situation than Eletropaulo, so we don't expect the sort of outcome we had in Eletropaulo. But it will have the tariff reset, and we do expect some decrease from Sul as a result of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: In terms of debt reduction, could you just provide perhaps a multiyear view? I mean, in -- within that 4 to 5.5 range, just kind of how quickly do you want to get there, if you will?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, it's 4.5 to 5.5, Julien. Don't upgrade me to quickly here. But I think we want to stay within that 4.5 to 5.5 range. We want to bring it down to the lower end of that range over a, let's say, a 3-year period. As we talk about our overall numbers here, we think about things through '15, that would be where we'd want to get to, in that same kind of '15 range. So as you know, that's a function both of the cash flow of the business as well as the -- as well as absolute debt.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And could you provide just a little bit -- I mean, in the past, you've described discrete project EPS contributions going into '13 like Kribi or something. Like to that extent, could you kind of provide a little bit of sense here on your growth drivers? More granularity?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Sure. I mean, the 2 main -- what we basically have happening in 2013 is, one, we have Campiche coming online, we have a full year of a more [ph] contract at Angamos. In Chile, one of the things that has affected our results was that this year, we were somewhat short in the -- thick in the South, and prices were very high because of poor hydrology. And we were actually somewhat less contracted than the -- our final objective in the north, and their prices were very low because of a -- basically, people had a take-or-pay gas contract. So those things get corrected. We also have, in terms of some of our wind projects in the U.S., as the tax equity, let's say, matures, that we will have more earnings from those assets in the U.S. And we'll also have the new plants that have been brought on for the full year. And so I think that, that -- those are some of the main drivers that we have. We can give you perhaps a more -- a specific breakdown of the small plants. But it's a different situation than we were this year where the big driver, we had a lot of megawatts coming online at the beginning of the year.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Which that kind of weighed, I mean...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then maybe just a quick follow-up on asset sales. I mean, you've kind of executed, for the most part, on the bulk of what you described, call it earlier this year. What's the next round? Or is there another around here that we're -- that you're contemplating? And where -- at least from a geographic perspective, where should we think about that? What kind of assets? Perhaps more renewables?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: So that's a great question. I think that sort of going back to what we've laid out, we said we had a universe of about $2 billion of equity in assets that we could sell -- and so we've executed about half of that -- and that we would be concentrating on those that weren't sort of platforms for growth that had unused leverage capacity or the ability to raise our own money, or really places we didn't feel we had a sustainable competitive advantage. And so I think we've done that pretty much to date. Now going forward, what will we do? Well, look, the same framework is in place. We don't like to really give specific names because, of course, we're operating these businesses. And if we say they're up for sale, this -- it makes it more difficult to continue operating them at the optimal level. But again, there would be those where we have like one plant, one-off where we don't see a platform of growing. Regarding renewables, we have changed the way we think about most renewables, certainly wind. We're not thinking about a stand-alone wind business but really thinking of placing wind into the sort of geographic units that we have. So wind becomes just another way of providing energy. And what we've seen is where we really exploit the sort of platform concept, we're more successful. If you think of something like battery storage, we are leaders in exploiting, let's say, this technology. And where we've really been successful is where we apply it to our existing businesses. The one exception of this, of course, is solar. In solar, we have a 50-50 JV with Riverstone. And, of course, both of us will be seeking to monetize this asset over time. But other than that, I really can't give you more specifics. But I would say you should expect over time, a continued asset sales. This will also help us reduce cost, help us reduce our focus. And what we'll do is as soon as we really have something firm, announce it and make it public. But we don't want to get ahead of ourselves here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Hey, Andres, and you alluded to this a little bit in your closing remarks, but I want to pick up on that. The 6% to 8% total return that you're projecting for the next 3 years, I'm just curious who you benchmark yourself against. And, I mean, how do you justify that as an acceptable return for investors looking forward when they look at alternative investments particularly in the power utility space? And I guess a related question to that, does that cause you to step back and look at your portfolio and say, are you in the right mix of business given that, that's kind of return that this portfolio is generating for you?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, I think first of all, let's step back a second. This year, we're growing earnings 20%. So I think that would probably certainly rank us among the top of our peers in this space. So I think what we're doing is coming off a growth of 20%. Now what we have done is really look at adapting to what we see as the new forecast for DP&L, some of the FX and some of the tariffs in Brazil and just saying we want to be prudent, we want to overachieve whatever we give out there as guidance. So that's really what's causing this step-down of 2%. But I think that if you think of our portfolio, again if you take a longer period of view, we do have very competitive growth rates. I think that we provide the advantages of a diversified portfolio. Obviously, we're concentrated in fewer markets. You have less of this. But I do think -- and we have said from day 1 that we do think that we're in too many markets. And so we do want to focus, and then we can have all the advantages of a portfolio diversification. We don't have to be in 30 countries as where we started. So yes, do expect us to reduce, do expect us to become more efficient, as I think we're doing. I mean, we're -- we've reduced overhead. By next year, we'll be close to 25%. And the longer term, it's more like 1/3. And that's just overhead in terms of managing these businesses. So regarding your question, I do think that we will provide compelling returns. We are in the right markets, markets where there's growth. Chile's growing 5% to 6%. Columbia is growing 5% to 6%, Panama is growing 8%. Even Brazil longer term is expected to be growing at 4% after 1.6% this year. So I think it's hard for you to find another portfolio that has these growth rates, and I think we have a clear strategy for executing on them. So yes, we're not where we want to be at the end, but we've certainly taken big steps in the right direction.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Also, just to clarify your return expectations over the next 3 years. The portfolio expansion opportunities that you guys highlighted in your slides, are those already baked into that growth rate as well?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, well, those are baked in. Now, of course, if there's other things that we can do in terms of some of the renewables that have shorter construction time periods, those are not in there.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: The only -- Ali, the only thing -- it's Tom -- I'd add is that of the growth that has not yet gone into construction, which is IPL and the 2 projects at Gener. IPL, we do get earnings between now and '15. They do have a neck [ph] -- a tracker where they get a current return on construction in progress. The 2 projects at Gener are not going to be earnings generators until '15 -- '16 and '17, respectively.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then separately, if my math is right, I think you've pretty much used up your current share buyback authorization with this last $49 million purchase. Is that right? And when should we expect an increase in that authorization or what's your thinking. I know you alluded to that. Tom, you did as well in your commentary. But when should we see some expansion of that authorization assuming that you still want to buy back more stock?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Okay. Well, your math is right. We did execute on our authorization. What I would say is just as I said in the past, we can always get, very quickly, an authorization to have more buybacks. But I would say if you go back to what I initially laid out a year ago, what we said is that we were going to buy back shares, we were going to strengthen our balance sheet by buying back debt and we were going to execute on some of the growth projects, so -- and pay the first dividend. So I think we're exactly executing on that. And so we have done share repurchases 4% from the starting point of total outstanding shares. And as Tom mentioned, we will now be focusing on deleveraging over the next short period. But I will make clear that for us to get an authorization to buy back more stock, we can do that on very short notice.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. One last question, one a bit of clarification. You alluded to TIPRA extension assumption. Was that just talking about 2012 and the $0.02 to $0.03 impact? Or is that baked in for the full to next 3-year outlook?
Thomas O'Flynn: Our guidance for '12 and our total return guidance or expectations through '15 do assume an extension of TIPRA. The $0.02 to $0.03 I talked about would just be the impact in '12 in the event it wasn't extended. It would be in the high single-digit number in the event it was not extended permanently. So that would be, let's say, a '13, '14 number. Now that's before other tax strategies that we can pursue. To be honest, that high single-digit number, let's call it $0.07, $0.08, yes, 6-month ago, that number would have been higher, but we continue to think about ways to mitigate. So a total TIPRA termination, if I can -- if that's technically correct, would, as we sit here today, on an ongoing basis would be in high single digits. But we've been very successful in mitigating that down and we'll continue to do that. I think in general, our view of -- there has been good support, in our view, of the election results last night. Just on a TIPRA-only basis is that the current administration, the Senate Finance Committee, Ways and Means, they've all generally been supportive of this. And if that same folks are generally coming back to their desks, then that's helpful to a TIPRA extension.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. And what I would say is 2 things. Remember when we talked first about the non-TIPRA extension at the beginning of the year, is we're talking about impacts of about $0.10 before mitigation. We've got it down to $0.02 or $0.03. And the second thing is remember, this is noncash, that we have $2 billion of NOLs. So yes, I -- we do expect it to be extended. But if it weren't, as Tom mentioned, we would be taking other measures to decrease that impact, and we think we can be successful to bring it down to sort of the range that we have this year for next year as well.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right. And the $0.07 to $0.08, just lastly, that was an annualized number, Tom, you were thinking about?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, that would be an annualized number with no further mitigation. It would not be our -- as Andre said, that would not be our -- our expectation would be that we would have some further mitigations, as we have in the past.
Operator: Our next question, Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: The outlook for IPL, can you just elaborate on that, maybe quantify the level of CapEx to upgrade the several thousand megawatts of plants? And then just a little more detail on how the tracker works. Is that a return of and on the capital as it's spent on an annual basis?
Thomas O'Flynn: Sure, I'll hit that. It's Tom. The equity we expect to put in was about $300 million. The equity ratio, I think, is 45%. So that gets you around $650 million, $700 million, whatever that math works out to be. It would be about 3 years between '13 and '16. The tracker is a recovery of and on. I believe there's a modest delay. It could be 3- to 6-month delay in the mechanism. But it's a recovery of and on construction in process.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: And what's the ROE embedded in that?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: The ROE is embedded from the -- it's actually -- the WACC is from the last rate case, which is in the 90s. So it's a good WACC. And it's above what other utilities in the state are getting. I'll just leave it there. I would say separately, IPL, aside from the tracker, they may consider going in for a rate case over the next 18 months, just as they've done well in the regulatory structure. But maybe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with Barclays.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of questions. Sorry, Tom, I was just hoping to follow up on your comment about going in for a case over the next 18 months. What was kind of the driver there at IPALCO?
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, I'd say that's -- the major driver of the financials at IPALCO is their capital expansion, and the tracker keeps them in comfortable position. Andy may have more comments. So it's -- I'm probably getting ahead of the game in terms of talking about that in any kind of detail.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Yes, Gregg, this is Andy. I mean, the fundamental issue is that we managed in Indiana very well. We have a very constructive regulatory environment with the environmental trackers. We've managed our costs very well. We have the -- among the highest level of reliability in the state, and we have among the lowest cost of service in Indiana. I think that when we talk about the current investment that we have, which is to meet the federal regulations on hazardous emissions, that's not driving us anywhere near rates. We do have the tracker, and we believe the majority of those costs will be recovered, as Tom explained. It's pretty straightforward, and we've already submitted our certificate of public convenience and necessity and we're expecting that back relatively shortly. I think I mentioned on the last cost -- call what will make us think about whether we need to go into rates or not is how we deal with potential retirements of older coal units. We are looking at and still evaluating whether we may have to retire up to -- older small coal units, which represent about 15% of our generation. If we do that, we probably will have to bring on new capacity, either self-build or through the RFP process that we engaged in earlier. Once we come to that decision, we would only be able to recover costs associated with that expansion in a rate case. And that's really what's out there. And as we get further along that process, we'll update you probably in the next call where we are, but that's really what Ton was alluding to, the potential that if we deem -- have to do the retirements and we do add in capacity, at that point we will need to consider going through rates so we -- to recover on that investment.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then on -- sorry for the question, but on 2014 earnings, you kind of couched 2013 as below the modest growth, below the trend line that you're laying out. Given that there aren't a lot of megawatts coming online in '14, how do you see '14? Would that be below trend? And then catch-up in '15?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: I think it's a little bit too soon for us to provide that guidance. But we do have, again as I mentioned earlier, some of our businesses such as U.S. wind, for example. By the end of '15, we'll be adding about $80 million of pretax contribution, or adjusted PTC, because -- due to the tax equity. So right now, it's too soon to give that. But obviously, if you have 1 year that's below, you're going to have other years that are above to get you to the average.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. And sorry, last question. Just coming back to the $2 billion asset sale target, that was kind of laid out a year ago. How do you think about that at this point? Is that up for revision? Or what are your thoughts there?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes. No, no, I would like to just make one clarification. I never said there was a $2 billion target. I always said that there was a universe of $2 billion and that we expect it -- to sell a high percentage of that but not 100% necessarily. So we never had a $2 billion target. Now in terms of the sales, I mean, I -- we did sell those. I think that we were in a good position to sell for very good multiples quickly, and I think our market timing was very good. Now looking forward, we're going to sell judiciously in the sense that we really want to maximize that -- the value of these. And I can give you just an illustration, is we could have sold and packaged all of our China assets, and we did have offers to sell it right away. But we took our time and sold to separate buyers, and we received a 40% premium versus the sort of altogether. And that's how we're going to continue with these asset sales. So I think that when we have several things under discussions that are -- and when we really do have something that we can bank on, then we will announce it. So we're working hard on this. But I don't want to get ahead of ourselves and say that we have something until we actually have it signed. So do I feel that if we reached, let's say, $1.7 billion or $1.5 billion, if we got the right prices, then that's probably the right amount. I think what's important is that we got as much value out of it. And the second thing, which is also very important, is do we end up with the optimal company. Do we have the assets that we can administer efficiently that help add to the whole in terms of our synergies and our scale? So what's really important is not just the amount of money that's coming in, but do we end up with the right company at the end of the process.
Operator: Our next question, Brian Chin with Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a question on the dividend. You gave a little bit of color that each year, you'd come looking at the dividend level and thinking about the appropriateness or the reasonableness of that. And then you mentioned the reference to the S&P 500 dividend yield, which is right now around 2%. Am I right in thinking that the next time you'd be thinking about that is sometime in the second half of next year? And what are some of the considerations that you're thinking of in terms of moving that dividend to an S&P 500 level or not?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, that's correct. But what we said is -- what Tom said is that we evaluate it as part of our normal process. This is our first dividend, and we will reevaluate it towards the second half of next year. We had always indicated moving towards more sort of an average for the S&P. And I also said that we had a lot of new businesses coming online and that we wanted to see how they all performed before reviewing this. So that was basically it. We're basically looking at what are our cash flows, how are the businesses performing. But I think our intention of giving a portion of our free cash flow back to our investors in the form of a dividend remains strong, and that those are -- that is our objective longer term.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Perfect. And then to -- just to be absolutely clear on this, the total return growth rate of 6% to 8%, that's based on a base year of 2012?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: That's correct. So some of the comments when you say in terms of how our growth rates compare, well, we're coming off a growth of 20%. So this is -- following 20%, we're saying 6% to 8%. And I also want to make clear that we're -- that -- we're including, of course, also the dividend as well. So that's our total return to shareholders.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. And then one last unrelated question. You had indicated that part of the reason why you were changing the growth outlook was DPL and what's going on with the new ESP and also different switching level assumptions. Can you clarify a little bit more? What level of retail switching are you assuming at DPL in your now new outlook? And can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing out there with regards to switching? I mean, we hear a lot of competitive dynamics coming from FirstEnergy and Exelon and other folks out there, in the space. So what are you guys seeing out there right now?
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Yes, I'll ask Andy Vesey. Answer that one?
Andrew Martin Vesey: Hey, Brian, it's Andy. Let me talk about our outlook on switching, and I want to sort of put this in the context of the ESP filing, which is essentially our view of Ohio. In the ESP filing, what we've done is we've locked in a view going forward of a switching rate of 62%. That is really what the switching was at the end of August. And we also had proposed somewhere through the AEP case a switching tracker so that fundamentally, we would be able to not have to forecast switching going forward, but that we would be held sort of neutral to switching rates going forward to the outcomes of the rate case. That said, most of the battle right now is around residential customers. We have seen an increase in residential customers switching. It's about 2.5% a month. We see, ending the year, probably around 75% switched. We're seeing most of the categories of customers, other than residential, reaching saturation levels. So that's really what we're seeing. It's mostly been increases in organic switching because I think a lot of the municipal aggregations have slowed down pending the outcome of all the cases and actually the elections that we've just had. So we anticipate that we're going to see continued very intense competition in the residential class. We see that potentially saturating long term at about 80% -- 86% switched. So where competition is intense, so as Andre said, we are replacing more customers than we've lost, more load than we've lost. But clearly, it's an extremely competitive environment.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So given that you've embedded a rough 60% switching number plus the tracker in your assumptions and if you don't get that switching tracker and you believe saturation is closer to an 80%, then that might be one negative headwind down the road if you don't get that tracker in ESP?
Andrew Martin Vesey: Well, I think what we said is that we have -- if we don't reach a settlement on the new ESP, we would apply for a continuation of our current ESP for next year.
Operator: Our last question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I actually wanted to follow up on the DPL questions. So could you explain briefly what the issues are with this proceeding -- with the ESP proceeding? I understand that you have to file ESP and replace MRO, so that is extending the schedule. But I remember that in the past, you mentioned something about the separation or legal separation of the utility from generation assets and the debt financing that you used to do during the acquisition of the company. Could you talk specifically about that issue, how it links to the ESP negotiations?
Andrew Martin Vesey: Sure. Well, this is Andy, and I will talk a little bit about the first part of your question and let Tom talk about the issues around generation restructuring. Getting right to that piece, as you know, the issues that have been around the discussions in the beginning when we filed the MRO and have the settlement discussion, there are 3 main issues. It's time to market of our loads before competitive. It's been the non-bypassable charge. And emerging during those initial settlement discussions have been this question of legal separation of the generation assets even though we believe that the functional separation that we have today actually is fighting competition. What we've done in the filing is we addressed all these issues. We have made -- we are not asking for any approvals to separate generation in the current ESP filing. And as you know, we filed ESP on October 5. What we have done is we made a commitment in the current filing that we will come back by the end of the year with another filing specifically talking about the transition of generation and looking towards legal separation by the end of 2017. With that said, I think that answers part of the structural question. I'm going to ask Tom If he wants to answer the second part of your question.
Thomas M. O'Flynn: Yes, just in terms of the debt, obviously when we come back with that filing later this year, we'll talk about financial viability for the 2 business, especially the financial viability of a stand-alone generation company and also take into consideration what the appropriate time line is before that's a reasonable thing for us to do. In general, we've -- we do have debt at DPL, as you probably know, about $900 million at the DP&L level and about $1.7 billion at the DPL holdco level. At least for the next couple of years, we're in reasonably good shape on maturities. We do have a refinancing of about $460 million at DP&L utility next year, and then the first major refinancing for the DPL -- I believe it's August of '14 -- of $400 million-plus. So that's something that we'll look to get ahead on. Obviously, we -- you may have seen that we did have some discussions with the banks before our release last week on modifying some covenants, and that's consistent with our theme of trying to get ahead of things on the financing side.
Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert: Well, with that, I'll turn the call back to Ahmed.
Ahmed Pasha: We thank you, everyone, for joining us in today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any of your questions. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. All lines may disconnect. Once again, that concludes today's conference call. All lines may disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Finance & Investment Committee Mary E. Wood - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Andrew Martin Vesey - Chief Operating Officer of Utilities and Executive Vice President Edward C. Hall - Chief Operating Officer of Generation and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded and if you have objections, please disconnect. I'll be turning the conference call over now to your first speaker for today, Ahmed Pasha. Sir, you may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me to this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Mary Wood, our Interim Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Thanks, Ahmed, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our Second Quarter Earnings Call. Let me start by saying that I'm very pleased to announce that Tom O'Flynn will be joining us as our new CFO in September. Tom is a great addition to our management team and brings a strong combination of financial skills, senior corporate experience and extensive knowledge of the energy and infrastructure sectors. I'm looking forward to working with Tom to execute on our plans to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. I would also like to take a moment to thank Mary Wood for doing a great job as Interim CFO over the past 90 days. Once Tom is on board, Mary will resume her prior position in the finance organization as our Controller. Now as you might have seen in our press release, we earned $0.18 of adjusted EPS for the second quarter. And although this is below last year's level, our result, year-to-date, of $0.55 are in line with our commitment to our full year guidance. Mary will walk you through the specific drivers later in this call. Turning to Slide 3. I will provide you with an update on the strategic plan that we laid out late last year to unlock shareholder value. I will then discuss some of the key macro trends affecting the portfolio, as well as recent developments at our more significant businesses. And following Mary's review of our financial results, I will discuss our capital allocation planned for the remainder of the year. Moving to Slide 4. And just as a reminder, our 3 strategic objectives for unlocking shareholder value are: one, optimizing capital allocation; two, growing the profitability of the existing portfolio; and three, narrowing our geographic and business focus by selling nonstrategic assets. We feel we're making good progress on executing on the strategic plans we laid out. Regarding the narrowing of our geographic focus, we have raised $800 million through asset sales, exited several non-core markets and invested most of these proceeds to strengthen our balance sheet. At the same time, we're improving the profitability of our business by cutting cost, exploiting scale in synergies and making high return investments based on our existing platforms. Now turning to Slide 5. Let me provide some color on how we're optimizing our capital allocation and considering all uses of discretionary tax, including delevering, share repurchases, growth project and increases in our dividend to improve our total shareholder return. Over the last 9 months, we have made early repayment on approximately $500 million of debt between repaying the corporate revolver and paying down the expensive debt at our Brasiliana subsidiary in Brazil. With respect to share repurchases, since our last call, we have bought back more than 20 million shares for a total investment of $252 million. This brings our cumulative share repurchases since September to 29 million shares or about 4% of those outstanding. Our total investment in our stock since September is more than $341 million, implying an average purchase price of $11.57 per share. Additionally, last week, the board approved a quarterly dividend of $0.04 per share, our first cash dividend payment in almost 20 years. We expect to grow the dividend over time in accordance with the performance of the company and market conditions. The dividend is and will remain an integral part of our total value proposition. Now please turn to Slide 6. And let's discuss our actions to improve our profitability. We've committed to achieving $50 million of cost savings at the parent level in 2012 and a total of $100 million in cost savings per year by the end of 2013. For 2012, we expect to exceed our target and are now projecting at least $65 million in savings this year as we've already reduced SG&A by $31 million during the first 6 months. Moving to Slide 7. Let us review our progress in terms of narrowing our geographic and business focus through the asset sale program. Despite a challenging market, we have closed or signed additional deals, such as our French win and China portfolios for additional proceeds of $176 million. To date, we've closed our ninth asset sale since September for cumulative proceeds to AES of $932 million. Thus far, we've achieved attractive valuations for these assets with an average P/E multiple of more than 20x 2011 adjusted earnings. In summary, we believe that we're consistently executing on the plan that we laid out last November. Next, on Slide 8, I'd like to briefly discuss important macroeconomic trends affecting our portfolio. We have seen a weakening of GDP growth in some of our markets, including Brazil, where the current year GDP growth rate is expected to be about 2% versus prior expectations of 4%. This is also reflected in a 19% year-over-year depreciation of the Brazilian real. Demand for electric power at Eletropaulo in Brazil this year is expected to grow only about 1%. Nonetheless, over the medium term, we expect growth in Brazil to recover to closer to 4% level and demand for power to grow in line with GDP. In many of our other markets, we are seeing more robust economic growth. For example, Chile and Colombia's economies are growing at nearly 5%, with power demand increasing at up to 7% on some of the grids. Regarding our key markets in the U.S., Ohio's economy is expected to grow in line with the overall U.S. economy at about 2%, while Indiana is slightly lower at about 1%. This year, power demand is increasing at roughly 1% to 1.5% at our Midwestern utilities and most forecasts expect a slight pickup next year. Generally speaking, weaker commodity prices have negatively affected our results year-to-date. On the natural gas front, while we have seen a modest supply side correction and a fall in the gas-only rig count, prices remain near the $3 per million BTU range, a result at both of our utilities in the U.S. but much more so at DP&L or positively correlated to U.S. natural gas price. Regarding oil and coal prices, both have weakened over the past quarter. In broad brush strokes, although our portfolio is roughly 1/3 hydro and renewables, 1/3 natural gas and 1/3 coal, our results are positively correlated to oil price directly in those markets where fuel oil or diesel set the marginal price and in others where it is set by natural gas or LNG linked to oil prices. On the other hand, AES' results are negatively correlated to coal prices, and we're starting to see the benefit from recent price declines. Today, we're in a buyer's market, and we are leveraging our aggregated annual spend of nearly $2 billion on solid fuels to lock in attractive prices for the remainder of the year. To summarize, while both currency and commodity prices have rebounded slightly as of late, current forward curves still imply a negative EPS impact of around $0.04 relative to where forward curves were as of March 31. Despite this, we've taken the necessary actions to maintain our adjusted earnings per share forecast within our original guidance range. Now I would like to give you an update on some of recent developments at our more prominent businesses. Let's start with Eletropaulo on Slide 9. ANEEL, the electricity regulator in Brazil, issued the final ruling on Eletropaulo's tariff reset on July 2. The final tariff reset represented a larger decline than the April preliminary proposal and is thus more negative than we had expected. The variance in the final ruling compared to the April proposal was mainly attributable to the change in the benchmark used to determine the level of non-technical energy losses included in the tariff. It is important to mention that we have a positive track record of improving Eletropaulo's operation through reduced energy losses, cost management and revenue enhancement. Since 2010, AES Brazil has implemented the creating value program, which has contributed approximately BRL 325 million or about $160 million to the bottom line through greater productivity and efficiency. Although we are disappointed with the regulatory outcome at Eletropaulo, I would like to point out that our 2 other Brazilian businesses, Tietê and Sul, are performing in line with expectations. These 2 businesses represent more than 80% of our earnings from Brazil as we only own 16% of Eletropaulo. Now turning to Slide 10. I'd like to give you an update on DP&L. The business continues to perform this year in line with our expectations. In terms of customer switching, at the end of June, 56% of the load had switched to competitive providers, up 3% from the end of March. I would like to highlight that DPLER, our retail arm, captured more than 78% of the switched load through the second quarter. As you know, DP&L's current rate plan is set to expire on December 31, 2012. In March, DP&L filed for approval of its next standard service offering in the form of a market rate offer, or MRO, to determine its tariff for 2013 and beyond. At this point, we're in the midst of settlement discussion. The process is constructive but complex given the number of interveners and the diversity of positions. Combined with continued low natural gas prices, some of the potential regulatory outcome that have been proposed by various interveners could result in lower medium-term earnings and cash flows from this business. We continue to work towards an outcome that is fair and reasonable for all stakeholders, and we remain hopeful that we will have a resolution in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter. Overall contributions from this business will depend heavily on the final outcome of the MRO. In the meantime, we're positioning this business for our success in the competitive marketplace by expanding our retail capabilities and enhancing the efficiency of our North American portfolio. DP&L's retail power marketing business, DPLER and MC Squared, are rapidly expanding in markets beyond DP&L's service territory. We are now serving more than 140,000 customers outside of our service area in Dayton, representing annual usage of about 2.5 million megawatt hours. This growth more than offsets 70,000 customers and 2.1 million megawatt hours that have switched to unaffiliated third parties on DP&L's system. Overall, for 2012, we're projecting that DP&L's retail business will serve approximately 200,000 customers, with combined annual retail sales of 8 million megawatt hours. In terms of reducing cost, AES is on track to achieve nearly $10 million in synergy savings across its North American portfolio businesses this year, and we are aggressively pursuing additional opportunities. Moving to Slide 11. We're seeing positive momentum at some of our other businesses in the portfolio. For example, in the Philippines, our Masinloc plant achieved record performance in May and June. We have seen similar trends at our Kilroot plant in Northern Ireland, where we have benefited from lower coal prices. Overall, while the last -- while in the last quarter we faced headwinds at some of our businesses, given the results of our portfolio, year-to-date, we are confident that we can deliver on our adjusted EPS and proportional cash flow guidance for 2012, which, as you know, represents a roughly 20% increase over 2011. Looking beyond 2012, as I discussed on our last call, we faced some challenges in 2013, including low capacity and natural gas prices at DP&L. In 2014 and '15, we see favorable trends, including improved capacity prices in PJM, greater demand growth in key markets such as Brazil, Chile and Colombia, improved earnings from our wind portfolio, contributions from our current construction projects and value creation through our capital allocation decisions. Over the medium term, we remain optimistic about our earnings trajectory and business prospects. The new capital allocation strategy has improved returns on new projects by focusing on utilizing trapped cash and local leverage capacity and expanding on existing platform. We're focusing on those platform expansion projects that require little equity from AES, have shorter lead times and make the greatest contribution to the bottom line. Some near-term examples of these types of projects include Tunhita [ph], a 20-megawatt small hydro facility related to our 1,000-megawatt Chivor hydro plant in Colombia, and the 52 megawatts of lithium ion battery facilities colocated with the Angamos and Deepwater plants. Another potential project is the closing of the open cycle at the Los Mina plant and making greater use of our Andres regassification facility in the Dominican Republic. All of these projects could be constructed relatively quickly, require less equity from AES and would generate earnings faster than greenfield construction. As far as 2013 is concerned, we will issue guidance no later than the fourth quarter earnings call. Now Mary will review the drivers of our quarterly results and our 2012 guidance in more detail. Mary?
Mary E. Wood: Thanks, Andres, and good morning, everyone. This morning, beginning on Slide 12, I will cover the following topics: first, our second quarter results and key drivers of proportional gross margin, adjusted earnings per share, cash flow from operations and free cash flow; second, parent liquidity; and finally, our 2012 guidance. As Andres mentioned, we reported $0.18 of adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter and $0.55 for the first half of 2012. With our first half results, we are still in line with our internal expectations for the full year. Later in my remarks, I will walk through what we see as the key drivers of adjusted EPS for the second half of this year and why we believe that full year results will still be in line with our guidance range of $1.22 to $1.30 although at the lower end. Before covering the results in more detail, I would like to provide some perspective on the year-over-year decline in adjusted EPS we experienced this quarter. First, during the second quarter of 2011, Gener in Chile had a strong quarter due to significant spot sales at favorable prices. We did not expect that opportunity to reoccur in 2012 so we projected lower results from this business in the second quarter of this year. Gener also had some planned and unplanned outages at its coal-fired facilities during the second quarter of this year. The lower volume also contributed to the year-over-year trend. All affected plants are back on line and performing in line with our expectation. Second, our quarterly results include an additional and final adjustment to the new tariff for Eletropaulo recently approved by the regulator, which was a tougher outcome than anticipated and required a catch-up accrual. These factors affecting 2 of our more significant businesses explain much of the year-over-year decline. These headwinds were partially offset by contributions from our new businesses, which are expected to continue to make significant year-over-year contributions in the second half of 2012. Now turning to Slide 13. Our proportional gross margin decreased by $56 million compared to the second quarter of 2011. Gener recorded a reduction of $60 million, approximately half due to lower spot sales and half due to lower plant availability. The proportional gross margin impact of the Eletropaulo tariff reset was $35 million for the quarter, including a catch-up accrual of $12 million. This represents the final adjustment for the tariff decision as we have been accruing for the outcome since the third quarter of 2011. In addition, unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates had an impact of $20 million. These trends were partially offset by the contributions of new businesses in the United States, Bulgaria and Latin America. Turning to adjusted earnings per share on Slide 14. Second quarter results decreased by $0.11 to $0.18. Gener in Chile accounted for $0.07 of the decline. Eletropaolo, primarily due to the final tariff reset, represented $0.04 of the reduction. Offsetting these declines, new businesses contributed $0.04 during the quarter. A reduction in SG&A also added $0.02 for the quarter. Foreign exchange headwinds reduced adjusted EPS by $0.02 for the quarter, primarily driven by the Brazilian real, which has depreciated by 19%. Together, the operating drivers accounted for $0.07 of the decline. In terms of non-operating drivers, the quarterly effective tax rate was higher than the rate from a year earlier due in part to a change in the book income mix, which resulted in a $0.03 reduction year-over-year. We expect a reduction in the effective tax rate on a full year basis. Now turning to cash flow on Slide 15. On a proportional basis, our free cash flow has increased 44% compared to the second quarter of 2011. This was driven by contributions from new businesses and a higher cash flow from Latin American generation due to improved working capital, partially offset by a decline at Eletropaulo adjusted for a 16% ownership stake. Now I will review our parent liquidity as of the end of June on Slide 16. During the quarter, we benefited from $677 million of inflows from our asset sales and cash from our subsidiaries. During the quarter, we invested $230 million in share repurchases. After $323 million of corporate interest, overhead and investment, we ended the second quarter with more than $1 billion of parent liquidity, up from $911 million at the end of the first quarter. We are pleased with our operating performance that provides us ample liquidity to increase value for our shareholders. Turning to Slide 17. I'd like to discuss our outlook for the remainder of the year. Although we have faced significant headwinds, we expect to offset most of these with new businesses, operational improvement, cost reductions and capital allocation initiatives that we have been discussing for the last few quarters. Accordingly, we are reaffirming our 2012 adjusted EPS and proportional free cash flow guidance although we now expect to come in at the lower end of the range. Next, I will review the specific drivers of our second half 2012 performance and how we expect to achieve our adjusted EPS target, through year-over-year changes in our businesses, as well as proactive steps that we have taken to improve our earnings. Turning to Slide 18. Our pro forma adjusted EPS was $0.56 in the second half of 2011, excluding the pre-closing interest cost on the $2 billion of parent debt that we issued to fund the acquisition of DP&L. We believe that the performance of our businesses will be largely consistent with the second half of 2011. Beyond this, we expect to generate an additional $0.11 to $0.15 of earnings, with approximately 70% or $0.09 of this expected increase, driven by contributions from new businesses. As a reminder, Maritza, Changuinola and Angamos achieved full commercial operations late in the second half of 2011 and DP&L was acquired in late November. In addition, our key initiatives, such as cost cutting, operational improvements and capital allocation, are expected to contribute roughly $0.06. These gains are partially offset by year-over-year commodity and foreign exchange headwinds of approximately $0.03 to $0.04. The $0.11 to $0.15 of improvement that we are targeting in the second half of this year versus the second half of 2011 should put us in the lower end of our adjusted EPS guidance range of $1.22 to $1.30 for the year. Although we expect both the third and fourth quarters of 2012 to record gains year-over-year, the second half increase is more weighted towards the fourth quarter. As discussed on our last call, our guidance assumes the extension of the controlled foreign corporation, or CFC, look-through provision, originally enacted under TIPRA. As in prior years, we expect Congress will retroactively extend this tax legislation later this year. Based on actions taken last Thursday by the Senate Finance Committee, which voted for a 2-year extension, we continue to expect that this will occur. If the CFC look-through rule is not extended before year end, we estimate an impact of $0.02 to $0.03 this year. Recall that this would be a noncash impact as we have an outstanding net operating loss balance of approximately $2.1 billion. Overall, we continue to project the tax rate in the low 30% range, generally in line with the rate we recorded in 2011. Turning to our cash flow guidance on Slide 19. As we discussed on our last call, we expect our full year results to achieve the lower end of our range on proportional free cash flow primarily as the result of working capital changes and assets sold this year. We are also now guiding to the lower end of our range on subsidiary distributions as we may elect to retain some operating cash at our key platform businesses, such as Gener, for tax-efficient investment purposes. In summary, we are pulling all the levers available to us to meet our guidance despite the headwinds that we experienced in the last quarter. Andres will now address our plans for capital allocation for the second half of 2012.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Thank you, Mary. Now moving to Slide 20, I would like to discuss our plans for capital allocation for the balance of 2012. This year, we expect to generate $1.6 billion of discretionary cash. Year-to-date, we've already allocated 61% to strengthening our balance sheet. We have used another $145 million or 9% towards our joint venture in Turkey and wind projects in the U.K. and Poland to realize the value of recent pipeline acquisitions. We expect to invest an additional $132 million in other growth opportunities during the second half of the year. This leaves us with roughly $350 million of discretionary cash that we have not yet allocated. We will continue to update you on our capital allocation plan as we receive the cash later this year. Turning to Slide 21. In terms of future growth, our construction program remains on schedule. Construction work at our 270-megawatt Campiche project in Chile is progressing well, and it's expected to commence operations in early 2013. The Kribi project, a 216-megawatt power plant in Cameroon, is also expected to come online in 2013. Additionally, the 1,200-megawatt Mong Duong project in Vietnam is scheduled for commercial operations in 2015, and civil and construction works are underway at the site. As a reminder, we have already made the necessary equity contributions and have committed nonrecourse debt financing for all of these construction projects. In terms of future value creation, we will continue to focus on those markets and platforms where we have a significant presence and a compelling competitive advantage. To that end, we're making progress on our advanced development pipelines in Chile, Colombia and the U.S. In Chile, we have the Cochrane project, a 532-megawatt expansion adjacent to our newly commissioned and successful Angamos plant. We're also progressing on Alto Maipo, a 531-megawatt run of the river hydro near Santiago that builds upon our existing Alpalpal [ph] facility. In the U.S., we will grow our platform at Indianapolis Power & Light with investments in environmental controls at some of our coal-fired generation units that will earn regulated returns. Outside of the 3 biggest markets, we also see growth opportunities in the Philippines and India. We are working on Masinloc 2, a brownfield expansion of our very successful Masinloc plant in the Philippines. In India, we're pursuing an expansion of our OPGC facility and expect to be able to fund a substantial portion of our equity with local liquidity. For all development projects, we will utilize the most capital-efficient funding sources, including local cash generation and leverage capacity wherever possible to reduce the required AES equity contribution and improve AES' capital efficiency. In closing, we believe that the successful execution of our strategy, consisting of disciplined capital allocation, platform expansions, cost cutting and efficiency initiatives, will allow us to create more value for our shareholders. With respect to the second half of 2012, we expect the contributions from our new plants and businesses, which came online late last year, plus better plant availability in Chile, will deliver strong growth this year. In summary, we expect to meet our commitment and achieve our adjusted EPS and proportional free cash flow guidance for 2012. I look forward to visiting many of you with our newly appointed CFO, Tom O'Flynn, in the near future. Operator, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jon Cohen.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the global credit environment and whether or not it's becoming more difficult to finance some of your growth and also refinance some of the amortizations of the project that's coming due.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. I think that in general, we could say that we see tighter financial conditions especially in the project finance area. In our case, it can be, in some markets, an advantage, where we have strong platforms that we can get nonrecourse financing from those platforms. We also have very strong relations with multilaterals, such as the IFC and with bilateral credit agency. So what we're doing now is changing from our project financing model to include more bilateral, multilateral financing and making greater use of the platforms. But really, this is playing to our strength and playing to our strong local presence and our strong relationship with these entities.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. But is the -- so the decision to retain more cash at certain of these subsidiaries, is that in any way related to what you're seeing in the credit markets?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: No, no. What -- in the sense that as the subs -- most of our -- a lot of these big subs are investment grade, we see that we don't have any issues with the refinancing. It's basically a decision given that if we have sufficient liquidity at corp, it's much more efficient from a tax perspective not to bring money out of the country, pay a tax and put money back in. So it's basically given that they have very attractive investment opportunities, we're saying that we'd leave some cash in them. In other cases, in some of the other ones, we do have trapped cash, for example, in India, where we have not been able to dividend the money out. So between us and our partner, which is the state government of Orissa, we have about $180 million. So we're going to deploy that in an expansion of the facility. So there is a differentiation.
Jonathan Cohen - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one last question. If the tax extenders package does not get done, is that $0.02 to $0.03 headwind that you've mentioned before enough to sort of knock you out of the bottom end of that guidance range? Or do you have enough cushion in there to account for that?
Mary E. Wood: We -- this is Mary. We have not built the $0.02 into our guidance although about $0.01 of it is already reflected in our first half results. So it's something that we will have to address although we feel very confident that it will get extended.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: So I wanted to first talk about the long-term growth earnings guidance, so 7% to 9% in EPS growth of 2012. Do you -- I mean, I haven't heard you really reiterating that target. And do you think it's still achievable given the macroeconomic backdrop that you're facing?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: What we are committed to is an 8% to 10% total return over the next 3 years. What we have said is there wouldn't be a straight line growth. And what we see is more challenges in '13. We see a lot of big tailwinds helping us in '14 and '15. So we will manage to that 8% to 10% total return, which, of course, includes our dividend. And, of course, we will update you once we have more information, for example, on what's happening in the various markets. But I think given our portfolio and given the diversity of fuels that we have, one of the things we will come back to you, if need be, is after the settlement of the MRO, for example, in DP&L. But we remain committed to that 8% to 10% total return, which is earnings growth plus dividends.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. Secondly, I was a little bit surprised to see share buybacks during the quarter because I thought that you were not planning to have any share buybacks up until the end of the year. And secondly, it seems like you are becoming a little bit more aggressive with your retail strategy in Ohio. It's also something that I didn't think was a focus. Could you comment on both?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Sure. Regarding the share buybacks, we have said that we would look at share buybacks as one of the uses of our cash and if we felt that there was a compelling valuation that, that would compete with new projects. And in the past, we've said that we would ask for an additional approval to have a bigger program. So we've been very much, I think, executing on what we said we would do. Regarding the retail market in the Midwest, perhaps Andy Vesey can comment on it but that's really part of our strategy of building off our platforms in specific markets.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Yes. This is Andy Vesey. In terms of your question on retail, it's one of the 3 levers we have at Dayton Power & Light, and one has always been to defend our current service territory, the customers there, and also go off system to attract customers. The whole theory behind our retail operations is really the placement of our generation at DP&L. It's the most collaterally efficient way to do that. So our strategy in retail is to continue to gain customers so we could play a strong generation. We have to be aggressive because it's a very intense competitive environment, and it's a game that we're going to play in very hard.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ali Agha.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Some little questions, Andres. If I do the math right, based on the share buyback which you have completed so far, I believe there's only about $50 million left in your current authorization. Should we assume that authorization is going to get expanded? Or how should we be thinking about the future buybacks from this level?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: You're right, Ali. There's about $48 million left in the authorization. We intend to use that and, again, depending as we see the -- our cash coming in and we see our growth prospects, we'll again evaluate what is the best use of that cash. And as I've said in the past, that hasn't been a restriction for us. In terms of -- if we need to get more approvals, we will. But we will again have a balanced approach to capital allocation. We have growth projects. We've also delevered to strengthen our balance sheet. And we also have declared a dividend. And we have some growth prospects as well. So it's very much of a balanced approach.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes. And going back, Andres, to your 8% to 10% target annual return over the next 3 years or so, you take the earnings component of that -- as you pointed out, DPL will be a challenge certainly in '13. There is not much in terms of new projects coming on until '15 when 1,200 megawatts comes on. So when we look at that trajectory, '12 through '15 -- I want to get a sense from you. To me, buyback and debt reduction seem to be the biggest tool available in your arsenal to achieve that. And I'm just wondering how you think about that and how aggressively should we be thinking about that buyback and debt reduction program for you over the next 3 years.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Well, I think if you look at -- as I mentioned, in '14, '15, we have a number of headwinds besides just the new projects. First, we do have some of the investments we're making in the smaller platform expansions, whether it be at Tunhita [ph], whether it be battery storage, whether it be closing a site. Those things will come on much faster than -- will come online in that period. Also, realize that from an earnings perspective, due to the nature of the tax equity financing at our U.S. wind businesses, we have a substantial pickup in '14 and '15 in terms of earnings. So we do have those things coming on. We also expect more, say, demand growth in some of the markets. We know that there are better capacity prices in PJM, which will also be a big pickup. So it's not that we're just going to be relying on share buyback. I also think that we will have full years of the earning -- of the, sorry, cost savings from the programs that we implemented this year and next in terms of becoming more efficient, in terms of SG&A and other factors of cost. Because we are really looking at cost across our portfolio. So in the $65 million that we're talking about, that's really at the parent level. That does not include, for example, the efficiency initiatives on our North American portfolio. That does not include initiatives in Brazil, in other markets. And so we do have -- in a lot of those areas, we are, I'd say, about halfway through some of those programs and we'll plan to accelerate them in the remainder of this year and next.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And one other thing, on the asset sale program, can you just give us an update on what your current thoughts are relative to your original goal? There was some news, as I'm sure you're aware, about you guys talking to the Chinese about the U.S. wind asset sale that seems to have stalled down now. And so just give us a sense of where you are. And again, from a priority perspective, I know in the past you've talked about trying to monetize your renewables portfolio because you're not getting much in terms of equity value for that. Have you continued to believe that? Or what your current thinking is on the asset sales?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: We remain committed to our initial program. What we had said at the beginning was that we had a universe of about $2 billion that we were looking at. We've executed about almost 50% of it. And I think we've executed it very well because we sold at good prices and good earnings multiple. Going forward, what we will be looking at is those things that really help us have a more focused portfolio, as well as help us reduce the cost of some of the support services that we have. And there are also businesses from which we think we cannot grow. So you're correct in the sense that we had looked at renewables because they were low on earnings as we said that -- but, for example, if we look at U.S. wind today, we do really have that pickup in '14, '15, that's in terms of our earnings. We also do have our solar joint venture with Riverstone, and we'll be looking together ways of monetizing that over the future. So I wouldn't like to get into give specific cases prior to really having something concrete. But we are not really changing from our original position. I think we're executing well, but we're not going to do fire sales. We're going to make sure that we sell the assets in the right form to maximize price. For example, our China asset, there's one case where we did receive bids for it as one package and we realized we could do much better by selling it apart. And the difference is not trivial, it's like $30 million. So we'll continue to execute, but we're going to do it in a prudent fashion.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Last question, I apologize. Given your commodity currency exposure, every quarter, these are moving targets. And so just given the nature of your business, are you going to be comfortable putting guidance out there because there's going to be movements every quarter? Or are there other offsets that you have at your disposal so we're comfortable that when you put a guidance number out, it's going to be achieved regardless of the currency commodity moves that are inevitable every few months?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. I think that's the reason we give a range. And we don't move the range every quarter with the commodity prices. That's one of the drivers of our performance within that range. Now AES is a portfolio. And so generally, we do have offsets. Sometimes, the stars align a little bit so we -- on a quarter basis. That's why we don't quite frankly give quarterly guidance because of that, but we do give yearly guidance. We are very conscious now of the portfolio exposures to the various commodities, and we are taking steps to try to mitigate that over time. So we -- again, those are good questions. That's why we give yearly guidance and we don't give quarterly guidance. And if you actually look at what we're executing on, we are looking at a 20%-plus increase in our adjusted EPS this year, and we've taken a lot of steps. And yes, we've had some headwinds, but that's to be expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: On Eletropaulo, when you indicate the decision from ANEEL is final, in other words, you cannot appeal that subsequent to their final decision.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. I'd like Andy to answer that one.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Yes. Charles, it's Andy Vesey. There are some things that can be done. And we've actually taken the first step, which is to file for an administrative appeal and review. This is a normal process in Brazil after a tap [ph] -- really, to review things of errors or administrative procedural that may have gone wrong. In our administrative filing, which was filed shortly after the case came out, we basically raised 2 key points: One was the removal from the shielded asset -- excuse me, the shielded rate asset base of 2007 to 2011, of these particular cables. We believe that's a procedural and administrative violation to go in and take things out of a shielded asset -- shielded rate asset base, as well as the loss benchmark that Andres had referred to earlier. In Brazil, this loss benchmark is used for over 40% of the distribution businesses and our analysis shows that statistically, the benchmark was an outlier. And therefore, we're appealing both of those. The process for that is if there were to be a change or any benefit that would come out of that, it probably would be applied at the time of the next half adjustment, which would be July 2013 and be retroactive back to July 2011. We have done this in the past and we have had some movement. But given the size of the issues here, I don't want to raise false expectations but we've already taken that action. Finally, at the end of that, should we still be concerned about the outcome, we always have the right, as any Brazilian company would, to appeal it to the Supreme Court. But in Brazil, that could be a process that could take many, many years.
Operator: And our next question then comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith.
Unknown Analyst: Actually, this is Andrew Gay [ph] stepping in for Julien. Given the increase in the G&A savings for 2012, what are you thinking for 2013? You left the guidance unchanged so might there be further savings there? And then how does that play into your 8% to 10% total return target?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: That's a good question. The savings that we expect from the more focused strategy and the simplification of our portfolio are substantial. And we expect to achieve at least $65 million this year, at least $100 million by the end of next year. Before we would, say, raise the number, we would really like to have more time and more concrete -- part of that will depend on the number of markets, quite frankly, that we exit in terms of going forward, additional markets that we would exit. So to -- in summary, we expect at least $65 million this year, at least $100 million, and this is a run rate going forwards by the end of next year.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then on the Indianapolis RFP, what's the timing on that and how might you get rate recovery on any rate base build and how does that play into any potential future rate cases?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: I will ask Andy to answer that one.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Okay. Andrew, this is Andy Vesey. The process is that we're receiving the interest and the competitive bids. It's my understanding that these will be opened in, I think, mid-September, if not late September. We will also be proposing our own, hopefully, cost-competitive option for that. To the degree that we were to be making capital investments, those most likely would be recovered at our next rate case. And prior to that, we would be getting AFUDC treatment. So if we were to be building this project and I want to say the following is that it's a competitive process at this point in time. So there are many opportunities. One, we could build -- somebody else can build or we could buy the capacity. We could buy the energy. There's many ways to go through this. But if we were to build this project, it most likely would wind up going into rates at our next rate case.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You touched on the Eletropaulo decision and the fact that at 16% ownership, it's a smaller part of the company's earnings. I was wondering if you could touch on it in the context of the Brazil platform and whether you'd consider selling Eletropaulo.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: That's a good question. I mean, we have -- in terms of the large markets where we're present, Brazil is a market with a rapidly growing energy demand and where we had a very substantial footprint. We still have a lot of unlevered capacity -- or leveraged capacity at Tietê, which is a contracted 3,000 megawatts of hydro. When we look at what Eletropaulo -- we do own 16%. We did develop the telecoms outside of Eletropaulo. And we also have the footprint in the south in the business of Sul. So our footprint in Brazil is more than just Eletropaulo. We are one of the players there. And we do have the capacity to grow. And we do have now very good relations with BNDES and can finance new projects. We will do projects, of course, that are good projects. So that's -- we have the capacity for growth, but we're making sure that we grow from good projects. Regarding Eletropaulo, we have in effect been in a process of reducing our position there since 2006. We sold down half of our holdings and we took out the telco. So the important thing for us is Eletropaulo is more -- it had, we felt, more regulatory challenges than our other businesses there. And that given -- we have, I think, given what we could do, we've managed it as well as possible. So right now, what we're focusing on is making sure that we make it as profitable a business as possible within the new guidelines. And this is our second major cost efficiency program that we're doing and that's creating value. We had done one prior to that. So I guess, in a nutshell, we still see Brazil as an interesting market. We still have the critical footprint. And we still have the unused leverage at Tietê, which are the things that we'd be focusing on. Eletropaulo has been challenging, and we've done everything we can to restore profitability of that business.
Operator: The next caller is Brian Russo.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Could you just clarify the statement you mentioned earlier on the DPL outlook? You said that '13 results would be worse than expected. Is that your original expectations? Or is that based on the MRO and the ongoing settlement? Just hoping to get some more clarification on that.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Basically, what I was referring to is low natural gas prices and low capacity prices, so looking at today's forward curves for gas and looking at what we know for capacity prices in '13, they're low. So those are 2 factors that are affecting DP&L. And we also, of course, know the switching rates that we've experienced to date. So -- what we wanted to be, as transparent as possible regarding what we see for '13 for DP&L just like we do see a much better capacity prices in '14 and '15 at DP&L.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, understood. And then also, you mentioned a few negative headwinds on 2013, including DPL and the commodity sensitivity throughout the portfolio. Could you talk specifically at some of the positive drivers that you see in 2013?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Sure. So the positive drivers that we have is: first, the cost cuts that we've done this year. The second, the projects that have come online fully. So we do have projects, for example Angamos for the -- in Chile, which, for the first half of the year, were contracted at about 65% or now 90% contracted for the second half of the year. So we'll enjoy the benefit of a full year for that. So on '13, we'll have the full benefit of a lot of the construction projects, which were inaugurated at the end of last year. We also see cost cuts coming in and as well as -- we have Campiche, Kribi, some wind projects coming on as well. So there are a number of positive things coming on for 2013, but we also -- we've always pointed it out that '13, given -- we're coming off a base of a 20% growth in 2012. So given that our projects are lumpy, it's not going to be a similar year to 2012. And we have now the issue of what will the MRO filing look like for 2013 in DP&L.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. We should still expect growth in '13 just not quite at the rate we saw in '12 over '11. Is that accurate?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: That's accurate. That's accurate.
Mary E. Wood: In certain markets.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: The aggregate, yes.
Mary E. Wood: Yes.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then one last question, the IPL environmental spend. Can you remind us how much -- how many dollars is to be spent? And then also, when we might expect the next general rate case?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay. We don't have an answer to the second one in terms of what we would expect the general rate case. But in terms of the environmental spend, it's around $500 million.
Andrew Martin Vesey: $500 million to $700 million.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. $500 million to $700 million.
Andrew Martin Vesey: And since the -- Brian, this is Andy Vesey -- potentially, we expect probably over 90% of the cost associated with that environmental spend to be covered in the Senate Bill 29. We're going to track a recovery and that expenditure will not drive us any closer to needing to go to a rate case. So it's not -- they're not connected.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Understood. And over what time period is the $500 million to $700 million spent?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Well, we have to be compliant by law by April 2015. We're making an extension. So that project will probably start up in earnest, the environmental control project, in the first quarter of next year, with construction probably starting in the third quarter. And we're dealing with our 5 Petersburg plants and Harding 7, and we're going to match the outage schedule going forward to complete it by 2016.
Operator: And our next question comes from Angie Storozynski.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: [Audio Gap] waiting for a potential settlement, you keep calling it a procedural MRO? I mean, it's based on the other utilities in Ohio. It feels like it's going to be an ESB [ph]. But if you could comment about why it's taking so long. Is it somewhat linked to the other regulatory procedures pending? And also, you mentioned that power prices in Ohio are positively correlated with natural gas prices. But we have seen a pickup in natural gas prices over the last couple of weeks. And yet, Ohio power prices are actually flat to slightly down. And how that ties into your visibility about profitability of the business?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay, let's take one at a time. I think, in terms of the timing, there are 26 interveners in the process and there's a wide range of interveners. So that's one thing that's taking some time. Regarding the second, in terms of power prices in Ohio and the relationship to natural gas, what we're saying is that basically, DP&L's fleet is coal for the most part -- and it's scrap coal for the most part. But nonetheless, it's competing with gas on the margin. So that is one of the things that's affecting the profitability of those plants going forward. It's the same case, for example, due to a much lesser extent at IPL in the sense that we do sell into the wholesale market and we do have coal plants which are competing with coal. I don't know if Andy would like to add some color to some of the questions that were asked.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Yes. The only thing that I would -- to the first part about why it's taking so long. I think you probably all are aware that the procedural schedule was put on hold. Today would have been the date that interveners would have had to file testimony, and August 27 was the last date for the evidentiary hearing, which would have signaled the end of the settlement process. By petition of the parties, the schedule has been suspended because -- the fact is everybody is working very hard to bring this to settlement. So I would probably say that there's still a desire by all parties, all 26 parties, some of whom are our competitors, that a settlement be reached and we are still hopeful, as Andres said in his opening remarks, end of the third quarter or early fourth quarter. And I think the suspension of the settlement -- I mean, of the schedule is a signal that, no, there is no new schedule. And the only time a new schedule will be put into place if the parties basically say they cannot get to a settlement. So we're still on the settlement path. I think on the other side, going into 2013, the forward curves with 2013 on average are about $2.50-plus. That's still low for that business given the range of outcomes. We're hopeful as we get into 2014, with the pickup of capacity prices and continuing strengthening of the gas curves, we'll see this business start to take a much more positive trend as we've said in the past calls.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And my last question, about Gener. What happened exactly in the second quarter, the lower availability of one of the plants? And should we read into any long-term issues with that business from the results from the second quarter?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: I'd like Ned to answer that one. But basically, no. We don't have any systemic issues there.
Edward C. Hall: Angie, the -- we had outages at several of our large coal plants that have now been repaired. So we were out where we had budgeted to be in service. As a result of taking the units offline, we also moved forward planned outages for later in the year. So we will have the opportunity to make that up in the volume and depending on what prices look like over the rest of the year. So we anticipate recovery.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Chin.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I know you guys have changed around the authorizations for share buybacks earlier this year, but can we just get a tally of how much in your share buyback program you've got left? If I remember right, you had upped the number to $680 million earlier this year. I just want to make sure I understand sort of where we're at and how much is left to go.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Under our current authorizations right now, we have $48 million. We had $302 million that we mentioned on our prior call. But as I said, the share buyback is part of our capital allocation process. We will look at, if we have compelling valuations, where we allocate the additional $350 million that we have coming in later this year.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Prior to you doing more share backs, I guess it's safe to assume that we should see another authorization for an uplift provided that, that $48 million isn't all that you want to do, right?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: If you want to answer that, Brian, I don't think we would have to -- we would mention it on the next call if we have authorization, an increase in authorization for buybacks. Thank you all very much for participating in this call.
Ahmed Pasha: Yes, thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference call. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Finance & Investment Committee Victoria D. Harker - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and President of Global Business Services Andrew Martin Vesey - Chief Operating Officer of Utilities and Executive Vice President Edward C. Hall - Chief Operating Officer of Generation and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Unknown Analyst
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ahmed Pasha, Head of Investor Relations.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Effie. Good morning, and welcome to the first quarter 2012 earnings call of The AES Corporation. Our earnings release presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. They are many factors that may cause future results to differ materially from these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. Joining me today this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Victoria Harker, our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Thanks, Ahmed, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2012 earnings call. Since our last earnings call in February, we have continued to meet with many of our investors as we visited Baltimore, New York and London. We had some great meetings, and I appreciate the direct feedback on our plans and strategy. Today, I would like to highlight some of the progress that we've made since our fourth quarter call. First, we're off to a good start with our first quarter results. And despite some headwinds, we are reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance for the full year. Second, we're encouraged with the progress we are making at DP&L, including their market rate option filing and the likelihood of reaching a constructive outcome in a timely manner. Third, we have closed 2 more asset sales, Red Oak and Ironwood, for a total of $227 million in proceeds to AES. We have also signed an agreement to sell our interest in 379 megawatts of hydro assets in China subject to customary approvals. This represents additional equity proceeds of approximately $48 million. And fourth, we remain committed to using a balanced approach to capital allocation in order to deliver on our 2013 to 2015 total return goals. To that end, we have increased our current share repurchase authorization by $180 million, so we now have authorization of $302 million.  Now turning to our first quarter 2012 financial results. As you may have seen in our press release this morning, we reported $0.37 in adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter, a 54% increase over the first quarter of last year. Similarly, our proportional free cash flow grew 51% during the first quarter. Victoria will discuss the drivers of our performance in more detail, but I am pleased with our results, which puts us in a strong position for the year. We delivered this healthy performance despite having had an extremely mild winter in the U.S., one of the warmest in recent history, which affected us doubly through low natural gas and energy prices, as well as lower demand. The second topic I'd like to address is DP&L. During the first quarter, we continued with our plans to integrate DP&L with the rest of AES' portfolio. We named the new President and CEO of DP&L, Phil Harrington. Phil has more than 20 years of industry experience, which includes managing a competitive power business. His experience and skills are well suited for today's dynamic Ohio marketplace. At DP&L, our focus is threefold: Obtaining a constructive outcome in the rate proceedings for 2013, executing on our retail strategy and achieving operating efficiencies as a business. As you may recall, DP&L's current generation rate expired in December of 2012. To establish the tariff for 2013 and beyond, DP&L filed a market rate option or MRO with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio at the end of March. Under the proposed terms of the MRO, DP&L will transition customers to market prices for generation over the next 5 years. We are working closely with the Ohio commission, customers and other interested parties to arrive at a constructive outcome for all stakeholders in a timely manner. The staff's comments were issued last Friday, and they were very productive. We are where we expected to be at this stage of the process. The team at DP&L is also focused on enhancing their retail capabilities. Customer switching trends at DP&L for the first quarter of 2012 were in line with our guidance for the year as 3% of the load switched during the quarter. As of the end of March, 53% of the total retail load had switched to ultimate suppliers, but DP&L's retail arm was able to capture 78% of those switched loads. The reduction in DP&L's gross margin in the quarter as a result of customers switching is approximately $27 million, up $18 million from the first quarter of 2011. DP&L's retail arm is now not only aggressively working to retain customers in its service territory but it is also branching out to attract new customers in Illinois and other areas of Ohio. DP&L's retail subsidiary, MC Squared, recently won a competitive bid auction to supply several North Shore, Illinois communities with electricity for up to 3 years. We are also taking a careful look at ways to improve our operating margins at DP&L and our North American portfolio in general. Due to current low natural gas prices, the near-term outlook for DP&L is challenging and admittedly disappointing relative to our expectations at the time we announced the acquisition. However, forecast for DP&L are still within our guidance range for this year and consistent with our earnings growth rate targets for 2013 to 2015. Thirdly, I'd like to update you on our asset sales program. We continue to make good progress on narrowing our geographic and business focus by selling select, nonstrategic businesses. Since our last call, we closed the sales of our Ironwood and Red Oak plants for a total of $227 million. In addition, today, we announced that we signed an agreement to sell 100% of our interest in the 379-megawatt small hydro assets in China. On a proportional basis, we will sell 72 megawatts. Proceeds are expected to be approximately $48 million, and we believe this transaction will close in the second half of 2012. Including the transaction announced today, we have closed and signed asset sales totaling $804 million, about 40% of the potential $2 billion universe of nonstrategic assets that could be sold. The average P/E multiple realized on these sales was more than 20x 2011 adjusted earnings. These sales have also led to the deconsolidation of $1.7 billion of non-recourse debt from our balance sheet. Finally, as we laid out in our fourth quarter earnings call, we're executing a balanced approach to capital allocation, which aims to balance strong total shareholder returns with profitable growth. Now let me review the primary sources of available cash that we will allocate this year. In addition to our asset-sale proceeds, we expect to generate approximately $600 million of parent free cash flow. This will bring our total net discretionary cash for the year to approximately $1.3 billion. Now let me lay out how we plan to use our available cash. We intend to use approximately 2/3 or $920 million to delever the company and buy back stock. To date, we have already paid down $197 million of expensive non-recourse debt in Brazil, and we have used another $285 million to repay borrowings on our corporate revolver, which we drew on to fund the acquisition of DP&L. As I mentioned previously, our Board of Directors has increased the outstanding authorization for share buybacks from $122 million to $302 million. We have not repurchased any shares since the fourth quarter of 2011 because we used our liquidity to fund the acquisition of DP&L and then, in the first quarter, to pay down associated borrowings under the revolver. Nonetheless, at current prices, we see share buybacks as a value accretive investment. In addition, starting in Q4, we will be paying a $30 million quarterly dividend. With respect to the remaining 1/3 of our discretionary free cash or approximately $360 million, we intend to utilize the sum to grow our portfolio or to further invest in our balance sheet.  Before making any final determination, we will apply the capital allocation framework we discussed in our last call with the goal of maximizing risk-adjusted total returns for our shareholders. To that end, we will provide you with an update on our capital allocation plan as we make progress on asset sales and realize the free cash flow being generated by our existing businesses. Now let me provide you with an update on our development projects. We are only proceeding with those projects that meet our investment criteria in markets where we believe we have a compelling, competitive advantage. We are giving preference to those projects that expand upon existing platforms and use pools of local liquidity, either debt or cash. Our goal is to significantly improve on our overall capital efficiency and return on invested capital. In Chile, we are making good progress on our 2 most advanced development projects, Cochrane and Alto Maipo. Cochrane is a 532-megawatt coal-fired plant adjacent to our newly commissioned and successful Angamos project in the northern grid. And Alto Maipo is a 531-megawatt run of the river hydro plant near the load center in Santiago. Alto Maipo is an expansion of our existing 209 Alfalfal run of the river hydro facility. We have already received a number of critical milestones on both projects, including securing the necessary environmental permits. We are currently working on the power offtake agreement, construction contracts and financing. Given our large position in Chile, we expect the equity needs of the 2 projects to be -- or supplied through the local Chilean market or through cash being generated at the AES Gener level.  We're also making good progress in the Philippines, where we had a 630-megawatt coal-fired expansion project adjacent to our existing 660-megawatt Masinloc facility. Recently, the Philippine government approved this project for various investment incentives, such as an income tax holiday. The project team is now focused on offtake agreements, EPC contracts and non-recourse financing with the view to close in 2013. In India, where we have strap cash in our joint venture with the state government of Orissa, we are making progress in deploying that cash towards a tripling of capacity at our OPGC facility.  Our initial equity contributions to the platform expansions in India and the Philippines are unlikely to occur before 2013 as the projects can self-fund early stage development activities. In addition to these platform expansion projects, we're making steady progress on building on our wind development pipeline in Poland and the U.K. and the development of 2 thermal projects, one in Colombia via Chivor, a 1000-megawatt hydro owned by AES Gener, and one in Turkey via our joint venture with Koç. We're also moving forward with smaller but highly profitable platform expansions, like a 20-megawatt lithium ion battery facility related to the Angamos facility in Chile, to Ingetec [ph] , a 20-megawatt expansion of our hydro plant at Chivor in Colombia, and closing our open cycle Los Mina gas plant in the Dominican Republic. We expect our equity investments in all of these projects in 2012 to be modest.  Our larger construction projects are also progressing well. In Chile, we expect the 270-megawatt coal-fired Campiche plant to be commissioned in early 2013. And in Vietnam, our 1,200-megawatt coal-fired Mong Duong plant remains on track for commissioning in 2015. Overall, I am pleased with the growth prospects that we have across our portfolio. We have not seen any negative effects from our reduction in business development expenditures. Our greater focus on platform expansions has lowered development cost and is yielding projects with higher average returns and greater capital efficiency, which we define as net present value over AES equity investment. Even so, in all cases, the value created by development projects must beat the value creation opportunity we have through share buybacks and debt repayment. As I mentioned on the last quarterly call, we will implement our capital allocation framework with the goal of achieving an average 3-year total return of 8% to 10% from 2013 through 2015. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Victoria to discuss our strong results in the first quarter in greater detail.
Victoria D. Harker: Thanks, Andres, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover the following topics: our first quarter results in key drivers of growth margins; earnings per share; cash from operations and free cash flow; parent liquidity; and finally, our 2012 guidance. First, let's review our financial results for the quarter. Our proportional gross margin increased by $172 million compared to the first quarter of 2011. This was driven by the contributions of our new businesses, including Dayton Power & Light in the U.S., Maritza in Bulgaria, Angamos in Chile and Changuinola in Panama, as well as strong volume growth in Latin America. In addition, gross margin benefited from settlement of several prior period claims at Cartagena in Spain. These disputes were resolved earlier this quarter, allowing us to record a proportional pretax benefit of approximately $67 million. However, we also experienced some headwinds during the quarter. At AES Gener, lower spot pricing reduced margins in the SING in the Northern part of Chile. This is a significant trend we're experiencing this year, which I will cover in more detail when I discuss our full year 2012 guidance expectations. Beyond this, as many of you know, the tariff reset process for Eletropaulo in Brazil is still underway. However, on April 19, the regulator there issued a preliminary tariff proposal, which is lower than previously expected. To reflect our updated projections of the tariff reset outcome on AES, we increased our pretax regulatory liability to $162 million for the quarter, which includes a catch-up liability of $29 million for the second half of 2011. Relative to our previous expectations, this equates to an incremental ongoing $5 million impact to proportional gross margin per quarter as AES owns 16% of Eletropaulo. Turning to adjusted earnings per share. First quarter results increased by $0.13 to $0.37. The new businesses contributed $0.06 during the quarter, and higher volumes in Latin America added $0.05. Lower prices primarily related to the tariff reset expectation in Eletropaulo in Brazil and spot prices in Chile reduced earnings per share by $0.04. Beyond this, outages at our plants in Northern Ireland and Panama impacted the quarter by $0.02. Repairs in those locations are nearing completion, and most of those plants will be back online later this quarter. In addition, our Esti plant in Panama is also scheduled to the back online early in the second half of 2012. Finally, the settlement at Cartagena added $0.06 for the quarter. In total, the trends affecting gross margin added $0.11. Lower G&A cost and other factors contributed $0.02 in the quarter compared to the same quarter last year. When compared to a year earlier, diluted or GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations increased $0.14 to $0.44 for the quarter, driven by an increase in gross margin and a gain on the sale of Cartagena, but offset by impairment losses, which are excluded from adjusted earnings per share. Now turning to cash flow. The same operating trends also drove our cash flow performance for the quarter. We recorded year-over-year gains on both a consolidated and a proportional basis. On a consolidated basis, our net cash from operating activities increased 6% year-over-year. Our proportional free cash flow increased 51% to $235 million for the quarter.  These positive cash flow trends also benefited parent liquidity during the quarter. Not only did we generate $229 million from the close of the sale of our business in Cartagena in Spain, but we also realized $176 million in subsidiary distributions from ongoing operation. Finally, as Andres mentioned, we repaid $285 million of borrowings under our corporate revolver that have been previously drawn during our acquisition of DP&L in late 2011. As a result, we ended the first quarter with more than $900 million of parent liquidity, up from $693 million at year end 2011, significantly strengthening the parent balance sheet. In summary, we report a strong quarter across most financial metrics. Further, we're on track with our cost-cutting initiatives as we expect to achieve $50 million of savings in 2012 and cumulative cost savings of $100 million by the end of 2013. With all of these levers in hand, we are well positioned to deliver on our financial commitments in 2012 and beyond. Now let me give you an update on our 2012 guidance. We are reaffirming our full year guidance for adjusted earnings per share and all cash flow metrics based on the trends we currently see. However, we are lowering U.S. GAAP earnings per share guidance at this time from a range of $1.28 to $1.36 to $1.22 to $1.30, reflecting the $0.06 of noncash impairment recorded during the quarter. Now let me discuss trends impacting our guidance metrics in greater detail. Since our last call, there have been both positive and negative developments that have had an impact on our 2012 forecast. Starting with our earnings per share. As I mentioned earlier, relative to our budget, we experienced a decline in spot market pricing in Chile during the quarter. Lower spot prices in Northern Chile were primarily driven by the temporary market pricing impacts of fuel supply dynamics at competitor plants. AES Gener's exposure to lower spot prices in Northern Chile reduced adjusted earnings per share by approximately $0.04. However, in June, contracted capacity at AES Gener's new Angamos facility will increase from 65% to 90%. So the exposure to this market pricing factor will be reduced during the second half of the year.  In addition, the Eletropaulo tariff reset is still pending, and it's expected to be finalized by June of this year. Relative to our previous 2012 guidance, we now have to absorb a $0.02 reduction in adjusted earnings per share, consistent with our Q1 regulatory liability accruals. We will, of course, update you once this important tariff change is finalized. Another factor affecting our 2012 operational outlook is the loss of earnings from the Red Oak and Ironwood plans due to their sale, which is approximately $0.01. As these asset sales are now closed, we have reflected this in our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range. On a positive side, since December 2011, foreign exchange and commodity price forward curves have moved in our favor. We've updated our guidance to reflect the forward curves as of March 31, 2012. This resulted in a positive impact of $0.06 in adjusted earnings per share. Finally, we're projecting a $0.01 benefit from investing our discretionary cash in planned debt paydown and share repurchases in the second half of 2012.  Further, as previously noted on our last call, our adjusted earnings per share guidance assumes the extension of the U.S. income tax deferral benefits originally enacted under TIPRA. This is reflected in an effective tax rate for 2012, which remains generally in line with our 29% tax rate for 2011. As in prior years, we expect Congress will retroactively extend this tax legislation later this year, but it has not as yet been passed. As a result, we've been hard at work this quarter developing tax mitigation strategies to reduce the full year estimated earnings impact from approximately $0.12 to $0.02 to $0.03 this year should TIPRA not be extended before year end. Recall that this is a noncash impact as we have an outstanding net operating loss balance of approximately $2.1 billion. Considering all of these factors, we are reaffirming our adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $1.22 to $1.30 for 2012.  In terms of our cash flow guidance, we expect 2012 to come in near the lower end of our range for both consolidated and proportional measures. This is largely due to higher working capital requirements in Brazil, higher environmental CapEx anticipated at AES Gener, as well as the loss of cash flow from asset sales. Note that our current guidance includes only the impacts of asset sales that have closed as of April 2012, including Red Oak and Ironwood. We have not yet included the impact of our China asset sale in our guidance, but we expect it to be minimal as this business was not expected to be a significant contributor to our 2012 financials. With that, let me turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Thanks, Victoria. In closing, we are executing on our commitments to our shareholders. A strong first quarter puts us on track for our 2012 target. We continue to sign and close asset sales, and we are achieving good valuations for shareholders while we simplify and streamline our operations. We are well on our way to achieve $50 million in cost reductions for this year and a total of $100 million by the end of next year. We have increased our authorization for share buybacks to $302 million and remain committed to an average 3-year total return of 8% to 10% from 2013 through 2015. I look forward to continuing our dialogue with investors and analysts, and we will be providing timely update on our progress.  Operator, we will now open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first question here, if I heard you right, Victoria, you mentioned a reduction in the TIPRA impact. I would just be curious, what happened there to drive that?
Victoria D. Harker: Without going into a huge amount of detail on the call, we effectively looked at a number of the countries that generate the TIPRA related tax impacts for us and we have looked at changing some of the treatment relative to that from a reporting standpoint. It's not recurring in terms of the benefit, but we do believe if we don't get the extension, we can effectuate that in year, taking the impact from $0.12 to about $0.02 to $0.03.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And on the DPL side, the first question, MRO versus ESP. It seems like the staff or PUCO Bradley wanted to -- seems to desire an ESP. Can you still settle the case even though you have an MRO in front of you? And how would that work just kind of logistically?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Julien, I'd like Andy to answer that.
Andrew Martin Vesey: It's Andrew Vesey. As you know, we did file the MRO because we believe that it was the best way to get a good consolidation of a lot of the interest that our MRO will deliver lower tariff rate to our tariff customers over time, including in 2013. It lines with the statutes in Ohio and advances the public policy to its competition. And for us, it really protects the financial integrity of the company and, importantly, allows us to emerge in this transition period as a viable competitor in the market. That said, the staff comments basically had indicated that they believe we could get all those outcomes with an ESP and, in fact, advised that we consider. And I think the words in their comments were strongly advised that we consider it because it had more advantages to us. But we're entering the technical conference -- the pre-conference hearings next week. We've had a very open engagement with interveners and with staff. I think our view is that there's enough commonality of interest that settlement is a possibility. And my sense is that as we move towards the evidentiary hearing in June, probably the best time to find some common ground. So we are open to the comments. We're open to proposals. Our view is that if we were to consider moving forward from an MRO to an ESP, we would only do so if it gave us the same benefits as the MRO does. And if the staff is correct that there are greater advantages, we surely would consider heading down the road of a settlement. And our view is that the settlement could be done in a timely way within the schedule laid out by the commission. So I think that's the way we're seeing it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then looking at the SG&A and integration of DP&L, just on the cost front, clearly executing on that, but for the balance of the year and as you look into 2013, how does that kind of pan out for you guys? Maybe Victoria?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Go ahead, Andy.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Julien, it's Andy again. When we announced the acquisition, I think we said that we were looking to up -- somewhere around $40 million over time for that. We're making progress. I have to say since November, since we've got it, we've done a lot of work looking at all the cost, analyzing the opportunities and we've started to pull up some synergies. I think what will be helpful to us as we get through the case and we see how we come out, it will give us a better sense of the platform that we'll have and we're going to drive. My view is that within the next 2 years, we'll make substantial progress on that. As Andres had said, the approach at DP&L is 3-pronged and they're almost in series. The first thing we have to do is we have to get the case completed. We have clarity in a lot of the issues. At the same time, the next thing is to really continue to drive on the regulatory strategy. We've made a lot of changes. Adding Phil Harrington is a very important step for us with his competitive experience. We've integrated MC Squared into the retail function broadly at DP&L. We're doing a lot of operational sharing between our other businesses. And that will lead us then to such really drive cost out for 2 reasons: One is because I think across the business, we should do that. We have the capability at AES to do that. But secondly, because it will make us the much more able competitor in the marketplace. The answer to your question, I think we're on track with the synergy as we're looking at them and they will materialize over the next 24 to 36 months.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: And Julien, as we said, really looking at it from a portfolio point of view, so a dollar saved is a dollar saved regardless of where it comes from. So we really want to bring -- to bear our synergies, economies of scale and operating know-how, but we really think of it from a portfolio point of view.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And just a quick last one here, Argentina, there have been some clear news events about nationalization, just first, with regards to any read-throughs. And secondly, from a distribution perspective, the expectation had been fairly minimal regardless, right?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. I mean, first -- regarding Argentina, we have good relations with the government. We've done a number of high profile projects, such as burning biodiesel, the president came to see it, and the CCGT, and certain other high tech. We have exited our distribution businesses, which is the most regulated. As you know, we sold 3 distribution businesses over time. So I think our situation is different from that of a YDF [ph], which has caused a lot of the news and had some particular circumstances around it. Now regarding the importance of Argentina to our portfolio, from the distribution from Argentina this year of $25 million and to put that in perspective, that's about 2% of our total. So we don't expect the material impact of any possible developments in Argentina. But as I said, we have a very productive relationship with the government.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Orrill with Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering if you could hit TIPRA again just in terms of the offsets that you found, sort of what happens to the potential offsets if TIPRA is extended? Would you use those in later years? Or -- and I think you also said it was a onetime benefit, if I heard you right?
Victoria D. Harker: Yes, and I think we can -- it's probably not worth going through a huge amount of detail on this call, but it's relative to our tax filings relative to those particular countries that tend to generate the income for us that are TIPRA related in terms of the tax effects. So once we move down the path of doing that, it's not a duplicative set of benefits that we get if the TIPRA legislation is enacted later this year, but it's -- we don't have it on a recurring basis. It just would occur this year. And again, it would take a full year impact to about $0.02 to $0.03 from about $0.12 that we had anticipated before.
Ahmed Pasha: I think -- this is Ahmed. I mean, these are tax strategies, Gregg, I mean, that our tax group has implemented and they always do that. I mean, this is a tax planning at the end of the day that has helped us to write $0.06 to $0.07 in potential impact.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Well, I think it's important. I mean, we expect TIPRA to be extended. And what we're doing in no way affects sort of the -- it does get extended. There's nothing that we have lost as a result of these actions. We do realize that if it weren't to be extended, we could change the way we upstream cash from these big businesses in -- mainly the big businesses in Chile and Brazil as a result of this. But it's -- as I said, we said from the very beginning that we expected it to be extended. And we also said that we were working on offsetting strategy if just in case it wasn't extended. So we're fulfilling, I think, exactly what we said and we still think it's going to be extended just like it was in 2010.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, that's good to find. In terms of the buyback, if you could, Andres, just kind of clarify what you were saying there about coming back to us on capital allocation later in the year. I wasn't sure if you were meaning to say that you weren't going to be buying back stock in the quarter for one reason or another because the cash wasn't available.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: No, not at all. What I said is that -- as you know, in the fourth quarter of 2011, we're quite aggressive on our buybacks. We did not do any buybacks in the first quarter of this year. And the reason for that, as we said, is that we had to complete the acquisition of DP&L and then we wanted to pay the outstanding balances on our revolver. Going forward, as I said, we believe that at these prices, it's good value for us to do buybacks. What I did mention there is that all of the available cash that I had mentioned, the $1.3 billion, is not included in the additional asset sales. I think if we do additional asset sales and as we see the new projects progress, that 1/3 of the total amount, which is approximately $360 million without additional asset sales, they will be coming back and giving a greater clarity in terms of where we'll be using that money. So I hope that addresses it. I'm not saying at all that going forward, we would not be doing any stock buybacks at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha of SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Andres or Victoria, I wanted to be clear on your 2012 guidance update. And in your updated slide, I did not see any mention of the $0.06 that you picked up for Cartagena this quarter. So to be clear, are you excluding that from your guidance? Had that already been budgeted in the original because I don't recall that? So how should we be thinking about that? And should we look at $0.37 as kind of the starting point to get to the $1.26? Or should we be really looking at $0.31?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay. Let's start back. I mean, first, the Cartagena, $0.06 that was part of our guidance from the start. We've also had some onetime costs associated with the acquisition of DP&L. So it's not just -- our run rate, I don't it's fair to say just the whole $0.06. There were some offsetting a couple of cents in the opposite direction, so no. That has been part of our guidance from the beginning. And then the numbers that we're giving you, you're starting from the $0.37 for the numbers that we have given for the full year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. I'll follow that offline as well. Second question, with regards to the projects and development that you laid out, can you just remind us the -- for the big one that you laid out, what is the equity contribution and to order from AES? When would those projects start contributing if they follow the schedule you planned? And what kind of return on that equity should we be thinking of in terms of potential earnings power from those projects?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay, that's a big question. Let me see and sort of put in pieces. I think when you're referring to the big budgets, you're not referring to like Mong Duong and Campiche because those were fully funded, right?
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'm talking about the projects in your slide that you had laid out in the development bucket.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay, the new one. So you're talking about Cochrane, you're talking about Alto Maipo and we're talking about Masinloc 2?
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay. Cochrane, the way to think about it as sort of cookie cutter, it's another Angamos. The -- right next door, and probably have the same equipment and maybe, say, contractor, similar offtake agreement with the mining company, one or more. So just think of the repetition of Angamos. In terms of the NPV created, for example, at Angamos, to give you an idea -- and again, I can't give you an exact number, we have target for Cochrane, not until we send all the PPAs and finalize the contract, but the NPV created at Angamos was about $300 million. And we're also expanding on the Angamos facility by putting a 20-megawatt battery, lithium ion battery facility there. Alto Maipo would be a very profitable project. It's a large project. It has a -- even though it's run of the river, there's a lot of construction involved. So that would -- if we -- starting now, this is a project which would come onstream around '15, '16. And so those are the 3 main projects. I think when you look at them from a -- so the other one, of course, is Masinloc 2. We -- so let me go back a little bit. So thinking of the 2 Gener projects, you're talking about probably equity needs of around $400 million over the next 3 years and that would come from -- locally through Gener's cash flow and other means. And then if we look at Masinloc, Masinloc does not have the same sort of support, which we're basically looking at a 630-megawatt expansion of the existing, current Masinloc facility. So you're probably talking about -- maybe half that amount, about $200 million. And that's a little bit less advanced than the 2 projects that are in Chile.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then given your comments on the share buyback and capital allocation, Andres, and if I heard you right, you should be looking for more share buybacks over the course of this year and beyond. In the past, you talked about some headwinds and the timing of projects coming on that may cause '13 to perhaps not be on the same path as the '12 to '15 guidance you've been talking about. Should we now see that not necessarily to be the case and perhaps share buybacks could be one way for you to keep '13 on the same path that keeps you going, the 8% to 10% total return, '12 through '15?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: What I was just following, if you look at this year, 2012, it's about a 20% increase in adjusted EPS from 2011, and that's obviously due to acquisitions plus new plants that were commissioned. When we look at '13, we obviously don't have that amount of new plants coming online. So it's not going to have the same sort of growth rate and nor have we said that our target is 8% to 10% every single year. Now we do think that if we -- executing on the share buybacks will help smoothen that path. But there is some inherent lumpiness in this business in terms of when the projects come online or when you execute on acquisitions, and also how quickly we can reinvest to the capital allocation process, additional funds from the asset sales. So what I would say here is that we're on track for 2012, and we're on track for the average growth rate from '13 to '15, and we'll update you as time passes. But we're not committing to an exact 8% to 10% every single year. And of course, that also includes our dividend payments. So that's -- we're really looking at a compounded annual growth rate in earnings, excluding dividends, of 7% to 9%.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Fishman of MorningStar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just if you could explain some comments you made on DPL switching. The $27 million, was that year-over-year in the quarters due to switching? Or it was -- I didn't understand that $27 million.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: That is in the quarter. Yes, and that's sort of the year-over-year comparison. So that was the -- let's say, looking at had there been no additional switching, what it would have been? So we look at a year ago quarter, then we're saying that it's up $18 million from the reduction that we had from switching a year ago.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if you are recapturing 78%, I believe I heard you say, and as...
Andres Ricardo Gluski: That's correct.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: If memory serves me, you were up on the high 80% level end of 4Q. If those numbers are right, is there an explanation for that? Is the competition tougher? Is -- can you add any color about what's going on?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Well, I can again -- I think that in general, there is more competition today than there was in the past and there's also aggregation. I think Andy can add some color on that.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Yes. Charles, Andy Vessey. You're right, when we think about it, what you're dealing with now is residential customers. And looking at a large commercial, industrial customers initially, we had a higher capture rate because we had a much tighter relationship they were in franchise. We had relationships ongoing. We had a high rate, not significantly high. We're still pretty good. So what you see is 2 things: One, you're seeing different classes of customers now. And now the competition is fully over at residential customers and they're coming either into markets or aggregation or sort of one-off door -- knocking on the door and getting an opt-in customer. The competition is increasing, so that's why the numbers have dropped slightly in the recapture. So our overall capture rate, if you work off the numbers that Andres has given us, is about 87% still affiliated with the DP&L brand, which is critically important because having that brand affiliation will help us with being able to place that generation going forward. So that's why it's very important for us to actually capture customers. I think one of the issues of aggregation, what we've seen here, is that it's going as we expected. There's been a little slowdown in the aggregation rate, meaning that actions haven't happened as quickly as we can, but we still think aggregation will move as we plan and as we expect. So that's -- it's pretty much playing out the way we're seeing it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Brian Chin of Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a question on Slide 13, the AES Gener spot prices in Northern Chile. In prior Ks and Qs, you guys have identified that for 2012, you guys were expecting extra generation units in Chile to come online and that would suppress power prices in Chile. I had kind of assumed that you had baked that into your guidance, but when I see Slide 13 and you've got an extra $0.04 being there, that suggests that the impact from those plants coming online was a little bit bigger than what you guys had expected. Is that right? And is there further continued expected volatility in that, potential downside risk? Or can you give a little bit of extra color there?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. That's not exactly right. What we're talking about was the fuel prices. I'll pass it on to Ned to provide more color, but that's really what's different from expectations.
Edward C. Hall: Brian, it's Ned Hall. The units did come online and they did impact the market as anticipated. As you know, we long-term contract, the majority is somewhere between 70% and 90% of all of our capacity or reliable capacity. As Victoria pointed out, in this year, we have a step-up cover in Angamos from 65% to 90%. So we still have the market exposure. And what's changed in terms of the spot pricing in the northern grid is a number of people who -- or utilize gas signed up for take-or-pay LNG contracts. And they have modified their bidding behavior to reflect the fact that those are take-or-pay contracts, which lowered the overall clearing price in the market as a result of that. Those -- our understanding is most of those take-or-pay contracts expire in the last quarter of this year. We don't anticipate that people will make that decision going forward. So in addition to us stepping up into a higher contracted position to 90% of Angamos, we also think that spot market prices and exposures that we do have out, over time, will improve as well. Then this period, where we're 65% contracted in the spot price, came down, reflecting that bidding behavior. It costs us the $0.04.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So I guess, the right interpretation of that then is if the bidding behavior has adjusted to sort of a different level now in that space due to the remainder of the year, then your guidance would remain on track at about $0.26.
Edward C. Hall: Yes.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then -- I'm sorry to beat a dead horse on this TIPRA thing. But in the event that TIPRA is not extended and you guys are able to put in those mitigating treatment mechanism, is that just a timing issue? Does that just push out the effect of TIPRA into 2013 or 2014 and avoid it having to hit '12? Or is there more of a permanent effect that, that treatment has on long-term?
Victoria D. Harker: No. It's a temporary impact for 2012. If TIPRA is not expended, we would, as Andres said earlier, need to be taking broader actions relative to the - to subsidiary dividends that we get from the countries that generate that tax impact. So it's a temporary measure relative to that. It has a onetime, end-year impact for us. And obviously, if it's not extended, we will continue to look to ways to find to mitigate the $0.02 to $0.03 remaining, but it doesn't -- it's not a permanent solution to the -- a lack of a TIPRA legislative approval by the Congress late this year or in the future.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. The thing is, if it wasn't extended permanently, then we'd have to take some other actions. But obviously, we're not going to ever take a $0.10 to $0.12 hit.
Operator: The last question comes from Tom O'Neil [ph] of Green Arrow.
Unknown Analyst: Just a question on DPL, if I could. I was just wondering if you could decompose the switching by customer class that you saw this quarter. And I just wanted to clarify the absolute value of gross margin that you're talking about associated with that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay. I think I can give you the breakout by customer class. I don't know by the quarter though.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Well, I mean, if you think about customer class, I mean, the fundamentals of the C&I customers have switched. You're not going to see much for that. That's being well saturated. What you're seeing is that what's remaining is that of our small commercial, about 52% have switched to date. And really -- where the action is really around the residential customers. As of the first quarter, only 21% or 22% of those customers have actually switched to alternate supply. So most of the competitive battle now is really for the residential customers and that's driven by just a lot of aggregation. In terms of the second question you asked, I really don't have those numbers in my mind. And so what I would suggest we do is that this is something we could talk about on -- I could get back to you with those after the call.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Ahmed Pasha: Okay. Well, we thank everybody for joining us on this call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer any questions you may have. Thank you, and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Gluski -  Victoria D. Harker - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and President of Global Business Services Andrew Martin Vesey - Chief Operating Officer of Utilities Edward C. Hall - Chief Operating Officer of Generation
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc. Carlos Rodriguez Unknown Analyst Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. Thank you, all, for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you do have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, and you may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Angie, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. We appreciate you being us this morning. Joining me today are Andres Gluski, our President and CEO; Victoria Harker, our Chief Financial Officer; our Chief Operating Officer for Generation, Ned Hall; and Andrew Vesey, our Chief Operating Officer for Utilities; and other senior members of our management. Before we begin our presentation, let me remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks. For a complete discussion of these risks, we encourage you to read our documents on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our presentation is webcast, and the slides are available on our website, which you can get at www.aes.com, under Investor Relations. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Andres Gluski, our Chief Executive Officer. Andres?
Andres Gluski: Thanks, Ahmed. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. As you may have seen in our press release this morning, we reported solid performance in the fourth quarter. For the full year, adjusted earnings per share grew 6%, and we achieved record subsidiary distributions of more than $1.3 billion. Despite a volatile macroeconomic and commodity price environment, we met or exceeded our 2011's guidance of all key earnings and cash flow metrics. We also delivered on our key strategic initiatives, including several large asset sales, closing on a major acquisition and commissioning 2000 megawatts of new generation capacity. Before I delve into the detail of these initiatives, I would like to share my thoughts on 2 key questions that I heard repeatedly during our meetings with investors and analysts during our East and West Coast Roadshows. The first was asking for greater clarity regarding our capital allocation strategy and the second was projected earnings and cash flow growth beyond 2012. As I said on our last call, we intend to maximize shareholder value by flowing our businesses in those markets, where we have – or have a heavy plan to create a competitive advantage, exiting over time, those markets where we do not and focusing on creating value on a per-share basis by competing investment in growth with debt paydowns and share buybacks. Our discretionary cash consists of our distribution from subsidiaries, plus proceeds from asset sales, less corporate overhead, taxes and interest payments.  We will allocate our discretionary cash to 3 primary uses: first, repayment of recourse debt at the parent. I believe that decreasing our leverage will help improve the market's perception of AES' risk profile. In a volatile global financial environment, less perceived risk should improve our valuation. Here, our goal is to achieve at least a one notch upgrade to double-B over the medium term, and we intend to pay down at least $500 million of parent debt.  Second, we will use our discretionary cash to fund growth projects and/or repurchase shares. Our goal is to invest to create the most value on a per-share basis. I want to make it very clear that when it comes to investing in growth projects, these will be benchmarked against debt paydowns and share repurchases. For any investment, we will consider its strategic fit, its adjusted earnings per share and dividend contributions, as well as the net present value created and its capital efficiency, measured as NPV over AES equity investment. In order to ensure the optimal allocation of capital, we have formed an investment committee, which evaluates our pipeline of all possible investment alternatives in light of the criteria I previously mentioned. To align individual incentives with our objective, we revised compensation plan to be based both on project NPV and capital efficiency metrics. We expect that these changes will improve our return on invested capital and create significantly more shareholder value over time. Regarding the development and construction of new assets, our primary focus will be on platform expansion in those markets where we believe we have a compelling competitive advantage. As a reminder, our core markets are Brazil, Chile and United States. In addition, we have growth projects underway in Turkey, the Philippines and India. By focusing on platform expansions rather than entering new countries, we can improve the average returns and hit rates while spending less on business development.  I would like to highlight a few important projects in our development pipeline. In Chile, we are making good progress in developing the Cochrane project, a 552-megawatt coal project, including a 24-megawatt lithium battery, energy storage system adjacent to our new Angamos facility and Alto Maipo, a 531-megawatt hydroelectric project near Santiago. Both are essentially expansions of existing facilities. In Turkey, we announced an agreement to develop a 625-megawatt coal project with our partner Koç, and in addition, Oyak, one of the leading pension funds in the country. Finally, in the Philippines and India, we are well positioned to add up to 1800 megawatts by expanding our Masinloc and OPGC plants.  In certain markets such as Brazil, Chile and India, we have cash on hand and the ability to tap local funding sources, both equity and debt, so we can grow without depending on additional cash from the quarter. With regard to share repurchases, we've been buying back our stock since July 2010, and as we discussed on our third quarter call, we have repurchased a total of 33.9 million shares at an average price of $11.14. However, in the fourth quarter, we used our liquidity to fund our Dayton Power & Light acquisition and as a result, we have not bought back stock since. Therefore, as of today, we still have $122 million remaining under our current authorization for share buybacks. Third, as you know, we intend to initiate an annual dividend of $120 million in the third quarter of 2012 with the first payment expected in the fourth quarter. I realized that we're starting with a relatively low yield of approximately 1.1%. However, as our earnings and current free cash flow grow over time, we expect to increase the dividend to be more in line with the average yield in the market. Now turning to our expected long-term growth rate. As we announced in our press release, we expect to achieve a 21% adjusted EPS growth rate this year. Beyond 2012, starting from our guidance midpoint of $1.26 in earnings, we expect to deliver average annual total returns of 8% to 10% through 2015. This total return to shareholders will consist of 2 components. First, we expect a compounded annual adjusted EPS growth rate of 7% to 9% from 2013 through 2015 from the following: our existing portfolio of assets. This will be driven primarily by demand growth in our faster growing markets and profitability improvements across the portfolio; completion of the 2300 megawatts of new generation under construction. Although this will be a modest contributor to the growth rate as the largest of these projects, Mong Duong in Vietnam, will not come online until 2015; achieving an additional $50 million of cost savings by the end of 2013 as we discussed in our last call; and improved allocation of our discretionary cash through a combination of parent debt repayment, share buybacks and investments. The base case assumes a mix of debt repayment and share repurchases that is target to achieve our credit metric goals. Investments and acquisitions would have to be accretive to the base case scenario.  The second component of our total annual returns is a $120 million annual dividend we will declare starting the third quarter of this year. The dividend represents 1.1% of our total average annual return target of 8% to 10%. I would note that our average annual total return target of 8% to 10% does not assume any expansion of our P/E multiple. Any improvement of our P/E multiple, as a result of an improving risk profile, would represent upside to our total return commitment. Now I would like to provide you with an update on our portfolio and other initiatives, including recent asset sales, integration of Dayton Power & Light and our completed construction projects and construction pipeline. For asset sales, we are executing on our plans to narrow our geographic and line of business focus by exiting nonstrategic markets over time. We believe that we can create more shareholder value by selling nonstrategic assets and redeploying those proceeds in accordance with our capital allocation strategy. As I discussed in the past, we're targeting up to $2 billion of proceeds through AES from asset sales over the next few years. I am pleased to announce that we are more than 1/3 of the way towards achieving that goal. Since September of 2011, we have closed 4 asset sales, representing approximately $530 million in proceeds to AES: Atimus, the Brazil Telecom, 2 Argentine distribution companies and our plants in the Czech Republic and Spain. We have also announced 2 new transactions in the past few weeks: the sale of Red Oak and Ironwood, 2 gas-fired plants in the U.S. for a total net proceeds of $230 million. These transactions demonstrate the potential value creation of asset sales. Collectively, these businesses represent $32 million of net income to AES in 2011. With proceeds of approximately $760 million for all the asset sales closed or announced since September, we achieved a P/E multiple of 23x 2011 earnings. Now let me update you on our Dayton Power & Light acquisition. As you know, the deal closed in November of last year in record time, only 7 months after its announcement. The integration of DP&L is on track, and we are preparing for the Standard Service Offering filing with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio in late March, with a new tariff to be effective in January 2013. We remain pleased with the strategic fit that DP&L will provide, and we look for sourcing opportunities and other platform benefits to be derived over the medium term. DP&L is well positioned to benefit from coming environmental regulations as the majority of its fleet has already been scrubbed. In addition, as we explained in the past, the acquisition will help us monetize our $2.1 billion of net operating losses. Since the acquisition closed in November, however, we have seen margin reduction at DP&L, primarily driven by lower gas prices, as well as increased customer switching. To that end, lower gas prices have negatively affected our 2012 outlook for DP&L's earnings contribution to AES by approximately $0.03. As is the case with other Ohio utilities, DP&L is experiencing higher customer switching rates, primarily due to the impact of weak gas prices on power prices. This also makes customer shopping more attractive.  To give you some perspective, in 2011, 47% of total retail sales had switched to alternate suppliers, up from 32% in 2010. Although DP&L's retail arm was able to capture 87% of the switch load, switching reduced gross margin by $58 million last year. Going forward, we have adjusted our forecast to reflect the current market conditions. Although we do not expect DP&L to be slightly dilutive to earnings this year, excluding one-time noncash transaction charges, we still project $180 million in cash contributions from DP&L in 2012. Now let me allow -- now allow me to provide some color on our construction pipeline. I am pleased to announce that we have commissioned more than 2000 megawatts of new capacity in 2011. Our 3 largest projects were the 545-megawatt Angamos coal project in Chile, including our 20-megawatt lithium ion battery energy storage system and the 223-megawatt Changuinola hydroelectric power plant in Panama, and finally, the 670-megawatt Maritza facility in Bulgaria. In addition, we completed the 120-megawatt Laurel Mountain wind and energy storage project in the United States, and, in addition, we've had 477 megawatts of gas and solar projects during the year. AES is now operating 72 megawatts of lithium ion battery as a grid resource, making us a market leader in this innovative use of technology. In 2012, we will have full-year contribution from all of these projects. New capacity is the primary driver of our 21% earnings growth we are expecting for 2012. Contributing to future growth, we have more than 2300 megawatts of capacity under construction. In 2012, we're expecting to complete 250 megawatts of new wind and solar generation capacity. The 270-megawatt coal fire Campiche project in Chile is ready to come online in 2013 and the 1200-megawatt Mong Duong project in Vietnam is scheduled for completion in late 2015. It is important to note that we have already fully funded the equity for all of these projects under construction.  With that, I will turn the call over to Victoria to discuss our 2011 financial performance and the outlook for 2012.
Victoria D. Harker: Thanks, Andres, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to briefly cover the following topics: 2011 full year results and the comparison to guidance; fourth quarter results, including key operating drivers; earnings per share, cash from operations and free cash flow and parent liquidity; and then finally, our 2012 guidance. As Andres mentioned, we met or exceeded our 2011 guidance targets for all key financial metrics. Our adjusted earnings per share of $1.04 represents a 6% increase over 2010 and exceeds our guidance range. Importantly, AES' 2011 proportional free cash flow of $932 million is also at the high end of our range, allowing us to achieve an all-time high for subsidiary distributions of more than $1.3 billion. Key drivers of this performance are the contributions of several new businesses, which came online in 2011; strong demand and volume growth in Latin America; as well as favorable foreign currency exchange rates. These positive trends offset the expense related to the acquisition of Dayton Power & Light, the impacts of the reserves required for the terror-free sale at Eletropaulo in Brazil, coupled with lower volumes and rates at several of our European businesses.  As a reminder, as we discussed on our third quarter earnings call, we had anticipated that the tariff in Eletropaulo was to be reset in July 2011, impacting the next 4 years. Although the formal tariff notification is still pending, we expect it to be finalized by July 2012, retroactive to July 2011. Given that most of the terms of the tariff have now been determined by the regulator, we've been accruing for the projected impact of these changes since July 2011. As also previously mentioned last quarter, this cost is approximately $104 million per quarter, resulting in an earnings per share impact of $0.015. Now let's discuss results for the fourth quarter in greater detail, starting with the most significant drivers of operating results. There are 3 key operating trends to highlight in our fourth quarter results.  First, we recorded higher volumes at our Generation businesses in Latin America, particularly in Brazil, Colombia and Chile, compared to the same period last year. In particular, at GSA in Brazil, volumes grew 2% due to favorable weather conditions and higher demand at Eletropaulo. Gener, with 4800 megawatts in operation in Chile and Colombia, also recorded higher electricity volumes due to beneficial weather and hydrological conditions, as well as continued energy demand growth supporting mining activities in the north of Chile. Second, in Panama, we benefited from higher energy spot prices due to the demand growth of approximately 5% and system supply constraints elsewhere, as well as business interruption insurance proceeds. Third, our new businesses also added to our strong fourth quarter results. These include the Maritza facility in Bulgaria and the Angamos power plant in Chile, which commenced operations in June and April 2011, respectively. Both of these businesses made first-time contributions to fourth quarter results in 2011, as did DP&L. Turning to our quarterly earnings per share. During the fourth quarter, adjusted earnings per share declined by $0.02 to $0.23. This was the result of the DP&L expenses incurred prior to closing, with an impact of approximately $0.06, which offset the positive operating trends I just outlined. Similarly, compared to a year earlier, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations declined $0.04 to $0.12 for the quarter, driven by positive operating performance in Latin America, but offset by DP&L transaction costs and unrealized foreign currency losses. Now to address cash flow. I'm pleased to report that we achieved our guidance targets on all of our cash flow metrics for the year. This is a very positive indicator of our healthy and growing operations. However, our cash flows from operations and free cash flow metrics declined from 2010 to 2011 on both a consolidated and proportional basis. As you may recall, 2010 cash flows benefited from several one-time items, such as $107 million tax credit in Brazil, collection of outstanding receivables from the Dominican Republic, as well as regulatory asset recoveries in Brazil. In 2011, we did not assume the recurrence of similar one-time benefits, and in fact, in 2011, our cash flows were reduced by some one-time impactors. For example, we had a large one-time tax payment in the fourth quarter of 2011 related to the sale of our Brazil telecoms business. In addition, the losses incurred in Eastern Energy, a business no longer part of the AES portfolio, reduced our 2011 cash flow year-over-year. However, neither of these impacts will be ongoing and instead, both reflect positive actions taken within the portfolio as clearly indicated in the $284 million in pre-tax proceeds coming from the Brazil Telecom sale. Furthermore, our strong operating cash flows are quite apparent in our subsidiary distribution results, as we achieved an all-time high of $1.3 billion in 2011. Now turning to parent liquidity. As you recall, in the second quarter of 2011, we had issued $2 billion of recourse debt at the parent to finance the acquisition of DP&L, which we closed in November. As a result, we finished the year with $693 million in liquidity. During the fourth quarter, we also invested $110 million in construction and development projects, primarily to fund our renewable construction projects. In summary, 2011 was a strong year with the completion of 2000 megawatts of construction projects, the acquisition of DP&L and $15 million in permanent cost reductions achieved. This puts us well on track to achieve $50 million of savings per year in 2012 due to reduced business development costs and support function efficiency efforts. As a result, we are well positioned to deliver a significant earnings growth in 2012. Now I'll spend a few minutes on our guidance for 2012. Since we affirmed our 2012 guidance in November, commodity prices and foreign currency exchange rates have moved. As we typically do each year, we've updated our guidance to reflect changes in the forward curve for both commodities and foreign currencies through the end of the prior reporting period. Using the forward curves as of the end of December and consistent with the sensitivities we provided in November, the impact to our midpoint of adjusted EPS is a net reduction of approximately $0.06. Since that time, the forward curves have rebounded somewhat. We'll continue to monitor this, as well as all other factors impacting our guidance and update you accordingly. Thus, our updated adjusted earnings per share guidance range for 2012 is now $1.22 to $1.30, with the midpoint of $1.26, primarily reflecting these updated forward curves. The midpoint of $1.26 for this year reflects growth of 21% over the $1.04 we achieved in 2011. Significant drivers of this will include: in 2011, we incurred $0.13 of acquisition and financing costs related to DP&L prior to its close. The largest driver of year-over-year growth is the contribution of new businesses, primarily Maritza in Bulgaria, Angamos in Chile and Changuinola in Panama, in total, adding $0.17 to 2012. In addition, from our existing businesses, we expect to benefit from operational improvements and cost reductions of $0.05 mix in 2012. Further, a reduced share count due to our 2011 share buybacks adds $0.02. As an offset to this factor, we have lower rates in 2012, primarily Eletropaulo in Brazil and at Ballylumford in Northern Ireland, which will reduce adjusted EPS by $0.06. We expect the slightly higher tax rate will negatively impact adjusted earnings per share by $0.02. And we are currently projecting unfavorable foreign currency and commodity price movements of $0.07 versus the rates for full-year 2011. Keep in mind that our adjusted EPS guidance assumes the extension of TIPRA, tax legislation which impacts some part of the income and an effective tax rate for 2012, which is in line with our tax rate for 2011. As in prior years, we expect Congress will extend this tax exemption sometime during the year, but it has not been passed as yet. If TIPAR is not extended, the impact to our 2012 adjusted EPS guidance would be approximately $0.12. However, we believe that there may be additional actions we can take to help reduce this drag if necessary. Also note that only the cash and earnings impacts of closed asset sales, including Brazil Telecom, the Bohemia plant in the Czech Republic, the Argentine distribution companies and Cartagena in Spain are incorporated in our 2012 guidance at this point in the year. For example, the impacts of the pending Red Oak and Ironwood sales are not yet included and will not be until they close. We believe the adjusted EPS impacts of these transactions are limited, as a result of the attractive valuations we expect to achieve. However, as we progress further in our asset-sale program, we may experience some near-term dilution in our earnings until we can redeploy the proceeds. As a result of all of these factors, our 2012 adjusted earnings per share guidance midpoint is now $1.26.  Similar to adjusted earnings per share, cash flow trends are projected to be very strong in 2012. Driven primarily by the contributions of our new businesses, we're expecting a range of $1 billion to $1.25 billion proportional free cash flow. Our guidance midpoint for this metric represents an increase of 23% over 2011 results. With respect to subsidiary distributions, we're projecting a range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. Based on the midpoint, we're expecting to achieve an increase of 7% in subsidiary distributions over our record-high levels produced in 2011. Turning now to our 2012 near-term capital allocation plan. Over the course of 2012, we expect to generate approximately $600 million of organic parent free cash flow. This will be used to fund dividends, growth investments, share repurchases and parent debt repayments, based on the return price profile of opportunities available. In addition, we expect to receive $460 million or more of asset-sale proceeds over the course of 2012. Much of this cash is expected to be received in the second half of the year. The cash will be allocated in the total return framework for 2015, as Andres discussed. With that, let me turn the call back over to Andres.
Andres Gluski: Thanks, Victoria. Last fall, we announced our plan to unlock shareholder value and I am pleased with our execution over the past 6 months. In 2011, we achieved or exceeded our guidance for our earnings and cash flow metrics. 2012 should be another good year as we expect to deliver 21% growth in adjusted EPS. Furthermore, we will use the multiple levers at our disposal to deliver on our average annual total return target of 8% to 10% from 2013 through 2015. We'll remain focused on executing on our business strategy and growing per-share cash flow in earnings in a disciplined way. I am very encouraged with the potential for growth that exists in our core markets. In addition, we are committed to strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders through a dividend to be initiated later this year. I look forward to seeing many of you as we continue our investor outreach efforts over the next several months, including a visit to investors in London next month.  Operator, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Julien Dumoulin-Smith, UBS. Why don't you -- great quarter guys. I wanted to ask first, here, with regards to redeployment of cash, you guys talked about potential near-term dilution. What are you seeing out there in terms of organic opportunities. And then maybe on the second -- the other hand, what about timing of debt buyback and potentially, greater share buybacks? At what point should we start this bidding kind of building that into our models and thinking about that -- achieving that EPS growth rate you guys just described?
Andres Gluski: Okay, Julien, in terms of the redeployment of cash, what we have done to date with the money we have received from the asset sales is to repay the revolver at the parent. So currently, we had used the revolver to help with the acquisition of DP&L. And currently, we only have a balance of around $50 million outstanding. In terms of the sort of organic opportunities, that's a very good question. We think that in our key markets and from our platforms, there are opportunities to make relatively small investments to help boost profitability, and we will be looking at these as well. And in terms of the buybacks, that will depend in debt buybacks or other buybacks -- it will be dependent in terms of when these monies come in. So I think the framework is very clear. Of course, any of these transactions have to go through FERC approval, so the timing of this is probably in the later half of the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then maybe addressing the EPS growth rate that you guys just threw out there. I mean, knowing your underlying organic growth projects that you've described, would you imagine that, that EPS growth would be backward, sort of backloaded, if you will, to get to the, call it, $1.50, $1.60 that you're talking about?
Andres Gluski: Again, we're committing to this 8% to 10% and we feel very confident about it. The exact profile of that, we will update over time as we see things progress and that will include, of course, what assets we sell and what other sort of investments we've made, where do we redeploy that cash. Obviously, some uses will be more immediately accretive than others. So we'll get back to you that -- over time as things develop.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then maybe just in terms of the organic projects, you guys have talked a little bit about it on the call. In Chile, how are the permitting and TPA processes going? When should we think about closing those transactions and seeing a financial closure and moving forward?
Andres Gluski: Well, I think they have different timelines. I think the fastest timeline would be the Cochrane project in the North. As you know, there's a very big expansion of a mining sector in Chile. People have talked about numbers of $50 billion of new investments coming into the mining sector. They will need energy and so, we are, right now, talking with various counterparties to see if we get the PPA. This is a -- basically, an Angamos 2 project, if you think about it. And we have the best track record in Chile of delivering plants on time. So we -- we're in a very strong position right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And final question here and then I'll leave you guys. At Masinloc 2, you guys, I believe, in the quarter, got a contract on Masinloc 1 -- just be curious to hear to what extent that's impacted earnings? And then secondly, what is the latest on expanding Masinloc 2? You've kind of alluded to it a little bit.
Andres Gluski: Regarding Masinloc 2, right now, we're quite advance in the permitting stage. The contracts that you were referring is with the big distribution group of Meralco in the Philippines that we're in sort of final process of closing those. So I would say that going forwards, to do a Masinloc 2, there's very strong demand for growth on Luzon, which is, really, this is the Luzon grid that we're talking about, and we think this is one of the projects that can come online fastest to meet that growing demand. But -- so right now, we're advancing with the permitting and we will be looking at contracting some of this event -- some of this capacity.
Operator: Ali Agha.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'm from SunTrust. A couple of questions here. Just first of all, I wanted to just get a little more clarity on the assumptions you laid out for your 2012 guidance? If I have read it correctly, you're assuming no more share buybacks or debt reduction from what's already been done in the '12 guidance, is that right?
Victoria D. Harker: In the baseline, that's not to say we won't use cash for those purposes once it's available and on hand. But in the baseline set of ranges that I spoke to, that is not assumed as an uplift.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes. Also, as I recall, when the DPL acquisition was done, you had assumed, originally, I think it was 6x of accretion in '12. Andres, in your remarks, you mentioned that gas prices and switching has impacted it by negative $0.03, but then I also heard you say that DPL would actually be dilutive in '12. Could you just clarify exactly DPL's contribution in '12 versus the original $0.06 you had assumed?
Andres Gluski: Let me clarify it. The $0.03 that I referenced, that is the sensitivity to lower gas prices. Did it make that clear? I don't know, Victoria, you want to comment on the second part of the question?
Victoria D. Harker: Yes. See, right now, our current projections, which are still being assessed since, obviously, we are just only a month or so into operating DP&L. So the remainder of the $0.05 to $0.07 that we had assumed, the $0.03 down for the commodity prices is -- probably puts us another $0.04 or below in terms of customer churn and rate erosion that we've seen. That said, obviously, the team has just gotten underway in terms of their efforts on the retail side, so we're continuing to assess that. But embedded in the baseline plan, we have it at 0 to slightly dilutive.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I see. Also, Victoria, I guess, for you. You mentioned, of course, TIPRA extension is still built into your guidance and then you alluded to the fact that if TIPRA does not get extended, there were some offsets. Could you elaborate a little more on what those are? And let's just make it clear that if TIPRA doesn't get extended, are we still looking at a $1.26 midpoint for '12?
Victoria D. Harker: The question, pull [ph] on this, as we have talked about in the past, is that, obviously, that part of income comes from the Latin American, the countries Argentine, Brazil and Chile predominantly. So as we look at mitigation strategies, as we go into the latter half of this year, we could choose to make other decisions relative to repatriation of cash and using it for investment locally, which will obviously have some other flow-through impacts from a parent operating cash flow and use of funds standpoint. So my point was to layout what's assumed in the baseline. If we took no further mitigation actions, it would have a $0.12 full-year impact. As we go further into the year, we're obviously accruing, assuming it is going to occur and then we will take those actions as we see fit later on this year.
Andres Gluski: Yes. To answer the question, I mean, we feel very confident that TIPRA will be extended. We lived through this in 2010. So to realize, we will have to accrue it to higher tax rates until it gets actually passed and then we, of course, make the adjustments. But what would this mean for us? Well, basically, it would mean that if you had some major tax changes and you no longer have the subpart and TIPRA exemptions, then you would basically have to, I think, upstream less cash and use more of the cash locally to grow that way. So it's something that we've thought about very well and it's differing structuring opportunities. And we would do so, again, seeing what's going to happen here. But again, we feel quite confident that once again, TIPRA will be extended.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And Andres, just to be clear. If it is not, you're still committed to the $1.26 guidance for '12 -- the midpoint?
Andres Gluski: We would have to come back to you at that time and see what are the changes that are made. And as Victoria said, probably, from sort of the baseline, where we are today would be the $0.12 and then we would have to have mitigations and we would have to see what's the timing of those mitigations for 2012.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my last question, going back to your longer-term guidance that you laid out. Again, just to be clear on the assumptions there. So while in '12, you’ve not assumed in your base case any more debt or share reduction or buybacks over that '12 through '15 period -- or '13 through '15. You have assumed some additional paydowns coming from the debt or share buybacks happening. Also a little bit from that is indeed the case? And then secondly, just on a high-level basis, over that period of '12 through '15, how should we be thinking about the DPL contribution? Is it flat, is it declining, is it going up? Just directionally, how is that playing out?
Andres Gluski: Okay. Let me answer sort of the multiple questions if I remember them all. First, starting from the growth rate, from, again, 2013 through 2015. So this is off the base of 2012, which already has grown 21%. So starting from that base, our assumption is that our -- that we are using 50-50 debt paydown and share repurchases. That's what we've modeled in there with some very sort of modest asset sales. Then the -- so then next question, sorry, which was...
Victoria D. Harker: Debt paydown versus share buyback, it depends on, obviously, the asset-sale proceeds and amounts that we received and the timing, that we've essentially modeled as a convention of 50-50 split between share buyback and debt paydown.
Andres Gluski: Yes. And the second one about DP&L. What we're -- basically, the view is that we will be, again, filing in March. We'll have to see the outcome of that filing. I think if you look at the capacity of price auctions, these have improved for '14 and '15. So we think that probably '12 and '13 would be the 2 most difficult years at DP&L and then we see improvements after that.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And last question, sorry for that. On the dividend, Andres, should we assume -- the payout -- the $120 million that you have laid out is about 20% payout on your midpoint parent [ph] free cash flow for '12? Is that the payout, ultimately, you're comfortable with? Or what is your comfort level on the payout for that dividend?
Andres Gluski: Yes. I would say we're comfortable with at least that at this stage. And I would like to clarify that when I was talking about sort of the market -- more in line with the market, I was talking about the S&P, sort of the 2% range.
Operator: Gregg Orrill.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Barclays Capital. I was wondering if you had looked at what the impact on the sensitivities would be to the 2012 guidance? I know you used end of year -- end of 2011 as a benchmark for your guidance. But it looks like it would be a more positive driver at this point?
Victoria D. Harker: Yes, this is -- Gregg, this is Victoria. I think the -- our view right now is somewhere in the $0.05 to $0.06 range for the combination of the 2. That was as of year end and we'll obviously continue to update that, as we go through the year, with other factors along with commodities, as well as currencies.
Andres Gluski: Yes. We've really chosen sort of the year end, that's what we've always done. And it has been moving back and forth. So we couldn't sort of up -- what is today's. But you're right, they have moved in the other direction since the end of the year.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And in your earnings drivers for 2012, there was also -- Victoria called out $0.02 for the tax rate as well. Was there anything specific there? Or were...
Victoria D. Harker: You're talking about from a year-over-year standpoint?
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, right.
Victoria D. Harker: Yes. We had a change in income mix between the 2 years relative, as well as an evaluation allowance release in Brazil at the end of 2011. So that naturally improved 2011 on a one-time basis.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then when should we look for the DP&L filing, the ESP filing?
Andres Gluski: Maybe, Andy, who's with us here and he's Chief Operating Officer of the Utilities, he should be able to answer.
Andrew Martin Vesey: It should be a short answer. We're targeting that stipulation, March 31. So that's when the final will be made.
Operator: Brian Russo.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Ladenburg Thalmann. Just to be clear on the 7% to 9% earnings CAGR, is that based -- is that supported by yet-to-be-announced asset sales and the corresponding use of that as a sale proceeds to pay down debt or buyback stock?
Andres Gluski: No. No, I mean, basically, you were laying out that target, there's a lot of organic growth there. But if we do asset -- additional asset sales in line with what we have announced, again, there'll be lumpiness as Victoria had noted, between the sale and redeploying that cash in some instances. So I think we've played out in terms of what's the criteria we're going to use about redeploying that cash. We do think that -- what we're looking at now, we think, we'll get a much better sort of capital efficiency in terms of the NPV created for AES equity use and we really want to use those -- our ability, where we have either trapped cash, cash on hand or unused leverage at the local level. All of these ways is really a way of leveraging even more AES returns.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just also -- in terms of -- you've spent -- you've targeted about $2 billion of asset sales, and I think you've achieved roughly 1/2 of that. Can you talk about non-core markets or particular assets to help get you to that $2 billion target?
Andres Gluski: Sure. I mean, we've been quite careful about we announce. Obviously, our primary focus is to sell well and to optimize our operations until the sale. What we -- what is out there is we're selling all of our China assets and I think that's out there as well. And what we consider non-core, I mean, or, let's say, nonstrategic, I think the real key is, do we have a compelling competitive advantage or can we get one? Because we may be in some new markets, we just started. Now, where we think we'll get to have to be really -- the size and the scale and the diversity to have an advantage in that market. But when we see that we can't have that, we will sell. So take the 2 gas plants that we sold in the U.S., those are plants that were contracted for a long time and we really felt that we could better redeploy that cash and increase our shareholders' reserves. So that's sort of the view. I mean, if you look at the sale of the telecoms in Brazil, we really thought that the market had peaked. If we wanted to stay in that market, it would require very significant investments. That's not one of our -- telecoms is not a core market for us. So we will sell out. The long-term view is to simplify our portfolio and that also feeds into our cost reduction targets here in terms of corporate overhead and cost of goods sold. But we have to do it in a prudent manner. We really don't want to go and have a fire sale of markets – some markets have been quite depressed. But we've been, I think, very effective at executing well on sales like in Cartagena in Spain.
Operator: Maura Shaughnessy.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: Maura Shaughnessy, MFS. A couple of questions. First, can you just characterize -- I know the initial start to Maritza was a little bumpy. And how is that operation is doing now? And you had mentioned some issues in your Panama facility last year and what the status of that asset is as well?
Andres Gluski: Okay. I think both are doing well. So let's start up with Maritza. With me is Ned Hall, our COO role for the Generation Groups and give a little update on what's happening in Maritza.
Edward C. Hall: Maura, on October 7, we passed 600-megawatts test and then on December 30 of 2011, we achieved 690 megawatts of gross output. So we're fully commercial dispatching into the market. We have had a couple of outages to continue to improve the operations but it's operating under its PPA updated.
Andres Gluski: It's going well. I mean, there was even a coal miners strike in the midst of the winter in Bulgaria. We produced fully through out it. I think our Maritza operations are going well and we're getting paid. And now we're getting Panama, I'd like Andy to sort of give you update on some of, let's say, the repairs at Estí and just the general Panamanian markets.
Andrew Martin Vesey: Maura, this is Andy Vesey, excuse me. With Estí, just, and just to remind you on the call, this was the -- it's 120-megawatt running river plant in Panama. We suffered a tunnel collapse, the intake tunnels, repairs are underway. We're basically on target to return that to service in the early quarter second half of this year. So that continues to go well. We have some exposures there because we have PPAs that are recovering as Hydro plant and spot pricing was relatively high during the outage. But through business interruption insurance and negotiations, with the supportive Panamanian government, we’ve managed to eliminate most of that exposure. So it's been relatively smooth to date. There's actually been some issues in Panama regarding indigenous protests, which has to do with certain legislation that President Martinelli has been moving forward, but it hasn't impacted our operations so as, again, we continue to believe we'll have that plant back in commercial operations by early second quarter of 2012.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: Great. Any update on the infamous Braziliana estate sale?
Andres Gluski: No. Not really. I think we're -- again, what I would report is that our relationship with BNDES is very good, and that we're really working hand-in-glove together and I think nothing succeeds like success. So I think that they have seen their investment and Braziliana is probably one of their best and they have received a lot of cash back through the sale of Atimus. So I think that's -- nothing new to report. But I would say that we feel very much -- that we have a good working relation with BNDES in terms of working together to create more value there.
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: Great. And last question. Can you tell us a little bit more about this capital investment program? And you talked about changing compensation on project NPV and capital efficiency measures trying to drive better returns on invested capital? Can -- is there a return invested capital goal? Or what are you trying to do here? And how does it actually work?
Andres Gluski: Great question. What we've basically done -- I think, traditionally, we've been compensated on the basis of NPV created on new projects. And what we are changing is to not only have the NPV created, but what is the capital efficiency. So it's not the same to produce $100 million of NPV if it's going to require $300 million of corp equity in, as it's 0, right? So basically, the idea is to try to favor and get people more motivated to see ways that we can create NPV without requiring AES equity. And we think that's the way we're really going to improve our return on invested capital. Our return of invested capital in the last -- in the short term, we've had a number of impairments, and the like, in 8% to 9% range. I think we can do substantially better over time. This is not something -- this is -- we have a lot of assets, it's going to take a while to move it. But we think with this new focus -- what does that mean? That means, for example, if you have $1 billion of leverage capacity at Chiate [ph] that is a key way of improving returns to AES. It doesn't require any money. If you have, essentially, cash in India with our partner or the state of Orissa, which is not being utilized in OPGC, you've got to utilize it there. So you're absolutely right. We really haven't had a sort of -- say, what was going to go from, say, 9% to 12%, but we will be looking at this and seeing how fast we can change that. And just wanted to sort of complement. One area where we haven't -- we're looking at is, for example, what can we do with our renewables portfolio in the sense that we have about $1,250,000,000 invested, are there ways that we can unleash some of that value there, too?
Maura A. Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management, Inc.: And what does that mean?
Andres Gluski: What does that mean? Well, that means that that's one the focuses we have in terms of seeing how we can structure things differently to have better earnings from that invested portfolio right now.
Operator: Carlos Rodriguez.
Carlos Rodriguez: Hartford Investment Management. Victoria, I wanted to understand how to reconcile the guidance for 2012 subsidiary distributions? It looks like it was noted in the press release as $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion and then in the presentation, it looks like it's substantially higher than that. How do I reconcile those 2?
Victoria D. Harker: In the -- I'm sorry, which presentation?
Carlos Rodriguez: 2012 guidance metrics on Page 17, subsidiary distributions, looks like $1.325 billion to $1.525 billion versus the press release -- looks like -- Oh, I'm sorry, that was the full year 2011 guidance. Apologize for that. Another question for you. The run rate expenses at the parent level, what are those running at right now?
Andres Gluski: It's about $300 million to $350 million.
Victoria D. Harker: And we have taken the metrics that you're looking at, assume that we will continue along the path of the $100 million reduction program, which is $100 million by the exit of 2013. So the $50 million that I had referred to, we will be generating over the span of 2012, and then another $50 million will be coming online after that.
Andres Gluski: And, Carlos, what I think is important is that we're really looking at just reducing expenditures in terms of the classification, some of it might cost of goods sold, et cetera. So what we're counting on is we are targeting $50 million for this year, and by the end of next year, we're having another $50 million. So if you thought of sort of the base of 2011, actually, you'll have a run rate of about $100 million.
Carlos Rodriguez: Okay. So $100 million run rate including the expense reductions at the parent level?
Andres Gluski: Yes.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And lastly, Andres, you talked about the core markets being Brazil, Chile and the U.S. with, I assume, the latter with the utilities focus in the U.S. Some of these growth markets that you've embarked on, perhaps under your previous leadership in the Philippines and India, how should we think about those in terms of the strategic nature of those? Are those sort of opportunistic growth projects? Or do you view those as core markets like you do Chile and Brazil and the U.S.?
Andres Gluski: Well, again, I think that the key -- when we say core, those are our largest markets, that's what our primary focus will be. If you look at the value of those -- basically, Gener, which includes Colombia as well, Brazil and the U.S., about 70% of the value of AES, so that's where our focus is going to be on. So you're right, I mean, we do have projects underway in places like Turkey and we have to see how this flow, let's say, develops. Do we really develop a compelling competitive advantage? In the case of the Philippines, we're very well positioned. We have been very successful in that market and we expect that we can add on to there and we have some of these other opportunities like in India. But you're right in the sense that our focus is going to on expanding platforms. We will execute on these other -- these upper growth markets that we have. We don't plan to enter any new markets that haven't been announced to date.
Operator: Raymond Leung.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, Goldman Sachs. A couple of questions. One, with respect to your comment on reaching a possible one notch upgrade target, can you sort of talk a little bit about what you're financial leverage targets are at the parent? Can you sort of give us an update what you guys are thinking there? And then also, can you talk about -- you've mentioned about $500 million of potential debt maturities. I know that is predicated on some asset sales, but can you talk about how you would go about that? It doesn't look like you have any significant maturities until 2014.
Victoria D. Harker: Yes. And we were -- just to be clear, I wasn't referring to maturities. We were talking about the expected use of cash, whether it be organic cash in the businesses or asset sale proceeds, depending on the timing of when those occur using $500 million for debt paydowns in the relative near-term, so over the span of 2012 and then into '13. So the sign of maturity driven is the use cash, where we think that, that would be an improvement to our credit metrics, obviously, reducing interest costs as well. In terms of the ratios that we look at in terms of coverage, we have historically been in sort of the 3.5x to 4.5x, but we've got slightly higher than that in terms of DP&L acquisition when we raised about $2 billion. And so far, the intent is to debt paydown to get back to roughly that same 3.5x to 4.5x debt-to-cash ratio.
Andres Gluski: I think, Raymond, as is also seen, our paper tends to trade better than our credit rating. And the other -- over time, as we do these portfolio, let's say, sales of certain assets and growth and others, I also think that our -- the quality of our cash flow continues to improve.
Raymond M. Leung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as you think about credit ratings, is the double-Bs' sort of that optimal rating for you guys, then?
Andres Gluski: This is what we're saying over the medium term, yes. Today, we're talking about double-B. And I think, again, we expect to be trading better than that, but we also think it's -- the general perception of risk of AES. Okay, with that, I want to thank everybody for being on the call, and the questions and I would like to turn it over to Ahmed.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you all for joining us in today's call. Please call us for any follow-up questions from this call, and we look forward to speaking to you. With that, I will ask Angie to close the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect from the audio portion.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Martin Vesey - Chief Operating Officer of Utilities Joel Abramson - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Ricardo Gluski - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Finance & Investment Committee Victoria D. Harker - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now let me turn the meeting over to Mr. Joel Abramson. You may begin.
Joel Abramson: Thank you, Heather, and welcome to the AES Corporation's Third Quarter Earnings Call. We appreciate your being with us this morning. Joining me today are Andres Gluski, our President and CEO; Victoria Harker, our Chief Financial Officer; Ned Hall, our Chief Operating Officer for Generation; Andrew Vesey, our Chief Operating Officer for Utilities; and other senior members of our management. Before we begin our presentation, let me remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of these risks, we encourage you to read our documents on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our presentation is being webcast and the slides are available on our website, which you can access at aes.com under Investor Relations. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Andres Gluski, our CEO. Andres?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for calling in this morning. Welcome to my first earnings call as CEO. Today, in addition to reporting a strong third quarter, we have a number of important announcements. First is our continued progress on portfolio management; second is the acceleration of our previously announced cost savings program; and third is our intent to initiate a dividend in the third quarter of next year, with the first payment expected in the fourth quarter of 2012. We're on track to meet our 2011 guidance, and we believe that the steps that we are taking, such as accelerating cost savings, completing more than 1,500 megawatts of construction and closing the acquisition of DP&L, support strong earnings growth in 2012. Building on the themes from our May Investor Day, we're working to become a geographically focused and cost-efficient company with an improving credit profile. By paying a consistent quarterly dividend and growing our established business platforms, we believe we will be positioned to deliver compelling total shareholder returns.  Starting with the first announcement. Our portfolio management plan aims to improve overall returns by selling non-core assets and focusing our investments in fewer markets, where we have a competitive advantage. As a reminder, our 3 core markets are the United States, Brazil and Chile. We also have important investment pipelines and projects under construction in Turkey, Poland, United Kingdom and Vietnam. There are markets, however, such as Spain and China, where we do not believe we can achieve the necessary scale or any competitive advantage that would support realizing the level of returns that we expect from our businesses. We plan to decrease our presence in such markets in a prudent yet consistent manner. With regard to recent portfolio management activities, we have achieved 2 important milestones. The first was to sign an agreement with GDF Suez for a combined cycle plant in Cartagena, Spain. Under the agreement, GDF Suez, who's also the plant's off-taker and gas supplier, will buy 80% of our interest in the plant for EUR 172 million, with an option to buy the remainder for an additional EUR 28 million in 2013. Secondly, Brasiliana, our joint venture with BNDES, the Brazilian National Development Bank, received payment of $901 million this week for our telecom businesses in São Paulo and Rio. Of the net proceeds of $618 million, Brasiliana plans to use $480 million to retire very expensive debt carrying an interest rate of 14.2% in reais. Besides improving earnings, this will further strengthen cash flows to AES by eliminating a large debt at our holding company. In both of these cases, we took advantage of attractive opportunities to simplify our portfolio by getting out of or materially reducing our presence in non-core markets and businesses. Though far less material to our results but in line with our portfolio management objectives, we also sold a small operations in the Czech Republic and have exited this market.  During our Investor Day presentation in May of this year, the company set out a goal of reducing annual overhead costs by $100 million by the end of 2014. We initially set a target of achieving annualized savings of $10 million to $20 million for 2012. We have since decided to accelerate this program and have already taken steps that will increase our savings for the next year to a range of $40 million to $50 million. We expect to reach the target of $100 million in annual savings by the end of 2013, a year earlier than our initial 2014 target. Our cost savings for 2012 are mainly comprised of personnel reductions and third-party expenses related to business development in non-core markets, as well as reductions in our corporate support functions, flowing from our recently announced management structure. The new structure has 2 chief operating officers. Andy Vesey will run the utilities group and Ned Hall will head our generation group. Victoria Harker will assume additional responsibilities by leading risk and Global Business Services, comprised of information technology and non-fuel sourcing. These changes will help us reduce cost by eliminating reporting layers and making better use of our global synergies and know how. At the same time, we will maintain our disciplined capital allocation process and level of financial controls. All of these actions are being made in line with our strategy of focusing on our core and key growing markets, where we have or will have a sustainable competitive advantage. These reductions in business development expenses will not affect our ability to grow, either in the short term or long term, as we have plenty of remaining development projects and acquisition opportunities in our pipeline. Regarding our third announcement. We intend to initiate a dividend in the third quarter of 2012 of $120 million annually, payable in equal quarterly installments, with the first payment expected in the fourth quarter of 2012. At today's share price, this represents a dividend of about 1.3% of our market cap. This timing will allow us to start realizing the benefit of the acquisition of DP&L and the commercial operations of new projects coming online this year. At the same time, we wanted to provide investors with as much transparency as possible regarding our future plans, and that is why we're announcing it today. Of course, we will consider increasing the dividend over time, subject to our operational performance, credit profile and external market factors. A dividend will represent an important commitment to return cash to shareholders on a timely basis, as well as a demonstration of our confidence in future cash flows. Speaking of returning money to our shareholders, during the third quarter, we took advantage of market volatility by repurchasing $126 million worth of shares. We repurchased an additional $54 million in October, bringing our total repurchases since July of 2010 to $378 million.  Before turning the call over to Victoria, I would like to give you a brief update on our construction program and the acquisition of DP&L. During the third quarter, Maritza, our 670-megawatt lignite-fired plant in Bulgaria, passed its 72-hour full capacity operational test, meaning that as anticipated, it will produce earnings of approximately $0.11 next year. Our 223-megawatt Changuinola hydro plant in Panama and our 518-megawatt coal-fired plant Angamos in Chile have also achieved full commissioning. With these 3 additional plants, and our 98-megawatt Laurel Mountain wind project in Virginia, we've completed more than 1,500 megawatts of new construction slated for this year. The acquisition of DP&L is proceeding smoothly. DP&L recently obtained approval from their shareholders. And with all funding in place, we're only waiting for approval from the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio and FERC. As you know, DP&L will be a major earnings and cash contributor in 2012 and will allow us to accelerate the use of substantial tax attributes available at AES. Planned activities are on track to fully integrate DP&L into the AES family of companies by early next year. Now Victoria will walk you through our third quarter and year-to-date results, as well as expectations for full year 2011 and guidance for 2012.
Victoria D. Harker: Thanks, Andres, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with an update on the performance of key operating drivers that impacted our earnings and cash flow results for the quarter, then I'll walk through our other key financial metrics, as well as parent liquidity.  First, our operating drivers. Volume trends in Latin America this quarter continued to show growth year-on-year. Our Brazilian utilities grew by 4%, driven by increased demand. Similarly, our Latin American generation business has also benefited from higher volume. Chile experienced a demand growth, an essential growth of over 3%. Argentina had volume growth of 7% due to better availability of plants there.  Earnings for the period also increased in part due to our new businesses, such as Maritza in Bulgaria, where increased capacity was brought online during the quarter, increasing its contribution both versus the prior year and also the second quarter of 2011. In addition, Ballylumford, our Northern Ireland business acquired in August of 2010, contributed positive year-over-year earnings.  These positive trends were partially offset by lower prices at a few of our businesses. At one of our Brazilian utilities, Eletropaulo, the regulated tariff is reviewed and reset every 4 years, but the July 2011 reset has not yet been finalized. As a result, for the third quarter, Eletropaulo continues to invoice customers under the existing tariff rate, as required by the regulator. However, it is expected that the new tariff, once finalized, will be lower than the existing tariff. Therefore, we also recognized the regulatory liability against a portion of these collected amounts from July 2011 forward. Likewise, we anticipate a reduction in revenue in 2012 and going forward once the tariff is enacted.  As was true in the second quarter, the outage at Estí, our hydroelectric plant jointly owned with the government in Panama, continued to create a drag on our results for the third quarter versus the same quarter of 2010. The plant remains offline as repair work continues. During that time, it is meeting its contractual obligations through spot market energy purchases. While we did receive business interruption insurance proceeds of $30 million in the third quarter, the net impact is still negative for this quarter. As a reminder, the plant is expected to be back online during the second half of 2012.  Foreign exchange tailwinds experienced earlier in 2011 diminished in the third quarter, and foreign exchange had a minimal impact on our earnings for the period. However, FX tends to be very volatile as a result of global economic trends.  Third quarter consolidated gross margin was just over $1 billion, which is an increase of $53 million or 5% compared to the same quarter of 2010. On a proportional basis, we earned $563 million of gross margin, which was a decline of $25 million versus 2010, primarily due to the impact of the Panama outage. This quarter, we also booked several impairments to operating assets, as well as directly [indiscernible] investments that I'd like to walk you through. In total, these impairments represented $0.27 per share loss on a GAAP earnings basis. Approximately $0.10 of this was due to the impairment of 39 wind turbines held in storage and the forfeiture of nonrefundable deposits made in prior years for the purchase of other wind turbines. An additional $0.12 of impairments was related to our investment in generation businesses in China. As we previously discussed, our business in China has experienced increased pressure on its operating margins due to higher coal prices, which we have not had the ability to pass through in tariffs there. Finally, we impaired our Climate Solutions businesses due to a continued decline in the market prices for carbon offset. Please remember that these noncash expenses impact GAAP EPS from continuing operations, but they're excluded from our adjusted EPS results. In the third quarter, adjusted EPS was $0.27, including $0.04 of costs related to the pending DP&L acquisition. Excluding these costs, our adjusted EPS would have been $0.31 or an increase of $0.11 over the third quarter of 2010. While proportional gross margin is down for the third quarter, adjusted EPS benefited from a favorable interim effective tax rate, a tax settlement in the Dominican Republic, as well as lower expenses.  Diluted EPS from continuing operations was a loss of $0.15, a decrease of $0.20 compared to the third quarter of 2010. This year-over-year change was driven by unrealized foreign exchange transaction impact, which swung from a $0.13 gain in the third quarter of 2010 to a loss of $0.10 in the third quarter of 2011. These noncash losses are primarily due to a decrease in the valuation of foreign denominated receivables and cash balances as a result of the weakening of the Euro, British pound and Chilean peso during the quarter.  Now let's discuss cash flow. Our cash flow results reflect many of the same trends that impacted earnings. On a consolidated basis, operating cash flow grew as a result of favorable working capital at our business in Chile and the contribution of new businesses in Bulgaria and Northern Ireland, which was offset by declines in Eletropaulo, El Salvador and the Philippines, driven by higher regulatory charges and lower operating income, respectively.  As a result, our operating cash flow of $1.1 billion was $127 million higher year-over-year on a consolidated basis and higher by $102 million on a proportional basis, driven by new businesses in Europe and improved working capital in Chile. Consolidated free cash flow increased by $55 million to $886 million for the quarter. This increase was driven by higher operating cash flow as just discussed, partially offset by higher maintenance CapEx primarily in our Northern America utilities. This was primarily due to environmental projects there, as well as the Estí tunnel outage in Panama, as well as the stronger real in Brazil. On a proportional basis, our free cash flow increased $55 million to $456 million.  Now turning to parent liquidity. During the third quarter, parent liquidity benefited from $344 million of subsidiary distributions net of corporate overhead and interest expense during the quarter. Also during the quarter, we repurchased $126 million of AES shares as a result of market price opportunities. Additionally, we funded $414 million during the quarter. These investments consisted of prepayment of interest costs associated with the DP&L acquisition debt, as well as several construction and development projects, such as Mong Duong in Vietnam, Laurel Mountain in the U.S. and our AES Solar business. Our parent liquidity at quarter end is now $2.9 billion, down $200 million versus the second quarter of 2011. In some, the quarter was in line with our expectations.  As you know, full year adjusted EPS guidance is $1.08 to $1.14, excluding the DP&L acquisition costs estimated at $0.13. As we look ahead to the conclusion of 2011, we have several transactions underway, which could impact our final results compared to our guidance previously given, the most material of which I'd like to highlight here. We previously disclosed that we're pursuing a sale of our interest in Eastern Energy. As you recall, in March 2011, we placed Eastern Energy into discontinued operations based on our active sale process this year. Given where we are in the year, and while efforts to sell Eastern Energy continue, there can be no assurance that we will be able to sell our interest there. It is possible that Eastern Energy may no longer be classified as continued operations by year end and as a result, we may be required to include Eastern Energy's loss of $0.07 per share in the company's results of operations in 2011. As previously referenced, we also have several other transactions ongoing which could also and positively impact earnings. For example, we anticipate the closing of the sale of Cartagena, our business in Spain, by year end. Under the terms of the sale agreement, there are ender and regulator consents required. However, if this sale closes before year end, the transaction will provide adjusted earnings of up to $0.05 as a result of the settlement of dispute amounts due to Cartagena. We will update investors as we get a better sense of outcomes and the timing related to these and any other material transactions to the extent that they impact our results should they occur prior to our year-end call in February 2012. With regard to 2012 guidance, adjusted EPS and cash flow metrics remain on track within the ranges previously disclosed. This is the result of new plants coming online, the contributions from the planned acquisition of DP&L and projected operating performance at our existing businesses. In addition, market and other headwinds, such as the tariff reset in Brazil, are mitigated by the additional cost cuts that we have announced. As is our practice, we will update you on our first quarter 2012 earnings call. With that, let me turn it back over to Andres.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Thank you, Victoria. Before we take any questions, I would like to make a couple of brief closing remarks. Today, we announced our intent to initiate a dividend in the third quarter of next year. However, I would like to highlight that this is but one component of a broader vision for AES' future. We aim to improve our credit profile and earnings by focusing our new investments in core and key growing markets while prudently exiting non-core markets and businesses. We see a leaner, more efficient AES that takes full advantage of its business platforms to create shareholder value to earnings growth and a consistent dividend. As part of our new organizational structure, Joel Abramson will move to become Chief Financial Officer of Generation. And I am pleased to announce that Ahmed Pasha will return to lead our Investor Relations effort.  As we move forward on our goal of creating value for shareholders, we believe it will be more important than ever to effectively communicate our strategy and progress. To that end, Victoria, Andy, Ned and I will be visiting investors in New York and Boston on the 17th and 18th of this month, as well as in London and the West Coast some time before the end of March of next year. I look forward to seeing many of you soon.  With that, let me turn it over to the operator so we can open up the call to questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gregg Orrill.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of questions. I was hoping to touch on some of the earnings drivers for 2012. I think one of the things that was mentioned was Maritza would contribute $0.11, and I wasn't sure if that was incremental or that was including 2011.
Victoria D. Harker: That's in the guidance for 2012.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So that's incremental?
Victoria D. Harker: No, it's included in the 2012 guidance previously given.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. But I think what Gregg is saying is it's $0.11 for the whole year, and if you look at what Maritza was contributing for this year, it's substantially less. It's going to be probably about $0.01 or $0.02. Did that answer your question?
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It will be $0.01 or $0.02 this year.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: This year. So we're jumping -- it's coming up to about $0.11 next year. This year, what happened is it wasn't, it ran at not the full commissioning amount, and so now that it's fully commissioned, then it's going to start receiving the full payments.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And can you update us on the accretion from DPL in 2012?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: No. We have nothing new to say about DP&L at this time.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then the benefits from some of the other growth projects? So maybe a sense overall for how much those projects might add in 2012?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Sure. I mean, I think the big ones, it's a combination of many things. I mean, at the one hand, we're talking about having a run rate reduction on cost savings side of around $0.04 to $0.05. And then the big ones, of course, being Maritza is $0.11. Then you have Angamos in Chile, which is 518 megawatts. Fully contract, that's around $0.05 as well. And then you have Changuinola coming on in Panama, which is around $0.02. And also, we have the, let's say, completion of the repairs of Estí, which was out for most of 2011. So those are sort of the big moving pieces there.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then you mentioned that you were reserving -- I'm not sure if that's the right term -- or setting aside an impact already in the third quarter for the Eletropaulo rate case outcome? Are you willing to share what that is?
Victoria D. Harker: Gregg, this is Victoria. What we've done is to the extent that we can from a U.S. GAAP standpoint, which means we've had to back out certain of the regulatory assets we have reserved against the delta, we believe will be the lower amount for the tariff once it's finalized. It's about 70% of that delta we expect will end up having to true up once it's finalized probably in early 2012, but we're still waiting to hear what that final amount is.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe lastly, if you could touch on just sort of a thought process around the dividend and sort of the uncertainties in terms of what you see them to be in the cash flows and where do you see that growing in the future.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Sure. Well, as I said on the call, first, the timing. In the timing, we want to announce it now to give transparency in terms of what are our plans for the year. But we want to first complete the acquisition of DP&L. We also want to have some time of running the new projects, which we've mentioned, to have them online, to have those consistent cash flows. And we think then would be the right time, starting at the end of the third quarter, to start paying a dividend. So that's the first, let's say, thought process about why announce it today and why the third quarter, why not for example the second quarter. So we have a number of important projects that we want to complete, and we'll be acting very prudent in this respect. In terms of whether it will grow over time, as we mentioned, we will look at our operating results. We will look at our credit profile, and we will look on what's going on in the external market, which includes many factors. So that's our approach at this point, and we think it's an important first step for AES.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And I'm sorry, one last one. You touched on the potential sale or not of the New York assets. And to the extent that that's not successful, there would be a $0.07 impact. I wasn't clear -- sort of whether that -- first, whether that was impacting adjusted earnings. And second, kind of what is the fallback plan if you can't sell it. Is it shut it down? Or what's the fallback strategy?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: I think the reason we mentioned it on this call is really the passage of time. We’ve been talking for a long time about Eastern Energy. We continue to think that we will complete or fail. We really have until the first quarter of next year, but we didn't want to -- we just wanted to highlight that if it didn't, this could be the impact from it. And of course, we're looking at other alternatives, as we always have. But we believe that we will close that within the time period that we've given. But we just wanted to say, if it didn't, this would be the effect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Russo.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just to focus a little bit more on the dividend. Can you just maybe provide some insight as to what kind of assumptions support the $120 million a year dividend payment? Should we kind of view it as being supported by the regulated utility cash flows? Or are you viewing it from a consolidated cash flow perspective? And then any thoughts on where the payout ratio could trend over time?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay. I think in terms of -- if you look at the amount, I think an important element that we're considering is subsidiary distributions. So if you look at the growth of our subsidiary distributions, they have grown from about $1 billion, have been for many years to this year being about $1.25 billion. And we're projecting the midpoint about $1.5 billion next year. But I think that sort of puts it in context $120 million in terms of our total subsidiary distributions. We do have certain, say, restrictions under our debt covenants in terms of how much cash we can use for things like dividends or share buybacks. And this is normally in the range of around $400 million to $500 million. So that’s, I would say, one of the constraints that we have there. But in general, I think this is an amount that we feel comfortable if you compare it to the subsidiary distributions from our big core companies, whether it be a Gener, whether it be a DP&L, whether it be an IPL, it's, we think, the right amount. And we also have to take into consideration with what is offshore, onshore in terms of other tax considerations. So all in all, this is a, we think, sustainable dividend. It's a good place to start, and I think that the timing’s right.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Can we kind of also assume that your commitment to share repurchases would continue even with the initiation of a dividend payment?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: What I said -- as you will have noted from what we've said, we had a more aggressive, let's say, share repurchase program in the last couple of months. What I'd say in terms of going forward that we will look at the market volatility and really, no change in our policy there. But I do think that, again, a dividend represents a strong commitment and it's one that we have to, of course, maintain for the long run and, if anything, grow over time as the operations and our cash flows permit.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just on the portfolio management initiatives. Is it safe to say that the Wind business and the solar JV are also considered non-core? And maybe could you just share your thoughts on that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. Well, generally, what we've been talking about sort of core and non-core, it's been principally on a geographic basis. However, because the way I think we think of wind today, really, is as one more component of how we deliver energy to our clients and to networks. And so we think that's important. If you're in a country where you have renewable portfolio standards and the most efficient way of meeting that is by wind, we want to have that in our arsenal to meet those requirements. Solar is different in the sense that it really is a JV that we have with Riverstone. And it operates today quite independently, a sort of AES' portfolio strategy. So I wouldn't say that -- the way to think about it is geographically and this is one component of our capability. And that doesn't mean that if in some geography we don't think it's strategic or we get a very good price and it would make sense to, say, turn that money into more highly productive investment, we will. But I wouldn't start thinking about wind as a stand-alone, to be spun off. That's not where we're at today.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, when we look at like -- I guess, Slide 23 and 24 in your pipeline of construction projects, is everything currently under construction fully financed so there's no -- we shouldn't see any incremental debt raised for that? And then some of the longer-term projects, that's where additional debt will be needed, like the Vietnam plant and some of the other longer-term projects.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes, that's exactly right, Brian. That's exactly right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Andres, I wanted to flush out a couple of issues a little more, some of which have been clearly touched upon earlier. To be clear on what you said earlier, given the restrictions, bank restrictions, covenant restrictions, et cetera, if I heard you right, what you're saying is the combination of share buybacks and dividends right now, you would be limited to about $500 million a year. Am I hitting that right?
Victoria D. Harker: About $400 million to $430 million. And it has grown over time as our parent operating cash flow grows as well. So it's not -- like the cap that would move as our improved and base operations continue to generate more cash distributions to the parent.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that's about $400 million to $430 million the combination of buybacks and dividend payouts?
Victoria D. Harker: Yes.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so I guess, I mean, you've got -- your original authorization was about $500 million on the buyback and you told us you got about $378 million. So should we assume that the current program will get competed on the buyback? Or are you going to just be opportunistic and then hold back on that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: I would say that, basically, we're not making a commitment to use the full $500 million of the authorization. On the other hand, if in the future we needed more authorization, that would not be a limit either.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then, secondly, in the 2012 guidance, what's the effective tax rate you assumed for next year?
Victoria D. Harker: We've assumed the same year-over-year. And so we would assume, for example, that TIPRA would be extended or the benefits that we saw this year. Obviously, that remains pending any legislative changes. We haven't yet updated for anything subsequent in terms of geographic shifts from portfolio changes. For example, we'll have to continue to look at that. And the rate is low 30s, 31%.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I recall correctly, Victoria, if the projects don’t get extended and the tax rate goes up, the impact is about $0.05 to $0.06 annually -- on an annual basis. Does that sound about right?
Victoria D. Harker: I think it was a bit higher. It was about 35% or so. So it was $0.10, $0.11.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then I'm just looking at your portfolio today and the projects you have in the pipeline, the cost reduction program, et cetera. Of this '11 base -- or maybe that '12 base since that '11 had the DPL cost in there. So let's take '12. What do you believe is the sustainable growth rate, EPS growth rate, that AES can deliver for shareholders?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes. Let me -- if you look at our guidance for 2012, we have a significant step-up in our earnings. And we will have Investor Day later on in 2012, and I would sort of update the guidance that we've given in the past. But I think what's important is that with our sort of more focused strategy, we expect to have sort of higher hit rates in terms of development projects. We also think it will be more cost efficient because there'll be more platform expansions than in the past. But at this stage, what I'd say is we're confirming 2012 and we'll get back in terms of updating you some time in 2012.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So back at the Investor Day, I recall you folks had said of the ‘12 base, you still felt that a 10% annual growth over the next 3 to 4 years beyond that was sustainable. You are no longer confirming that?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: No. I'm not confirming or in the sense of denying this. What I'm saying is that given that we will have different projects into the future pipeline, and you know that these can be lumpy as well. We'll have to see exactly over what sort of time period. And in addition, one of the things that I have highlighted is asset sales. And so asset sales, it will depend on how quickly we redeploy that cash and how do we redeploy that cash. So that's why I'm hesitating a little bit here and saying, "You know, let us come to you and we'll see a little bit on how we progress on some of these key asset sales."
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my last question. When you talked about wind and solar and your thoughts there, one of the frustrations for the investment community has been the fact that over $1 billion has been invested in your renewable portfolio to date. And yet, at least on the earnings front, the impact has been very immaterial and arguably one of the reasons holding back your stock valuation. Have you thought along those lines and from a valuation enhancements perspective perhaps revisited what the plan is for the renewable investments?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Well, I think we looked very hard in terms of our renewable portfolio and specifically speaking, wind. There were a number of issues there. First, you had the tax equity, which essentially depresses earnings in the initial years and then you really do get a tremendous hockey stick in the outer years as that gets repaid. You had also the hypothetical liquidated book value, HLBV, issues, which also pushed down earnings at the beginning of the year. So it was somewhat of a skewed picture. I think what's most important is the sort of -- what sort of returns are we getting from these projects? Are they coming online? Some of the projects have had issues with curtailment. I think a lot of these have been solved. I mean, this is mostly in Bulgaria and in China. So overall, if you look at our portfolio, I think we've -- your past -- some of the projects are maturing out of the lease equity -- tax equity, sorry, time period. And also, if you look at going forward in the U.S., you have more investment tax credits and things like that, that will upfront the earnings relative to our initial projects.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Miller.
Unknown Analyst - : On the environmental stuff. Now that we've had some time to digest Casper, what are your plans for the older coal plants, particularly the merchant ones outside of the Eastern Energy?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay. First, as you know, in both IPL and DPL, we're quite well positioned in terms of how our plants are scrubbed versus the other plants in the market. And we have, of course, a good idea, I think, in terms of what the CapEx would be required to meet some of the new environmental regulations. I'd like to ask Ned to add some comments to that.
Ned Hall: Yes, Andres, I would just amplify what you said. Outside of IPL and DPL, certainly, our plants that have contracts or the few that are still remaining in the merchant are largely scrubbed for SO2 and NOx. So we're in pretty good shape as far as the Casper rules go from those facilities. IPL may have to actually make some investment. But there's clarity in how that would work. Obviously, as Andy steps into that role, he'll be dealing with that. But that investment would be anticipated to be recovered through rates as it is made. And DPL is actually in pretty good shape in terms of NOx and SOx requirements as well. So overall, I think we're feeling like we're in a good position.
Unknown Analyst - : So no plant closures planned at this point?
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Andy?
Andrew Martin Vesey: This is Andy Vesey. In terms of IPL, we have announced a number of plant closures that have intent -- or are initially based on finding the final rulings on the hafta [ph] map, which is going to be out in December. We have a number of plants. The older plants probably would not support the incremental investment. So there are some plants that are scheduled potentially to close down by the end of 2015. This has been announced publicly. And in order for us to get a regulatory treatment for the investments, we would have to get from the Indiana Commission a certificate of [indiscernible]. And it’s clear to us that those older plants would not receive that and therefore, we would not get the right recovery. So we do have plans to close the smaller facilities. However, that said, we are still awaiting the final rules, which will be out on December 16, and then we'll update our plans.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: I think the key point here is it would be to sum up a smaller plant. We don't see it having a major effect on our generation capacity.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. Beaver Valley or where you're on?
Ned Hall: Beaver Valley is scrubbed and has NOx controls as does Warrior Run. The specifics, obviously, again, will depend on the economics as it plays out over time. Both have power purchase contracts that support them. There's growing concerns right now. And the long term, obviously, if costs increase for the allowances, could have an impact. But the near term, we're fine.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sachin Shah [ph].
Unknown Analyst - : So I just want to get an update on the DPL deal. I know that you’d mentioned the deal in Ohio and FERC. So it seems from the update from Ohio stipulation that we should hear back from them but -- so I just wanted to get an update on the Ohio POC and any kind of indication from FERC at this point.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Yes, I'll pass this off to Ned. I really don't think there's much that we can comment on it other to say that the approval process is proceeding smoothly and that we really don't see any major hiccups in the process, but I don't think we can give any opinions past that.
Ned Hall: FERC has it scheduled to decide by the 18th. And so we anticipate some progress there. And as you know, we filed with Public Utilities Commission of Ohio and that's all progressing on the natural course.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. But -- so no indication if you can close the deal by the end of the year?
Ned Hall: No. We're dealing with regulatory process. So we don't want to be speculative. But everything is proceeding well.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Andres Ricardo Gluski: Okay. Well, with that, we'd like to thank everybody for having called in. I'll turn it over to Joel.
Joel Abramson: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Hanrahan - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Chairman of Finance & Investment Committee Joel Abramson - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Gluski - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Victoria Harker - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Joel Abramson. Sir, you may begin.
Joel Abramson: Thank you, Carissa, and welcome to the AES Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Call. We appreciate you're being with us this morning. Joining me today are Paul Hanrahan, our President and CEO; Victoria Harker, our Chief Financial Officer; Andres Gluski, our Chief Operations Officer; and other senior members of our management. Before we begin our presentation, let me remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of these risks, we encourage you to read our documents on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our presentation is being webcast and the slides are available on our website, which you can access at www.aes.com under Investor Relations. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Paul Hanrahan, our CEO. Paul?
Paul Hanrahan: Thanks, Joel, and good morning. Today, I'll briefly comment on our financial performance during the second quarter of 2011. After Victoria reviews the second quarter results in more detail, I'll give an update on several of our other significant projects under construction, as well as our progress on the development pipeline.  In the second quarter, we achieved the growth versus the first quarter we were expecting, putting us on a trajectory to hit our full year guidance. Excluding costs associated with our pending DPL acquisition, we earned $0.32 of adjusted EPS during the quarter and proportional free cash flow of $181 million. Year-to-date, we have earned $0.54 of adjusted EPS, which is approximately 50% of the midpoint of our full year guidance of $1.08 to $1.14 prior to the impact of DPL. This strong quarter was driven by volume growth in Chile, from both existing plants, as well as contributions from Unit 1 at our new coal-fired plant in the northern grid, Angamos, which came online in April.  Of course, as we indicated last quarter, we did see unfavorable year-over-year trends at our generation businesses in the Philippines and Hungary. Also, our previously disclosed repair efforts in Panama, where we had a partial total collapse in one of our hydroelectric plants, continued to impact both earnings and free cash flow. These negative impacts were anticipated, however, and the repairs to the tunnel for our Panama hydro plant will be completed during the second half of 2012. Thus, we remain on track to achieve our 2011 guidance.  At this point, I'll turn the call over to Victoria, who will discuss the results for the quarter and update you on our cost-cutting program, which, as we mentioned during our Investor Day, will be one of our key drivers of earnings growth in addition to bringing our construction pipeline into operation. Victoria?
Victoria Harker: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with an update on the performance of key operating drivers that impacted our earnings and cash flow results for the quarter. Then I'll walk through our gross margin, EPS and cash flow results, as well as our parent liquidity status. Finally, I'll provide an update on our efficiency efforts today. First, our key operating drivers. Foreign exchange rates largely moved in our favor during the quarter. As a reminder, many of our businesses operate in currencies other than the dollar and, therefore, benefit when those currencies appreciate relative to the dollar. Compared to the second quarter of 2010, the Brazilian real and the euro both appreciated by almost 13%, while the Philippine peso rose approximately 5%. As a result, favorable foreign exchange contributed to improved earnings.  Likewise, volume was favorable at most -- as most growth trends in Latin America continued. Our Brazilian utilities had growth of 3%, while our generation businesses in Argentina and Chile had volume growth of 7% and 26% respectively. In Asia and Europe, the volume trends were consistent with our expectations. You may recall that our generation businesses in the Philippines, Masinloc, benefited from higher-than-expected demand growth of 10% last year, which, coupled with low availability at competitors' base load plants, benefited us with very favorable spot prices. This year, by comparison, lower demand driven by relatively cooler weather and better system availability did not provide the same favorability. In Europe, our merchant generation business in Hungary also felt the impact of lower volume due to lower market demand.  In addition, we've seen challenging pricing in certain markets where we are no longer benefiting from long-term contract pricing. I've mentioned on past calls that the PPA at Kilroot in Northern Ireland came to the end of its term in the fourth quarter of 2010. Since then, we've been operating under less favorable merchant prices. In addition, annual tariff adjustments in Brazil have suppressed the earnings of our utilities there.  Beyond these base business drivers in the second quarter, we began to realize the material contribution from 2 of our major projects coming online this year. At our Maritza plant in Bulgaria, revenue generated from the partial COD achieved in June helped gross margin. At Angamos in Chile, the early COD of Unit 1 also contributed incrementally for the first time this year. Together, these 2 businesses had a positive impact on proportional gross margin of over $30 million relative to the second quarter of 2010 and relative to the first quarter of 2011. A significant offset to these positive trends was the previously disclosed outage at Estí, our hydroelectric plant in Panama. A partial tunnel collapse in late 2010 and the subsequent repair work has exposed the plant to very high spot pricing as it must purchase power to satisfy its contractual obligations. Receipt of insurance proceeds covering both the repair and the business interruption are anticipated in the second half of this year. The plant is expected to be back online during the second half of 2012.  All of these key drivers contributed to a second quarter consolidated gross margin of just over $1 billion, an increase of $17 million or 2% compared to 2010. On a proportional basis, we earned $619 million of gross margin, an increase of 4% relative to 2010. You'll note that this increase in gross margin of 2% is well below the rate of increase in revenue, which accelerated by 16%. I'd like to take a moment to provide some context for this dynamic.  Revenue increased at a higher rate than gross margin, partially as a result of the pass-through of fuel costs and purchase energy, which increased revenue but did not have a corresponding impact on gross margin. Gross margin was also negatively impacted by the forced outage in Panama due to the tunnel work there. In addition, there was some onetime charges, such as regulatory penalties at Sul in Brazil and a bad debt reversal at Gener in Chile in 2010.  In some cases, these higher fixed cost are compensated for in the tariff process, meaning we'll see offsetting benefits in future billing periods. Examples of this include higher people costs in Ukraine and contract services relative to demand management systems at IPL. That said, managing fixed costs is a top priority for management, and through the initiatives we outlined previously, we expect to reverse this trend wherever possible. In the second quarter, adjusted EPS was $0.32, excluding $0.04 of costs related to the pending DPL acquisition. This represents an increase of $0.08 from the second quarter of 2010. In addition to the gross margin drivers I've just reviewed, we continue to benefit from an implied effective tax rate, due to the renewal of TIPRA, a U.S. tax law, in the fourth quarter of 2010, which impacts distribution from certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. Diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.24, an increase of $0.05 from second quarter of 2010. In addition to the factors I just described for adjusted EPS, diluted EPS was also affected by an increase of $0.07 in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains in the second quarter of 2011 versus the second quarter of 2010. These noncash gains are primarily due to an increase in the valuation of foreign denominated receivables and cash balances, given the strengthening of the euro and British pound since the end of 2010. This is partially offset by the $0.04 loss from the impairment of Kelanitissa, our generation business in Sri Lanka.  Now let's discuss cash flow. The cash flow results reflect some of the same trends that impacted earnings. On a consolidated basis, we saw growth in operating cash flow from Latin America, which was offset by declines in Asia and North America. Although our Eastern Energy businesses in New York are now accounted for in discontinued operations, as we work through this terms of their sale, they will still negatively affect consolidated cash flow. Additionally, Eastern was negatively impacted year-over-year by the expiration of hedges, which we benefited from in 2010. In addition, we lost the contributions from the businesses in Oman, Pakistan and Qatar subsequent to their sale in 2010.  As a result, our operating cash flow of $675 million was $72 million lower year-over-year on a consolidated basis and lower by $72 million to $294 million on a proportional basis. Consolidated free cash flow decreased by $128 million to $460 million for the quarter. This decrease was driven by lower operating cash flow, as well as higher maintenance CapEx, primarily at its utilities in North America and Cameroon. It's important to note that we expect the free cash flow trend at Panama to improve in the second half by the receipt of the insurance proceeds. On a proportional basis, our free cash flow decreased $101 million to $148 million.  Now turning to parent company liquidity. During the quarter, parent company liquidity benefited from the $2 billion debt offerings we completed, which are earmarked to fund the acquisition of DPL at close. In addition, we received $167 million from subsidiary distributions, net of corporate overhead and cash interest expense, during the quarter.  Also during the quarter, we retired $200 million of senior secured term loan due in August. Additionally, we spent $145 million for several construction and development projects, such as Maritza in Bulgaria, Laurel Mountain in the U.S., Mong Duong, our coal project in Vietnam, and completed our partnership with Koç in Turkey, in advance of the privatization there. Finally, we repurchased approximately $36 million of shares during the quarter. Including the proceeds of the DPL acquisition financing, our parent liquidity at quarter end is now $3.1 billion, up $1.8 billion versus the first quarter of 2011. Without the DPL infusion, liquidity would be $1.1 billion, a decrease of $200 million versus the first quarter of 2011.  I'd like to take a moment now to update you on our overhead transformation program. Back in May, at our Investor Conference, I introduced AES's transformation program to improve cost effectiveness and efficiencies across AES. We expect this initiative to yield $100 million in run rate savings by the end of 2014.  During the second quarter, we gained momentum on these initiatives, including outsourcing high-volume financial transaction processes, such as accounts payable and general accounting. We expect to implement outsourcing in Asia and portions of Europe by year-end. In addition, we are in the beginning stages of enhancing and expanding our utilization of financial systems. This provides flexibility to meet multiple recording -- reporting needs, streamlining data collection and increasing automation. In summary, the quarter was in line with our expectations.  Looking ahead to the full year, we're reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of $1.08 to $1.14, excluding DPL acquisition costs. I would note, excluding DPL costs, we're turning toward the higher end of this range of earnings. That said, our estimates for the DPL acquisition costs may move up to a $0.13 relative to the $0.11 previously discussed due to additional interest costs in 2011.  Given projected trends and interest rates, we decided to access the capital markets early to lock in long-term financing attractive rates consistent with our assumptions. In total, this leaves us squarely within the range of our adjusted EPS guidance, inclusive of DPL costs, of $0.97 to $1.03. With that, let me turn it back over to Paul who'll provide an update on our construction projects and development pipeline.
Paul Hanrahan: Okay. Thanks, Victoria. Before I give an update on the construction development projects, I'd like to take a moment and review the recent announcement of the proposed sale of our telecom business in Brazil.  Yes, I think the sale is a good example of how we think about portfolio management and how it can add value to the company. In early July, our Brazilian affiliate, Brasiliana, entered into an agreement to sell 2 telecommunication businesses for BRL 1.6 billion or approximately USD $1 billion. A portion of the proceeds will accrue to the shareholders of Eletropaulo, with remainder flowing to Brasiliana of which we own approximately 46%. Although a final decision has not been made, one possible use of these proceeds would be to pay down some very expensive debt at Brasiliana, which carries a 14% interest rate. For our share of Brasiliana, we anticipate recording a onetime gain in excess of $200 million on the transaction in 2011, and on an ongoing basis, we expect it to be accretive to our earnings beginning in 2012 due to the reduction of debt.  Now let me turn to our construction program. We continued to make good progress during the second quarter, with approximately 950 megawatts expected to come online by the end of 2011. On June 3, our 670-megawatt Maritza coal-fired power plant in Bulgaria was placed into commercial operation at an initial capacity of 494 megawatts on a gross megawatt basis. As of July 21, the capacity has been tested at 630 megawatts, in line with our plan to reach design capacity of 670 megawatts gross by year-end. In addition, as you may recall, we terminated the contractor for the Maritza project, Alstom, on March 21. We had also requested payment for the performance security posted by the contractor, and on July 6, we received a positive ruling from the court of Versailles, and therefore -- thereafter, received payment of the full amount of demands made under the performance security in the amount of approximately EUR 155 million.  Now turning to Latin America. We continue to make good progress towards our schedule to commission approximately 720 megawatts of capacity in 2011. Our 518-megawatt Angamos coal-fired plant in Northern Chile has fully commissioned Unit 1 ahead of schedule. More importantly for the bottom line, Unit 1 achieved a 12% higher output and 6% better efficiency than was guaranteed by the EPC contract. Yet, it, too, has reached full load operation and is on schedule to reach its commercial operation date by the middle of September, which is ahead of its scheduled completion date.  During the second quarter, we also continued making progress with the Changuinola hydro project in Panama, filling the reservoir for 223-megawatt hydro project start and starting early commissioning activities. Our current forecast is to have the first hydro unit in operation in mid-September and the second unit in operation by October. Campiche, our 270-megawatt coal-fired project in Chile, also continued progressing well towards its scheduled completion in early 2013. In addition, we have 262 megawatts of wind generation capacity in the United states, China, Europe and India under construction and targeted for completion by the end of 2011.  Finally, AES Solar continues to successfully develop and construct projects. We have 127 megawatts in operation, 31 megawatts under construction and expect another 118 to enter construction by the end of the year. Including the 32 megawatts that came online during the quarter, this will bring the total megawatts online to 277 megawatts by the end of 2012. It's worth noting that of these projects under construction, all but 98 megawatts benefit from long-term power purchase agreements and are expected to deliver meaningful earnings in 2012 and beyond. Now I'd like to turn to development. But before I do, I'd like to caveat my comments in light of what has happened to the equity markets, as well as AES stock over the past few days. As we've explained before, we're constantly thinking about how to best allocate capital amongst the various options. Those being to pay down debt, invest in growth opportunities or buy back stock. Our objective is to allocate money to those uses that accrete the most value on a per-share basis. And given where our stock closed yesterday at $10.75, buybacks are, at that level, are obviously very attractive.  One of the benefits of our current position is that we do have the ability to pace a portion of our growth pipeline and to defer certain investments, creating flexibility to repurchase shares when the prices fall to absurdly low levels as they did yesterday. Of course, we will do this while maintaining sufficient liquidity to meet our committed funding obligations, such as the acquisition of DPL.  So with that context, let me turn to our development pipeline and some of the opportunities that we have to invest that will deliver growth beyond 2012 and those areas that we identified as areas of strategic focus. Looking at Southeast Asia, we entered into non-recourse financing agreements for our 1,200-megawatt greenfield coal plant Mong Duong in Vietnam. As a reminder, this is a $1.95-billion project, and we have $1.46 billion of debt committed, as well as equity from our partners, leaving us with a $235-million commitment approximately. Funding of these agreements is subject to satisfaction of the conditions precedent, but we expect construction to begin in the next few months and commercial operations for both units to be completed in 2015. In Turkey, the government has initiated the privatization process with over 1,000 megawatts of natural gas-fired assets for which bids were submitted at the end of July. Although we passed on this round as we were more interested in the group of lignite coal-fired projects of 600 megawatts coming up for bid around year-end, we take the initiation of this first wave of sales as a good sign. Ultimately, the privatization process is anticipated to put 16,000 megawatts of generation capacity on the market.  Now turning to our Wind pipeline. In Europe, we continue to pursue renewable energy projects. Last quarter, we reached financial close and started construction on 30 megawatts in the U.K. and could close another 36 megawatts by year-end. We have a pipeline of over 1,000 megawatts in Europe and expect that we could put another 175 megawatts into construction with attractive returns, by the end of 2012, subject, of course, to whether these will be more attractive than stock buybacks.  In the U.S., our pending acquisition of DPLs continues to make progress. Regarding financing for DPL, per our previously stated plan, in the second quarter, we raised approximately $2 billion in AES recourse debt through 2 separate transactions. We moved quickly to access strong high-yield markets, carrying pricing and terms consistent with our expectations. Subject to market and other conditions, we anticipate raising the remaining $1.25 billion of non-recourse debt at the DPL holding company level, sometime in late third quarter or early fourth quarter.  On the regulatory approval front, in June, we received early termination of Hart-Scott-Rodino Act waiting period. This is the first of 3 significant regulatory hurdles. The next 2 are FERC and the Public Utility Commission of Ohio or PUCO. With respect to the PUCO approval, the staff and public comment period ended on July 18, and we will begin filing our response by August 18. At that time, the PUCO will set the schedule for the remainder of the approval process. And finally, DPL received SEC approval to distribute its proxy statement. The DPL shareholder vote on the merger is scheduled for September 23. I'd say overall, we're pleased with the progress to date. We still expect to close the deal sometime in the fourth quarter of this year or the first quarter of 2012.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to our operator, Carissa, who will open up the call for your questions. Carissa, you want open up the lines for questions from the investors?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Brian Russo, your line is open.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: I was hoping you could comment just a little bit more on the Panama planned outage and replacement power costs. It's -- it looks like your net ownership in Estí is 59 megawatts. Why is the hit on the fuel so large?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes. Andres Gluski, our Chief Operating Officer, you can address that.
Andres Gluski: Yes, sure. Brian, first, replacement power costs have been very high in Panama with the high oil prices. And basically, as you know, we have AES Panama, which is a -- as you correctly pointed out, is half owned by the Panamanian government and half owned by us. So basically, you have 2 things. One, you have that the Estí power plant, the -- you had a collapse in the tunnel, and we stopped -- we had to stop using the hydro plant while repairs are made, which will conclude early next year. And then also, we had certain contracts for Changuinola as well. So basically both are not in operations, and we're having to buy power in the market. But I think, as it's been pointed out, we have business interruption at Estí, and we also have these insurance claims will come -- also the claims for the repair work. And after the close, we've already started to receiving some of the insurance payments, which are not reflected in these results.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Okay. So what would you say kind of the net annualized impact that will be, this year and then I guess next year, until the plant's operational?
Andres Gluski: For this year, it's basically going to be a wash, in terms of all the insurance claims, the business interruptions and the cost of these things.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Okay. So you incurred the replacement power cost in 2Q, but then that'll be recouped in the insurance claims and business interruption later this year?
Andres Gluski: So that's correct.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Okay. So next year, it's a wash as well?
Andres Gluski: Well, next year, you have Changuinola coming online. So next year is a different situation.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Okay. And maybe if you could just address some of the challenges or risks that you guys noted in your 10-Q on the Eletropaulo rate reset. And then maybe -- can you just comment on Kilroot? Are you seeing better pricing next year than what you're seeing this year?
Andres Gluski: Let me go ahead and take first the Eletropaulo tariff reset. And what we are, we really don't have that much of an update to say versus what we've said in the past. They came out in the -- ANEEL came out with a proposal, which was quite draconian, and ABRADEE has, therefore, been negotiating with the ANEEL. And this has been moving in the direction, we think, it'll -- because it's more in the middle. So of course, as you know, the WACC was lowered to about 9.95%. Their proposal was 7.15%. I think we'll end up somewhere in the range around 7.5% to 7.8%. Other things is the X factor, in terms of how volume growth, can the company take advantage of that. And then in terms of the regulatory asset base, again, the issue is how much of the sort of forward-looking CapEx that you're going to spend can be included in that. So you have those different components, I would say that it's, no, going to be not 100% where we were before, but less draconian than what the initial proposal had been.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Okay. And Kilroot?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes. Just one thing I'll mention on the Eletropaulo. The way things are ending up, as Andres said, it's consistent with how we were thinking about the world when we gave our guidance back in the Investor Day. So from that perspective, we don't see it coming out very differently than we had otherwise.
Andres Gluski: Oh, yes. I think basically, as you know, in Kilroot, the Irish electricity authority decided to end the PPA. It was their -- in their power to do so, and it's basically a capacity play. And you have a seasonal adjustment there on -- in terms of Kilroot, and Ballylumford is performing very well.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Okay. And on the portfolio management ongoing initiatives. There have been some recent news reports that the AES holders' partner, or AES as well, might be looking to divest AES Solar. And I know you also mentioned at the Analyst Conference potentially divesting the Wind business as well. Just hoping you can give us some thoughts on that.
Paul Hanrahan: We really can't comment on the Solar process, because it's something we and our partner are thinking through what we do with that business. But I'd say generally, we are always going to be open to transact at values that makes sense. And I think we've looked at Wind, in terms of going back a couple years, could we take that public, could we sell down to a partner. So we'll continue to look at all those options, but it's really going to come from -- I mean, there's no need to divest those. We think they're good businesses. But to the extent that there's strong interest and we can get good value for the businesses, we'd take a look at that. I'd say, what we've seen though, just generically, is that if you look at any of those business, particularly renewable space, very little value being given to development, but yet high value is being given to the operating assets. So if we were to look at something like this, it could also take the shape of us thinking about divesting some of the operating assets and getting some low-cost capital there. In many cases, we're talking about people have expectations of single-digit rates return, and we keep the development and continue to move those forward, because that's really -- if we can be investing at routine returns and then selling them down at single-digit returns, that's not a bad business for us.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ali Agha.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Paul, could you remind us, I think you had mentioned you bought back about 36 million shares in the quarter. What -- as of today, how much capacity do you currently have for buybacks under your authorization?
Paul Hanrahan: I think we -- with the board, if I remember correctly, we had about $500 million. We bought back about $150 million -- $198 million. So we got about $300 million left in that authorization. And I think under our various debt restrictions, we've probably got a little bit more room than that, maybe another $200 million on top of that.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, okay. And on DPL, I want to get a sense from you. The recent numbers, they laid out the customers switching trends continue to be a factor. In fact, they've also seen switching now in the residential side, which, originally, they've not assumed in the numbers they put out in the proxy. Just wanted to get a sense from you, number one, on how you're seeing those trends versus your own expectations when you price the transaction. And secondly, the staff recommendations that came out for the merger approval process, what's your reaction to some of the conditions they talked about?
Paul Hanrahan: Though I have Andres coming up, I'd say, generally -- I think we talked about it when we announced the acquisition that we probably had different expectations than possibly others did, when we looked at it. And I'd say, where we are overall, we feel it's -- we continue to feel it's in line with what we had expected. But we've been watching very closely those metrics you've been talking about. And, Andres, do you want to comment on those?
Andres Gluski: Sure. Basically, the performance of DPL is in line with what we had in mind when we made the acquisition. It's true that there's been a 5% increase in the switching from people under the ESP to a CRES, but they're capturing a portion of that. On the other hand, the capacity auctions for '14 and '15 came in, I think, higher than the market expected. And also, energy prices, given the, let's say, more stringent Cross-State Pollution Air Rules that have come out in that area, have also sort of pushed up prices. So I think that everything is within the ranges of our expectation. I don't know if -- Ned, do you want to comment on the backdrop?
Ned Hall: Ali, this is Ned. As Paul mentioned in his opening remarks, our comments are due August 18. So we're not going to elaborate with a lot of detail ahead of that on any of the specifics. Generally, I don't think there were any significant surprises, not anything different than we anticipated, and not anything unusual. So I think we expect that we're on track, and we'll work through this in an orderly fashion. And our comments will be filed by August 18.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And a different question, Paul, about -- all of -- in the news in the media right now on Brazil's economy, some political changes there as well. Just on a macro scale, how is Brazil looking for you guys going forward from the ground there? And any change in your overall expectations, perhaps for Latin America in general, versus what you're assuming in your guidance?
Paul Hanrahan: No, I mean, I don't think so. But let me, Andres, who spends a lot of time there and has been there recently, he might provide a perspective. It's his view.
Andres Gluski: Sure. I mean, basically, Brazil, I mean, the energy demand is growing at 3%. They have a lot of various infrastructure projects underway, specifically the buildout of the oil and gas sector. It's been a big -- and positive. Given what we know today, we have no reason to change it. We continue to see good growth in the markets like Chile and Colombia. But I would say that the things that could change that would be a drop in commodity prices, to some extent, but that's true of most of the regions in the world. So basically, I'd say our views continue unchanged, and as Victoria stated in her statements, we have seen strong growth in most of those markets.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And last question, on the cost reduction. The $100-million run rate by '14, can you remind us what's embedded in your '11 and '12 guidance for cost reductions?
Victoria Harker: The '11 guidance actually had -- we have severance costs that we're incurring, so it was actually -- we're covering those and hitting our guidance as stated. And we only have about $10 million in the '12, because we're still ramping up some of the activities. At this point, we look to be at least at, if not, above that, just based on the actions so far.
Operator: And the next question comes from Gregg Orrill.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: Maybe sticking with the cost-cutting program. As you've gone into it, how do you feel about the $100-million target and kind of ability to raise that?
Paul Hanrahan: Victoria will shoot me for answering, but I feel pretty good about it. I think there's probably some upside to that, as we look into it. we're pushing really hard to get there. So I feel very confident that we can get to those levels and probably beat them.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: And then, Paul, on prior calls, you've talked about as the business changes, initiating a dividend. What are your updated thoughts on that?
Paul Hanrahan: We've been talking about it at the board level. I think what we feel pretty confident about now is its -- in today's environment, with everything we have going on, we're probably not in a position with our debt levels, debt servicing, in a position where we could start paying a dividend. But if we look out, say, by 2013, we're starting to get to levels where we'd probably have enough room or we could, if we wanted to, issue a dividend. We'd have more flexibility then. And I think we'll keep talking about that. But the one thing we do sense is that the investors today currently value yield, and we have a -- we have some very high yielding assets. And we're just trying to think about well, how do we take advantage of that. But clearly, a number of our investors have been pushing very hard for dividend. I think we could be paying a dividend. I think as we get to 2013, we probably are generating enough cash where we can be investing in new projects, paying a dividends. I think when we couple that with asset sales as we move out of the markets that aren't the focus markets, that will even give us greater capacity to be making growth investments and basically trading out of assets with -- and selling them to people who have lower yield requirements, then reinvesting it at higher returns. So I think we'll be talking about that a lot more next year, but you shouldn't expect anything, clearly not this year and probably not next year. Let's say 2013 is a time frame where it becomes very possible to do something.
Operator: And the next question comes from Maura Shaughnessy.
Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management: Two questions actually. First of all, the concern with the date in the DPL acquisition was a potential cliff, and once ESP ran off, they go into market prices. And now we have to CSAPR rules. Can you just talk about the investment under the -- assuming that the EPA rules actually come to fruition?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes. Let -- Ned Hall can cover that. Ned?
Ned Hall: Maura, we're probably not in a position to offer any insight on DPL at this point. That's probably not appropriate. And in terms of our own fleet on the rules, they're not that inconsistent with the caterer in the historic expectations. There are obviously some allocation differences that still need to be sorted out. IPL will have some level of CapEx that we'll require, but obviously, we're going to balance ultimately what comes with the MACT rules at the end of the year, in terms of investment needs and how to play that all out. So we're not prepared to put a CapEx number out today, but the regulation, as you're aware, in Indiana would allow us to recover those costs through rates. The balance of our North America fleet is mostly already scrubbed and has NOx control, so we don't anticipate any significant capital on the balance of our fleet. Obviously, our O&M costs will change as a result of probably running scrubbers, and SCR is harder than we have historically, but that should be reflected by higher prices in the market as well. So I think -- we feel, overall, like we're in pretty good shape and certainly didn't get any what we would consider to be significant surprises, and I think anticipate that the MACT rules that come out will actually drive what the CapEx requirements will be.
Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management: Okay. And then, excuse me, secondly, just again on a capital allocation discussion. It seems that the continuation of the trend of your Latin subs materially outperforming the parent company stock. As of last night, Eletropaulo up 23%, Tietê up 2%, Gener up 4% and your stock down 12%, and that could be done on almost any time frame with a material outperformance on the Latin names. I'm just trying to think through. You mentioned buying back some stock, still not the dividend for a while. Any sense as to -- that the Latin stocks grow nothing in a huge way, but in a very defined moderate way and give some very good dividends and proven to have been pretty awesome stocks over time. And yet your -- the AES parent company stock has been under so much pressure, and Eletropaulo stock materially benefited from the dividend announcement, a la -- via the asset sale, the telco asset sales, which was materially above expectations, and the parent company stock, all it does is -- has been going down. So in this venue, I mean, it seems more aggressive. And you have a major shareholder who has been dumping the stock for the last several months. So in this venue, it seems like something more aggressive needs to be done. Maybe that's a commentary or a question, I'm not sure.
Paul Hanrahan: I think it's pretty clear, but -- all I would say to your question is that -- that is, everything you said, we agree with completely, that I think what's clear is that because we are not paying a dividend, that is causing some people to not buy -- or I should say there's a high demand for dividend-paying stocks, particularly companies like us. And having the ability to do that is something we think would materially potentially increase the value of the company. And we think we can get there. The second part is because we have companies that are trading at relatively good price, relative to the parent, there's potential arbitrage there. Some of these are publicly traded. We've got the ability to do some things there. So that's -- that does give us the ability to think about, from a portfolio management standpoint, does that give us the source of funds that makes sense. So I think everything you said, I would agree with.
Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management: No sense of change of pace in terms of either the share buyback or dividend or you mentioned the stock under '11 looks pretty compelling.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, definitely a change of pace between the stock above $13 and the stock at $10.75, yes, definitely a change of pace.
Operator: And the next question comes from Brian Taddeo.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: Just a quick one. I was wondering if you can give us an update as where things stand on AES Eastern. Any progress on asset sale, or any progress you made there along those lines?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, I think that's continuing. I don't know all the details, but the process continues with one of the bidders. And I can't provide a lot more detail on that. But as we get to a certain point where we can, we'll certainly disclose that to the market.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: Can you give a sense of kind of what the liquidity situation looks like at the project now? I mean, after the July payment, how much is -- how much cash is there, et cetera?
Paul Hanrahan: Ned, you want to -- can you comment on that?
Ned Hall: Yes. We're fine through the end of the year.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: I'm sorry. Fine through end of year, think you can make the January payment as well?
Victoria Harker: I don't think we want to comment at this point. Ned's point was that we were fine through the year-end projections that we've given.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, we have no further questions.
Paul Hanrahan: Okay. Well, thanks, operator. Before we end the call, I'd just like to reiterate a couple of the key points that we discussed. One, our second quarter earnings grew over the first quarter. They were in line with our expectations, and we are on track to achieve the full year guidance. And our pending acquisition of DPL is progressing smoothly, and we remain confident it's going to close in the fourth quarter this year or in the first quarter of 2012.  I thank all of you for joining us on the call today and for your attention, and we look forward to talking to you in the not-too-distant future. Thanks.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Hanrahan - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Chairman of Finance & Investment Committee Joel Abramson - Vice President of Investor Relations Brian Miller - Acting Chief Compliance Officer, Executive Vice President, Secretary, General Counsel and Co-Chair of Development Steering Committee Andres Gluski - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Victoria Harker - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital
Operator: Welcome and I'd like to thank you all for holding. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is also being recorded. If we have any objections, you may disconnect. I'd now like to turn the call over to Joel Abramson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Joel Abramson: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone, to the AES Corporation's First Quarter Earnings Call. We appreciate your being with us this morning. Joining me today are Paul Hanrahan, our President and CEO; Victoria Harker, our Chief Financial Officer; Andres Gluski, our Chief Operating Officer; and other senior members of our management. Before we begin our presentation, let me remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of these risks, we encourage you to read our documents on file with the SEC. Our presentation is being webcast, and the slides are available on our website, which you can access at www.aes.com under Investor Relations. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Paul Hanrahan, our CEO. Paul?
Paul Hanrahan: Thanks, Joel, and good morning to you, all of you joining us today. Today, I'll briefly comment on our financial performance during the first quarter of 2011 and also recap key highlights of our recent announcement regarding our acquisition of DPL. After Victoria reviews the first quarter results in more detail, I'll give an update on our project center construction, as well as progress on the advanced development pipeline beyond DPL. The results for the first quarter of 2011 were in line with our expectations. We earned $0.22 of adjusted EPS during the quarter and proportional free cash flow of $159 million. These results were driven by the demand growth in Latin America, which helped to offset some of the negative variances that we had anticipated. There are 2 material ones which I'd like to highlight. One was our Generation business in the Philippines, where volumes declined due to the market returning to a more normal environment with more capacity being available to the market. As you may recall, we benefited significantly last year by having our plant available when many of our competitors were suffering from outages. 2010 was an exceptional year in that regard. Another factor related to one of our Northern Ireland plants, Kilroot, where the PPA was terminated in late 2010 in accordance with its terms. So we saw lower prices as a result of the plant selling on a merchant basis, and neither of these results was unexpected.  Looking forward to the remainder of the year, as you can see on Page 19 of the investor presentation, both earnings and cash projections will increase throughout the year as our 1,700 megawatts of construction projects come online during the latter part of the year. So we are on track and continue to expect a strong balance of the year and to achieve all of our 2011 guidance metrics. Also, as we discussed a few weeks ago, on April 20, we signed an agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of DPL Inc., a public holding company of Dayton Power & Light. Assuming a closing by year end, the acquisition is expected to be accretive to our earnings by $0.05 to $0.07 per share in 2012, excluding acquisition costs. This acquisition will be funded by a combination of new debt and cash-on-hand. As we also discussed during our prior call, we are strategically focused in key geographies where we have both a competitive advantage, as well as adequate opportunities to achieve attractive returns. We've chosen these markets, one of which is the U.S., based on a combination of attractive fundamentals and AES' skill sets. This acquisition is in alignment with our refined approach to new investments, which focuses on a smaller number of select markets that we believe will offer the greatest potential for long-term value creation.  The acquisition of DPL presents us with opportunities to complement our existing utility platform in the Midwest at IPL, and to leverage the skill of our North American footprint. It also allows us to utilize our U.S. tax position efficiently. That combination has allowed us to structure a transaction that provides immediate benefits to both the AES and to the DPL shareholders. Now I'll turn the call over to Victoria, who will discuss the first quarter financial results in greater detail. Victoria?
Victoria Harker: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. As Paul mentioned, the first quarter results are in line with our expectations and consistent with operating trends and construction timelines we have previously incorporated in our 2011 guidance. We expect a strong rest-of-year, driven primarily by new construction coming online in Chile adjusted EPS by year end. This includes $0.02 from Maritza, with staged commissioning over the rest of this year. Although both adjusted earnings and cash flow during the first quarter of 2011 are lower than during the same period last year, this is a result of several drivers, some of which we've previously outlined. For example, this is the first year of our Northern Ireland business, Kilroot, operating without a PPA, as Paul mentioned. Also, while the Philippines has continued to show demand growth of 3% to 4%, system-wide capacity has recovered from 2010 levels as other market generators have increased their availability, which dampens Masinloc's beneficial impact on the portfolio this year when compared to last. In addition, as has been the case with many companies during this earnings cycle, we continued to be exposed to commodity price fluctuations, as certain businesses, such as Yangcheng, our coal fire plant in China, had significant increase to coal prices with no commensurate increase to tariff rates has put pressure on our earnings there. To that end, this is not a new trend, and unfortunately, but we're co-managing those carefully. In the first quarter of 2011, we've moved our Eastern Energy business into discontinued operations, as we had anticipated in our 2011 guidance.  Outside of these factors, our operating performance has been quite solid. In Chile, we saw higher volumes driven by market demand. In addition, we were able to procure Liquefied Natural Gas for our Esso plant [ph], which last year had run with diesel. As a result, we have been able to capture higher energy margins. In addition, we've realized higher volume at our Brazilian utilities, Eletropaulo and Sul, where demand grew by 6% and 7%, respectively. The quarter also benefited from contributions from Ballylumford in Northern Island, which we acquired during the third quarter of 2010.  Finally, foreign exchange rates provide some tail winds to our gross margin. In particular, the Brazilian real appreciated nearly 9%, and the Chilean peso appreciated 11%. These factors have contributed to a consolidated gross margin of just over $1 billion, an increase of $55 million or 6% compared to 2010. On a proportional basis, we earned $620 million of gross margin, about the same as in the same quarter of 2010. For the first quarter of 2011, adjusted EPS was $0.22 or $0.06 less than the first quarter of 2010. While we experienced higher volumes in Latin America, as well as contributions from new businesses, these were offset by higher fixed costs, higher share count and lower prices, mostly in Europe. The higher fixed costs stemmed from a variety of sources, some of which are timing-related or non-recurring. For example, we had outage-related costs from scheduled maintenance in Indianapolis and Argentina, maintenance in Panama and off-taker penalties from delays at Maritza. Diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.30, an increase of $0.06 from the first quarter of 2010. In addition to the factors I just described for adjusted EPS, diluted EPS was also impacted by a significant increase in unrealized foreign currency transaction gains in the first quarter of 2011. These noncash gains are primarily due to an increase in the valuation of foreign-denominated receivables and cash balances, given the strengthening of the euro and British pound since the end of 2010. Now let's discuss cash flow. As discussed on our fourth quarter call, 2010 was an especially good year for cash flow, driven by several non-recurring events. Specifically, the first quarter of 2010 included favorable collections of past-due receivables in the Dominican Republic, as well as higher collections of VAT receivables in Chile. In addition, lower operating income and higher working capital in the Philippines relative to last year, combined with a loss of contributions from the businesses in Oman, Pakistan and Qatar, sold last year, further dampened the year-over-year comparison.  The first quarter of 2011, when compared to the first quarter of 2010, reflects a more normalized cash level. As a result, our operating cash flow of $505 million was $163 million lower year-over-year on a consolidated basis and lower by $101 million to $322 million on a proportional basis.  Likewise, consolidated free cash flow decreased by $249 million to $263 million for the quarter, driven by lower operating cash flow, as well as higher maintenance CapEx, primarily in Latin American utilities and North American utilities. On a proportional basis, our free cash flow decreased to $159 million. Now turning to Parent liquidity. During the quarter, Parent Company Liquidity benefited by $78 million from subsidiaries distribution, net of corporate overhead and interest expense. Since December 31, 2010, we retired $268 million of unsecured notes and repurchased $63 million of AES stock at an average price of $12.68. During the first quarter, we also invested $300 million in several construction and development projects, such as Drone Hill, Laurel Mountain and Mong Duong, as well as in our partnership with Koç in Turkey, positioning as well to participate in the power market privatization there. Our Parent Company Liquidity at quarter end now stands at $1.3 billion. Before I turn the call back to Paul, I just want to comment briefly on several of the efficiency efforts we have underway, as mentioned in our year-end call. Although we're in the early stages of sizing the potential cost reduction impacts of these initiatives, they include significantly leverage-able efforts, such as additional global sourcing opportunities, outsourcing of lower-value financial transaction processing and adding further automation to our financial reporting platform, now that over 70% of our businesses are on an ERP system. We are also anticipating some additional support cost opportunities, as we realign geographically as part of our new go-to-market strategy. We'll be providing additional color on these efforts during our May 19 Investor Day. With that, let me turn it back over to Paul who will provide an update on our construction projects and development pipeline. Paul?
Paul Hanrahan: Thanks, Victoria. Now what I'll do is I'll just give you a quick update on the construction and those development projects that are in advanced stages of development. Our construction pipeline showed good progress during the first quarter with approximately 1,700 megawatts expected to come online by the end of 2011. And over 95% of our current construction pipeline will be under long-term contract.  Maritza, which is our 670 megawatt coal-fired plant in Bulgaria, remains our priority in 2011, and we've taken significant steps to resolve the issues there. Commissioning is underway, with plans to obtain full design capacity by year end. AES has assumed control of the construction process, while the disputes with our contractor have been submitted to arbitration. Commercial operation, initially at a reduced capacity, is anticipated during the second quarter. Additionally, last week, we successfully concluded the final 1-unit, 72-hour capacity test at 210 megawatts net. This follows a similarly successful 2-unit, 72-hour test at 420 megawatts net. Turning to Latin America. We continue to make strong progress towards our schedule to commission approximately 720 megawatts of capacity in 2011. Our 518-megawatt Angamos coal-fired plant in Northern Chile, which is located in the copper mining region, has fully commissioned Unit 1 ahead of schedule, with Unit 2 on schedule for the second half of 2011.  In Panama, our 223-megawatt Changuinola hydroelectric project is nearing completion, with the dam and powerhouse at approximately 95% complete. Commissioning and commercial operation are expected in the second half of 2011. Campiche, our 270-megawatt coal-fired project in Chile, has restarted construction since obtaining the favorable ruling from the Supreme Court of Chile regarding the construction permits in January. There are currently over 1,200 workers on site, all major pieces of equipment are on site as well, and the project is scheduled for completion in early 2013. Finally, we have 147 megawatts of wind-generation capacity in the California and PJM markets that will be completed by the end of 2011. These projects under construction, all of which benefit from long-term power purchase agreements, will deliver meaningful earnings in 2012. When combined with PPL, these additions make for a very attractive growth trajectory off of our 2010 results.  Now let me turn to development. Projects in our advanced development pipeline will deliver growth beyond 2012, and I'd like to remind you of just a few of our key areas of focus. In Europe, we continue to pursue renewable energy projects. In the U.K., we reached financial close and started construction on our 30-megawatt wind project, Drone Hill. This is the first of several projects resulting from our 2010 acquisition of a U.K.-based wind developer. As a reminder, between the acquisition of the U.K. developer and 2 other Poland-based wind developers, we have a development pipeline totaling more than 300 megawatts in the U.K. and 775 megawatts in Poland. From these pipelines, we expect 175 megawatts of projects to begin construction within the next 12 to 18 months, which will require approximately $120 million of AES equity. In India, we recently signed a 25-year power purchase agreement with a state grid company for 50% of the output from our 1,300-megawatt, coal-fired OPGC II project expansion in the state of Orissa, which is a major coal-producing state in India. The remaining output will be available for bilateral contracts, which will further enhance the project fundamentals. In addition, AES Solar signed a PPA and closed on debt financing for our 5-megawatt solar PV project in the state of Rajasthan.  And finally, we achieved financial close and commenced construction of our 39-megawatt Saurashtra wind project in Gujarat. Commercial operations for Saurashtra is expected by the end of second quarter 2011. Each of these projects is a testament of not only the market potential in India, but also AES' ability to develop and execute across diverse technologies and regions. In Vietnam, our 1,200-megawatt greenfield coal plant, Mong Duong, also achieved this significant milestone. In February, we signed a turnkey EPC agreement with Doosan, and we executed documentation for the sale of 49% interest in the project to POSCO and to CIC. The sale will take effect in about 60 days once approval for the transfer is received from the Vietnamese government. It will not only add strategic partners with significant presence in Asia, but it will also increase AES' return on our investment, as well as confirming the value that AES creates to greenfield development. In Turkey, where we recently closed on a joint venture with Koç Holding, the upcoming privatization process affords us the valuable opportunity to develop a pipeline of projects. This partnership is anchored by Koç's 300-megawatt natural gas facilities, which have been transferred to the joint venture. We see a lot of potential in the Turkish power market, where GDP is expected to grow between 4.5% and 5%. To help meet this growth in what is currently an underserved market, system capacity is projected to increase from its current 46 gigawatts to approximately 59 gigawatts, a 5% CAGR by 2015. In addition, the privatization process would put 15 gigawatts of generation capacity on the market over 2 phases. This could be a very interesting market for us, and we think we are well-positioned with Koç as our partner. As you can see, we still have a fairly robust pipeline of development projects. And the natural question is how can we obtain the required capital for these investments, given the equity going forward into the acquisition of DPL. In addition to our existing liquidity and cash distributions from our businesses, one of the other ways that we anticipate funding is through continued portfolio management activities.  And as you have seen with the past asset sales in the Middle East and Kazakhstan, we have been able to achieve attractive prices through these sales. This is one way that we can raise new capital, while, at the same time, creating NPV for our equity folders. And the other option as evidenced in our Vietnam businesses is that working with partners is another way to fund opportunities and doing so in a manner that captures a premium for development and enhances returns to AES. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator who will open up the call for your questions. Ed, could you please open up the call for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gregg Orrill from Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: I was wondering if you could comment a little more on the cost reduction initiatives that you were going to talk about at the conference, maybe what kind of information we should be looking for? Will it be very far enough along on the work to provide some targets at that point?
Victoria Harker: This is Victoria. Gregg, I think some of the efforts that I had outlined in my comments, I think, are far enough along. We've been looking at them, particularly on the transaction processing piece, as well as some of the automation efforts on the financial platform. We can likely give some ranges of potential opportunities there. Others are certainly newer to the system, and we'll probably have more color in terms of where they might be applicable, so you can figure out how to model that what the opportunity might be. But I'm not sure over the next 10 days we'll have it exactly boiled into our long-term forecast. But there, as I mentioned, in the color commentary, there are bigger areas of opportunity like procurement, sourcing, non-commodity purchases across the entire platform. So it's a fairly pervasive effort.
Andres Gluski: This is Andres. There are a lot of efforts which are already underway, though this is really an acceleration. So for example, global sourcing, we've chosen those items, which are really big-ticket items like solid fuel, et cetera, and we have had rolled that out. We also have cost savings projects on each individual business, and this includes, for example, a major effort which we call creating value in Brazil. This is a large program, which is underway now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Russo from Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Just a follow-up on the last question on the cost reductions. Are those cost reduction initiatives excluded from your current '11 and '12 financial guidance?
Victoria Harker: They are excluded right now from '11 and '12, because we're looking at what kind of severance might be applicable as well.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: And then could you just be a little bit more specific on the merger approval process with the DPL acquisition, and specifically, when do you expect the Utility Commission of Ohio to review and reach a decision?
Paul Hanrahan: Brian Miller, our General Counsel will address that question.
Brian Miller: Yes, we're on track, pursuant to our agreement, in the merger agreement to file all of our necessary filings by May 19 of this month, obviously. It may slip a few days. We still expect to reach approval, end of this year or early in the first quarter of 2012.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Any idea when you think the commission will review it? I think maybe on the day of the announcement, you mentioned that, that approval might come last.
Brian Miller: We fully expect that PUCO, which is the public commission there, to come last.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: So maybe fourth -- end of third, maybe fourth quarter type of review?
Brian Miller: End of fourth quarter, first quarter of next year, early first quarter of next year.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Okay, great. And then lastly, I think you mentioned the 1,700 megawatts to come online throughout this year is about $0.06 to $0.08, but could you just quantify the absolute total EPS impact? Because obviously, we're not getting a full year in 2011 for these assets.
Andres Gluski: Sorry, Brian, I think that the reference of the $0.06 to $0.08 is this year.
Victoria Harker: That is the --
Paul Hanrahan: That is not the one...
Victoria Harker: Right, that is the impact in 2011 of those, as they come up in the timing that we outlined.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Right, could you be more specific in the timing then? Maritza, you said near your end. Is this a fourth quarter event?
Andres Gluski: No, I mean, in the sense of Maritza, as Paul mentioned in his speech, we, shortly, we'll -- we have passed the capacity test for 420 megawatts net out of a potential of 600. So for Maritza, this is a Q2 event of this year in terms of getting up to 420, and then the plan is to take it up to 600 from now until the end of the year.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: I understand. Then Angamos and Changuinola, anything more specific than 2H 2011?
Andres Gluski: In the case of Angamos, we have one of the 2 units is already selling energy, and we expect the second one to come on by Q3 of this year for the full 518 megawatts. In the case of Changuinola, we are in the stage right now of putting in the stop logs. We'll start flooding the reservoir next week, and we expect that to be online in the second half of this year.
Operator: The next question will come from Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Could you provide an update on where you stand on the sale process with the New York coal plants? I see that they are a discontinued item, assuming they were the only item in that $0.02 discontinued loss. And I think you have previously said by mid-year, you'd have a good read on that, and if the sale doesn't happen or the prices don't come in as expected, what would be the alternatives we should be looking at for those plants?
Paul Hanrahan: I think where we stand is we've put some bids out. We've gotten the indicative bids for now in discussions with a few of the parties. That's probably going to go on for several more months during their due diligence phase. So I think the idea that we'll have a better feel for this sometime in the middle of the year is probably about right. We, right now, believe it's very likely we're going to be able to sell these, sell the plants. In terms of what we do if for some reason we can't get that done, this would, I guess we could complete the settlement, flip back into continued operations. But it's our intent to sell these, just because we think that, just from an earnings standpoint, it's much more attractive to us.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And Paul, you mentioned and you reminded us that for DPL, you resumed the $0.05 to $0.07 of accretion in 2012. As you look beyond that, should we assume that's a good run rate to think about on an annual basis, 2013 and beyond? Well, in your mind, what could be some of the positives or negatives that could move that number from that '12 base?
Paul Hanrahan: Well, we're not going to be able to provide a whole lot of detail on the out years, because it's -- we don't give that kind of forward-looking guidance. But I do think we expect to see those margins to expand, and it really comes, I think, from just if you look at the forward curves for gas in the merchant pricing, we see some upside there. So we think -- we expect to see that number increase solely over time.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, and last question, more near term. Q1 on an adjusted basis, you were down about $0.06 year-over-year. Your guidance still has you up for the year. You highlighted the contribution from the new plants and construction, the New York plants not being in there, obviously, helps. Would you remind us are there other major deltas, positive or negative, to think about other than share count that drives the full year '11 versus '10 given how Q1 came out?
Andres Gluski: I think that there's -- one of the drivers is that we have a lot of major maintenance outages in the first half of the year. So as plants come fully online in the second half. So we have the new plants, and we'll have more of the existing plants coming online as well in the second half of the year, and it's also in keeping with our seasonality.
Victoria Harker: The only other piece I would add in this, more in terms of the timing is the cash receipt for some of the insurance proceeds. For example, we have the impact of the repair work, which was a hit to earnings in the first quarter, but has not yet received the business interruption insurance. So that will obviously flow through cash.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right, and the outages in the first half, even on planned outages, and these are greater this year than they were last year from a timing perspective?
Andres Gluski: Yes, they were. Basically, 2011, if you look at our maintenance CapEx, is a heavy year, and it's just when the plant came due.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Taddeo from Gleacher & Company.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: Just a quick follow-up question on your earlier comments on Eastern. Your comments on that you would likely sell this, do you -- would you think you're likely to be able to sell with this current structure in place, with the lease structure, or is it more likely to be sold having to sort of restructure that facility?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, probably can't comment on that. We're having those discussions right now at the various parties, and we're having those conversations with our lenders. So I really can't comment on that at this call.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: Then just on your comment on putting it back in continued ops? Should we read into that, that if it would have to be sold through some sort of restructuring, you'd rather put it back in operations and support it rather than to sell it through that fashion, or is that -- am I reading too much into that?
Victoria Harker: This is Victoria. I think Paul was just referring to the accounting treatment relative to our plants, if for some reason we run out of string on that. But as long as we're continuing the dialogue, I think that's the expectation.
Paul Hanrahan: Yes.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: And just one other one. Can you give us kind of where the negotiations stand with the banks and renewing those 2 facilities? And if there's anything borrowed under the facility including what the cash situation looks like there?
Paul Hanrahan: I just don't have the details on that, unfortunately.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: Do you know when the numbers will be published for Eastern? I think they're even lacking for fourth quarter. Do you know when those will be out?
Paul Hanrahan: I don't think we have the specifics. They should be out soon, but no particular details on the dates.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, I show no further questions. I'd like to turn it over to Paul Hanrahan.
Paul Hanrahan: Thanks, operator. Before we end this call, I'd just like to reiterate a few of the key points we have discussed. One, we're off to a good start to the year. The first quarter performed as expected. Our targets for the year continue to look good. Two, our construction program is progressing well with 1,700 megawatts coming online this year. And then third, liquidity remains strong. Even with the DPL transaction, we expect to be able to continue to grow in ways that our value will be accretive to our shareholders.  Thanks again for joining our call today. We look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day on May 19 in New York. Goodbye, have a good day. Thanks.
Operator: At this time, I would conclude today's conference. You may disconnect, and thank you for your attendance.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Hanrahan - Chief Executive Officer, President, Executive Director and Chairman of Finance & Investment Committee Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Andres Gluski - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Victoria Harker - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital Jason Mandel - Chapdelaine Jeffrey Rudner Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Ben Sung Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Now I'd like to introduce your host for today, Mr. Ahmed Pasha. Sir, you may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Chandra. And welcome to AES Corporation's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. We appreciate you being with us this morning. Joining me today are Paul Hanrahan, our President and CEO; Victoria Harker, our Chief Financial Officer; Andres Gluski, our Chief Operating Officer and other senior members of our management.  Before we begin our presentation, let me remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of these risks, we encourage you to read our documents on file with the SEC. Our presentation is being webcast and the slides are available on our website, which you can access at www.aes.com, under Investor Relations. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Paul Hanrahan, our CEO. Paul?
Paul Hanrahan: Okay. Thanks, Ahmed. And good morning to all of you joining us today. On this morning's call, I'll first comment on our performance for 2010, both from a financial and an operational viewpoint. Victoria will then review the financial performance for 2010, as well as our expectations for 2011 in more detail. Following her comments, I'll discuss our plans for allocating capital in 2011 in ways that we believe will increase the value of the company on a per-share basis.  First, our 2010 performance. I'm pleased to announce that we have achieved our 2010 guidance for all key metrics. We are at $0.94 a share of adjusted EPS, which was at the high-end of our guidance range of $0.90 to $0.95. Also our proportional free cash flow of $1.3 billion exceeded guidance by approximately $200 million. I think our results very simply reflect the fact that economic growth and power demand increases in some of the emerging markets in which we operate were stronger than anticipated, particularly in Asia and Latin America.  Power demand and improved operations in these two markets helped to offset the continued erosion of our profitability in North America, primarily driven by continued low gas-based electricity prices and high coal cost. Our financial results were also driven by strong operational performance, supported by the continued implementation of initiatives across our portfolio, including the global sourcing of solid fuels and freight, long-term service agreements, transformers and other major capital equipment. Our asset management program, which maximizes the efficiency of our capital expenditures also helped drive the strong performance for the year. In 2010, we also improved operating cash flows through strong collection rates and increased sales. For example, our Dominican Republic business benefited from new power purchase agreements and a high collection rate due to the receipt of past due government receivables.  In our Generation businesses, our fundamental metric to assess operational performance is the forced outage rate, which captures unplanned outage time at a plant. A lower outage rate is better as it results in higher profitability by increasing the ability to generate kilowatt hours and lowering unplanned maintenance cost. In 2010, our global forced outage rate improved to 4.3% from 7.3% in the prior year and was significantly below our five-year average of 5.9%. Much of this improvement can be traced to the performance turnarounds of the plants we acquired during the past few years, such as our coal-fired plants in the Philippines and Mexico. And this is one of our skill sets that gives us a unique competitive advantage in the marketplace.  In our Distribution businesses, a key indicator for operational efficiency is the ability to reduce non-technical losses or power which was supplied to final users but was never billed due to theft, fraud or billing system issues. As a result of the focused efforts in this area in 2010, non-technical losses declined to 3.1% from 3.4% in 2009, contributing to an improvement of 15% over the prior five-year average of 3.7%. The significant driver of this performance came from our Brazilian utility, Eletropaulo, through the use of new metering equipment, improved collection rates and customer connection activities. The results of these efforts can be seen in the operating cash flow trends for Latin America in 2010. Turning to the construction side of our portfolio. We brought approximately 800 megawatts on-line last year. We currently have just over 2,000 megawatts capacity under construction, of which 1,800 megawatts is expected to come on-line by the end of 2011, and over 95% of our current construction capacity is under long-term contract for its output. While construction milestones continue to be achieved, including the resumption of full activity in our Campiche plant in Chile, the strong performance has been somewhat dampened by continuing delays at our 670-megawatt coal-fired Maritza plant in Bulgaria.  As you will recall, we expected Maritza to be fully commissioned by year-end 2010. To date, however, we have not achieved commercial operations at Maritza. The ongoing delays in terms of reaching full commercial operations have also resulted in a dispute with our EPC contractor, who was late in delivering the completed plant. Resolution and mitigation of the impacts of this delay are a top management priority for us in 2011. And once we resolve the legal and technical issues and the plant is fully operational, it should be expected to have $0.105 per share per year on a steady-state basis.  Beyond Maritza, we also have another 1,100 megawatts of capacity projected to come on-line during 2011, primarily in Latin America, and all these projects are progressing well in terms of meeting their schedules. This includes our 500-megawatt Angamos coal plant in Northern Chile, which is the location of much of the country's copper mining operations. We've already achieved full load operations on Unit 1 and are progressing rapidly in commissioning of Unit 2. This puts us on track to meet our target of finishing the project during the second half of 2011. Additionally, our 220-megawatt Changuinola hydroelectric project in Panama has completed the tunneling required for the powerhouse, and the construction of the dam itself is approximately 80% complete. We expect the Changuinola project to be completed by its guaranteed completion date, which will occur in the second half of 2011. Also we have 150 megawatts of Wind Generation capacity in the California and PJM markets that will be completed by the end of 2011.  Finally, I'm extremely pleased to confirm that we have cleared all remaining permitting hurdles with respect to our 270-megawatt Campiche coal-fired project in Chile. In January of this year, the Supreme Court of Chile upheld the ruling of the appeals court with regards to the validity of Campiche's construction permits. This action removed the last obstacle, and we have resumed full activity and expect to complete the project in early 2013.  Now I'll turn the call over to Victoria, who will discuss the 2010 financial results and 2011 expectations. Victoria?
Victoria Harker: Thanks, Paul. And good morning, everyone. As Paul mentioned, we delivered on all aspects of our 2010 guidance. Our fourth quarter results were slightly above our expectations, including full year results at or above the high of most guidance metrics. Cash flow, in particular, came in very strong, driven by better-than-expected performance in our Latin American Generation segment and a non-recurring receivable collection there.  Our results, compared to 2009, also reflects improved trends. Demand in Asia, particularly in the Philippines and Latin America remained strong, while helping to offset continued deterioration of dark spreads in North America. Now let's discuss results for the fourth quarter in greater detail, starting with the most significant drivers affecting gross margin. Higher volumes at our Generation businesses in Latin America, particularly in central Chile and Panama, is the key driver of our improved earnings in the fourth quarter in comparison to the same period last year. Chile's volumes improved as demand returned to its robust pre-earthquake level. As a reminder, immediately after the earthquake last February, volume had declined by 10% from the prior year. Recovery was relatively quick and sustained as demonstrated by our fourth quarter results where demand increased by 1.9% compared to third quarter of this year, and is up fully 6.6% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. Panama experienced record rainfalls this quarter, which enabled higher volume at our businesses there. In addition, our recently acquired business in Northern Ireland began to contribute earnings. Foreign exchange was not a material driver of earnings growth compared to 2009. Our consolidated gross margin was just over $1 billion, an increase of $197 million or 24% relative to 2009. This increase is driven mostly by the Latin American volume increases I just described. On a proportional basis, we earned $550 million of gross margin an increase of $86 million or 19% over 2009.  In the fourth quarter, diluted EPS from continuing operations was a loss of $0.56. This was the result of $0.76 impact of long-lived asset impairment losses, primarily related to our merchant businesses in New York and Texas. These non-cash impairments are the results of the same trends we've been discussing over the past few earnings call, the compression of merchant margins due to low electricity prices, driven by low natural gas, combined with higher coal and petcoke costs.  In the fourth quarter, based on recent legislative and regulatory activities, we also refined our outlook relative to the expectations for our New York and Texas generation plants, which required us to write down the full value of those long-lived assets. Excluding the impact of these impairments, adjusted EPS was $0.23, an increase of $0.02 over 2009. This favorability reflects the positive gross margin trends I just discussed, as well as the December renewal of a favorable U.S. income tax law relating to the treatment of cash dividends from certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries. This renewal lowered our full year tax provision as we had originally projected. Now let's discuss cash flow. On a consolidated basis, our operating cash flow increased $773 million from last year to $1.1 billion, an increase of $410 million on a proportional basis. It is important to note that the fourth quarter of 2009 included a one-time tax payment of $326 million at one of our businesses in Brazil. Excluding this payment in 2009, our cash flow showed healthy year-over-year growth of $447 million on a consolidated basis and $357 million on a proportional basis. This was driven by favorable gross margin and lower working capital requirements in Latin America, which was the result of higher collections in the Dominican Republic, as well as regulatory asset recoveries in Brazil. These events in the Dominican Republic and Brazil are not expected to recur in 2011. Similarly, consolidated free cash flow increased by $653 million to $785 million for the quarter, driven mostly by the same factors I just discussed. On a proportional basis, our free cash flow increased $324 million to $374 million. Now turning to our Parent Company Liquidity. Our Parent liquidity of $1.8 billion is down $260 million versus the third quarter of 2010, and year-over-year has increased $579 million over December 31, 2009. During the quarter, liquidity benefited by $333 million from a combination of the proceeds from the sale of our Qatar business in October, as well as subsidiary distributions, net of corporate overhead and interest expense.  We talked last quarter about our capital allocation policy. In the fourth quarter we continued to operate within this same framework. We redeemed the remaining $294 million of senior secured second priority notes, and we repurchased $84 million of AES stock at an average price of $12.26. We also renewed our repurchase program at the end of the year to ensure that we can continue to leverage this value driver through 2011. Finally, we invested $244 million in various construction and development projects.  In summary, we exited 2010 with positive momentum based on the initiatives that are continuing into 2011. Now I'll spend a few minutes on our guidance for the year ahead. For the next 12 months, our adjusted EPS guidance is $1.08 to $1.14, which represents earnings growth of 15% to 21% over 2010 actuals. This growth is driven by several factors. First, earnings from new plants completing construction in 2011, as well as the Ballylumford acquisition contribute $0.17 of incremental earnings. Second, we have $0.06 of incremental interest savings from the nearly $1 billion of Parent Company debt that was retired in 2010. Third, we have favorable operations, driven primarily by the strong demand growth in Latin America. Partially damping this momentum is the unfavorable movement in tax rate, a higher share count and foreign currency. Lastly, we benefited in 2010 by $0.06 from withholding tax reversal at one of our subsidiaries in Chile, which will not recur in 2011. In addition to comparing our results to 2010, I also want to briefly explain the major drivers of change versus the $1.04 to $1.07 range we discussed on the third quarter call. Since then, we have removed the negative impact of AES Eastern Energy in New York and adjusted for lower depreciation expense at Deepwater in Texas for a benefit of $0.11. In addition, a change in the 2011 projected effective tax rate yielded a $0.05 improvement.  Partially offsetting these positive drivers is the construction delay at Maritza and the impact from a loss of earnings from our coal-fired plant in Connecticut, Thames, which entered reorganization earlier this year. The year-over-year trend for cash flow guidance requires a bit more explanation as it does not follow the same trajectory as adjusted EPS. Our 2011 proportional free cash guidance range is $900 million to $1.1 billion, a decrease of approximately $300 million from 2010 levels. However, please remember that 2010 actual results included several large non-recurring items such as the receivable collections in the DR, which boosted cash flow on a one-time basis. Therefore, it’s perhaps fair to look at the trajectory since 2008, a proportion of free cash flow which has grown by 29%. Further evidence of continued strong underlying operations is our 2011 subsidiary distribution guidance of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. The midpoint of this range is higher than 2010 actuals. As you may recall from our prior calls, over the past year, we focused on several key assessments of our support costs, given that we've now moved to much greater stability and rationalization of our corporate systems and platforms. These reviews highlighted some quick hits, as well as some longer-term projects that will require additional automation and process improvements. We've moved out quickly on efficiency initiatives ranging from leveraging share buying power for commodity purchases across the portfolio, generating significant savings on our $2 billion annual spend.  In addition, similar efforts in hardware and software purchases combined to save us nearly $10 million. Enhanced inventory and plant maintenance management across the merchant flea also enabled us to save nearly $25 million in 2010, at a time when the rising cost of fuel squeezed margins there. Likewise, our increased focus on greater automation, shared-service environments and audit reductions in finance and IT saved another $11 million year-over-year. Also, these efforts permanently lowered the AES cost of providing power wherever we operate. Some of these cost savings benefit us directly at the business unit operating level in the cost of sales, while others reduce our support costs at corporate and the regions in SG&A. In 2011, we will be continuing with these initiatives, and I look forward to sharing our progress on them in the months to follow.  In summary, operations continue to execute well, and market demand is increasing in select markets, positioning us well to deliver earnings growth in 2011. In addition, our balance sheet remains strong, allowing us to invest in the best available options, ranging from stock repurchase, debt retirement, investments in M&A or Greenfield development.  With that, let me turn it back over to Paul to provide additional commentary on 2011 and capital allocations. Paul?
Paul Hanrahan: Thanks. As Victoria just mentioned, we ended the year with liquidity of $1.8 billion, of which just over $1.1 billion was in the form of cash. In terms of allocating that capital, we'll continue to do so in ways that we believe will create the most value per share for our shareholders.  In 2010, we reduced our debt by approximately $900 million. And since launching our stock buyback program, we've invested $116 million to date by repurchasing 9.7 million shares at an average price of $11.93 per share. Share purchases will remain an important tool to increase shareholder value. We also invested in 1,625 megawatts of generating capacity through acquisitions in addition to the nearly 800 megawatts of capacity that was brought on-line as plants completed construction. Nevertheless, our stock price did not move to reflect the value that we think is inherent in our portfolio businesses, and none of us at AES are satisfied with the performance of our stock in 2010. We're committed to pulling all the levers that we can to return value to shareholders.  It's worth noting that we have shifted to a more focused approach to making new investments. There are a number of very attractive markets around the globe today, but we will be concentrating our efforts in those markets where we see the greatest long-term value creation potential for AES. We believe that this will also move to reduce some of the complexity in our portfolio, which may also be one of the factors weighing on our stock price.  As we look forward to 2011, we'll continue to approach allocating capital in ways that make the most sense from a shareholder value standpoint. But with some additional portfolio management opportunities that might exist, these would only increase the financial flexibility that we have to allocate to debt and stock buybacks, as well as value-accretive new investments. I'll now talk about a few of the areas where we see the potential for value-accretive investments in 2011. In Southeast Asia, our 1,200-megawatt Greenfield coal plant in Vietnam has achieved significant milestones. Last week, we signed a turnkey EPC agreement with Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction, and we executed documentation for the sale of a 49% interest in the project to POSCO Power in Korea and China Investment Corporation or CIC [ph] of 15% of the shares of AES. This sale will not only added value to strategic partners with significant presence in Asia, but also enhances our return on investment and demonstrates a significant value added during the Greenfield development process.  In addition to confirming the value that AES creates to Greenfield development, it represents an excellent example of, and a template for, cooperation on future development opportunities. Strong partners like POSCO and CIC are important to AES' growth strategy. In many markets, it's a competitive differentiator that will allow us to earn attractive returns in the face of what can be a very competitive market for new power development and acquisitions.  In Turkey, another market of interest to us, the upcoming privatization process affords us a valuable opportunity to develop a pipeline of projects in concert with Koc Holding, another key strategic partner for AES. As Turkey's largest conglomerate, Koc Holding represents approximately 7% of the Turkey's GDP. This well-respected company owns a broad range of businesses, including various industrial, mining and refinery businesses. Once approved by the authorities in Turkey, this partnership will be anchored by Koc's 300-megawatt natural gas facilities, which will be transferred to the joint venture, as well as some hydro plants owned by AES. In addition to partnership, we'll diversify its other energy sources, coal, hydroelectric, wind, as well as natural gas, by pursuing Greenfield projects and acquisitions, including those associated with Turkey's plan to privatize 15 gigawatts of generation assets. In these efforts, the joint venture will benefit from AES' global development and operations experience. And from Koc's market strength and local energy sector insight, we see a lot of potential in the Turkish power market. GDP is expected to grow between 4.5% to 5% and to help to meet this growth in what is currently an underserved market. System capacity is projected to increase its current 46 gigawatts to approximately 59 gigawatts, about a 5% increase per year through 2015. In addition, the privatization will put 15 gigawatts of generation capacity on the market in two phases.  It's worth noting the benefits of privatizations for AES are twofold. First, we've demonstrated multiple times that we have unique skill set in terms of upgrading or turning around the operations of privatized assets. And second, the near-term earnings profile for acquisitions are more attractive than Greenfield investments.  And in another market of interest to us, India, we've made progress in several fronts. We signed a long-term PPA for 50% of the output of our 1,300-megawatt OPGC coal-fired expansion project in the state of Orissa. In addition, AES Solar signed a PPA and closed on debt financing for our 5-megawatt solar photovoltaic project in the state of Rajasthan. And finally, we achieved financial closing and commenced construction on our 39-megawatt wind project in Gujarat. Commercial operations of this wind plant is expected in the third quarter. Each of these projects is a testament of not only the immense market potential in India, but also our ability to capitalize on our position in the country to execute across diverse technologies we have expertise globally. And finally, I'd like to mention our solar joint venture with Riverstone. AES Solar delivered a strong performance in 2010. As of the end of last year, AES had invested $323 million into this venture. For 2011, we anticipate that the solar JV will complete construction on 125 megawatts of projects, of which 58 megawatts are already under construction. We also expect the JV will commence construction on an additional 200 megawatts. And its development pipeline has grown rapidly to over 1,000 megawatts and spanned six countries. We're very pleased with how things are going with this business.  In conclusion, we start 2011 in a very strong position to increase the value of the company. We have a strong balance sheet, with adequate liquidity, and growing free cash flow. In addition, we have strong strategic partners in key areas of future growth for us. And most importantly, we are committed to delivering near-term returns to our shareholders. We think the value exists in our portfolio of businesses in operation, construction and development, and we intend to convert that value into returns to you.  I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today. And we now look forward to any questions that you might have. Chandra, could you please open up the lines?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Brian Russo of Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Can you talk a little bit more about what options are available for you with the Eastern Energy assets?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, with the Eastern energy assets, what we're looking to do is to sell those assets. The main reason for doing that is we think there's value in those assets, and just because of the earnings profile that we don't think it's going to make sense for us or another public company to be owning those assets. But we do think that there are people out there that see the value potential, and we've seen that in another market transactions. We think we might get better value for it if we were to transact and put that out on the market. So we're in the process now of marketing those assets, and as we move forward, we'd be able to update you on that.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: And it looks like on the commodity sensitivities for 2011, it appears to be a little bit more modest than, I think, the sensitivities we saw in the past. Is that just a function of you got more of your generation edge?
Victoria Harker: No, it just reflects the fact that we don't have Eastern flowing through in terms of the portfolio impacts. But we have no additional hedging.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: And just how is the Newcastle coal recent price shrink? How is that impacting your Philippines assets?
Paul Hanrahan: In terms of our Philippines asset, we're looking at getting coal from Indonesia and Australia. So in terms of the price spike that we saw last month, we're seeing prices return to normal.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: And the Maritza, when is the revised commercial operation date for that?
Paul Hanrahan: I have Andres Gluski, our Chief Operating Officer. He could provide a little bit more detail on what's happening there.
Andres Gluski: Sure, I'll give you perhaps a little bit background first. The EPC contract on December of last year issued a notice of dispute, alleging the lignite that had been supplied for commissioning without a specification. And therefore entitled to an extension of time to complete the power plant and an increase in the contract price and other relief. In January of this year, the EPC contractor advised Maritza that has stopped commissioning on the power plant's two units and initiated arbitration of this alleged lignite claims. Now Maritza disputes that the lignite is out of specifications and intends to defend the arbitration and assert counter claims for the delay of liquidated damages and other relief related to the contractor's failure to complete the power plant and other breaches of the EPC contract. In terms of the power plant itself today, we expect to start selling energy at 2/3 capacity, about 420 megawatts during the second quarter. This, of course, will depend on discussions that we have with the lenders, with NEK, and with the EPC contractor. And we expect to reach the full load of 600 net megawatts by the end of the year.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: And I think you mentioned $0.10 of annual earnings contribution once that asset is on-line for full year?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, that's correct.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Is there anything in your 2011 guidance for a partial year?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, $0.105 would be a full year, and for this year we built in roughly $0.04 into the projections. That's what's built into the guidance. Because as Andrés said, we wouldn't be operating at full load for part of the year and get a commission by the end of it. But we think we'd end up with -- subject to getting everything resolved on a technical legal front, probably about $0.04 a year. We think that's a reasonable expectation.
Operator: Our next question today is from Ali Agha of SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: In the slide, I believe it was 13, where you lay out your sort of the waterfall slide between '10 and '11. I was curious, where does the Eastern roughly $0.12 of loss elimination -- where does that show up? I didn't see that in that slide.
Victoria Harker: That's been pulled out. That was what we had originally projected prior. And now we have no expectations on having those losses this year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Understood. So where do you demonstrate that in this slide, that those losses are no longer going to be there? That's an incremental $0.12 of earnings, right? In '11 versus '10?
Ahmed Pasha: Ali, this is Ahmed. I think in 2010, it was essentially breakeven, if you wish, about $0.02, I think. It was breakeven. And in '11, there is essentially $0.10 losses we discussed in our last call. But I think you don't see that because we have assumed in our '11 guidance that Eastern is discontinued.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So in '10 it was, Ahmed you said, breakeven or plus or minus?
Ahmed Pasha: I think it was roughly $0.02, $0.01 or $0.02, something in that range.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And also to be clear, you said you want to sell the plant, you have that process ongoing. From an accounting perspective, is this going to be reported as a discontinued operation or an asset held for sale? Or how is the accounting treatment going to go this year?
Victoria Harker: Ali, this is Victoria. The expectation is that as we go down this process of the sale, in concert with our auditor are marking certain milestones, and it would be recorded as discontinued operations, which would get grandfathered back to the beginning part of this year. But we are still continuing to go down that path and make sure that we hit all the milestones.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And on a different note, Victoria, you talked about some cost reduction initiatives, et cetera. Just want to be clear, I mean, one of the areas that we have seen a pretty big ramp up has been your corporate SG&A expense. If you go back to '06, for example, it's gone significantly up to where it was in '10. What is a good run rate for that going forward, and should we expect that the trend down, '11 onwards?
Victoria Harker: The corporate SG&A is essentially flat at this point, minus about 2% increase relative to our people cost. I think the thing that requires a little bit more detail of discussion, and we were happy to help with this is the mapping of cost of sale reduction in SG&A. Cost of sale is SG&A that's held in the businesses. So as we've moved, for example, certain organizations from the businesses to the corporate SG&A line, it reflects an increase in SG&A that's not increasing costs per se. For example, we've had business development that's moved from the specific businesses to the regions in corporate, same thing, with the finance functions that moved to the hub, so we can walk you through the detail in terms of which will remap. But we've also had real increases in some of the costs around our business development over the last 12 months.
Paul Hanrahan: Ali, just comment on that quickly. You pick up on the same thing that we did, which was that we have to ramp up the corporate SG&A. And partly, if you go back several years ago with restatements that we had put in systems in place and control systems to make sure we got our financials done timely and accurately, and I think we've done a good job of that. But a lot of that has been done manually. What we want to do now is start to automate that and make it more efficient because we believe we can do this at a much lower cost. And it's probably going to be about a three-year program to start working the costs out. I can't give you a number now because we really want to fine tune that a bit more. But maybe in the next call or so, by midyear, we should have a pretty good handle on how much we think we can take out and when it would come out. We don't think there's going to be much room in this year's numbers. We'll probably start to see some improvements, which will drive earnings growth beginning in 2011 in a meaningful way. Because we think this could be, for the next two to three years, another driver to earnings growth for the company.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And Paul, of that cash that you currently have on the balance sheet, how much would you say is sort of excess cash that you would like to invest or spend, whether its buybacks or new projects? And you talked about the capital allocation, I want to come back on that again. I mean, since the last time you gave us your share buyback count, I think it was at the end of the third quarter call, it was at the end of October. Incrementally, if my math is right, you spent another $26 million since then for buybacks. So I'm just curious how that is being factored into the capital allocation as we look into 2011? And I'm assuming, your guidance does not assume any more buybacks in that EPS range?
Paul Hanrahan: You're correct. Guidance doesn't assume anymore buybacks. But then, if you think about that $1.1 billion of cash, I would say, we'd really look at almost all of that being available for ways to allocate to productive investments over the next -- I mean, some it's already going to be committed for things that are in the works. The others would be really competing against each other for uses of capital. So the new investments we talked about, also stock buybacks, I think they're both going to be things that we would be doing on a regular basis. I think the other part of it is that it's also -- we've seen some cases a good market for portfolio management for selling assets. And that might give us some additional capital that we think we could deploy if we have good investments to trade into, or the stock price remains at the levels it is, it would be another attractive way to use that capital.
Operator: Our next question is from Gregg Orrill of Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more detail on the privatizations upcoming in Turkey, and what you're looking for there if there is a tranche coming due soon that we should be watching?
Paul Hanrahan: I think there's several groups of assets that will be coming up for sale. And I think we and Koc have identified several that we think could be attractive for us to invest in that they know reasonably well that we're learning more about. The timing of this is a little bit unclear. I think it could begin as early as the latter part of 2011, maybe towards the fourth quarter. The exact time, of course, can move around a little bit. But you’d start -- I think, expect to see things happening around then or early 2012. I think in the meantime though, there are probably some one-off assets that we might have an interest in, in Turkey to just start building that portfolio of businesses. I think we're very well aligned in terms of how we think about the business, the kinds of returns we're looking for that we think it could be attractive. And I think the competitors out there, we and Koc together are a pretty formidable force.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Chin of Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Can you give a little bit more color on how and when the upcoming Brazilian tariff review cycle will affect Eletropaulo's outlook.
Paul Hanrahan: This is one of Andres' areas of expertise, so I'll let him talk that through.
Andres Gluski: Sure. We'll as you know, ANEEL came out with a new methodology proposal beginning of this year. I think the key elements are the WAC determining their regulatory asset base using a reference company and the x efficiency factor. This has basically gone for review. It's currently under discussions between ABRADEE, which is the Association of all the electric sector company, and ANEEL. And I don't think that you'll have a sort of final determination on that until the sort of fourth quarter. So I don't think it's going to have a major impact this year. I think we're all waiting to sort of see how the WAC turns out. I mean, under the old methodology, the WAC would be about 8.06. And the first proposal that's come back from ANEEL is 7.15. So I think that, again, is in negotiations, and we have to see where this turns out, and another factors as well. So what I am certain is that by the end of the year, I think we will have a resolution to this. And most likely, will be somewhere between the old and the initial proposal. And this is nothing new. We always go through this different year. And then finally, once that's determined, then you have Eletropaulo and ANEEL specific discussions regarding asset base and other things.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: When would Eletropaulo's discussions with ANEEL come up? If I understand it right, it's the fourth group or the third group, that's going to be reviewed. So could you give us a better sense of timing on that?
Andres Gluski: It should be December.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: It going to be in December of 2011?
Andres Gluski: Of 2011, that's correct. And [ph] as you know, which we own in the south, its cycle is in 2013, April of 2013.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: And then lastly, what is the rate base equivalent for Eletropaulo, just as a refresher?
Andres Gluski: Rate base equivalent?
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Or rate base that we would apply that --
Paul Hanrahan: Just sort of the dollar value there, the Brazilian real value of the rate base?
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Yes.
Paul Hanrahan: I think we're going to have to get back to you on that, we're unsure of that.
Andres Gluski: Yes, I mean that has to be again specifically the regulatory asset base if that's what you're referring to?
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Right.
Andres Gluski: Yes, that's part of the discussions at the end. I believe it's somewhere around BRM 9 billion that we're talking about.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: BRM 9 billion?
Andres Gluski: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Maura Shaughnessy of MFS Investment Management.
Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management: A couple of questions, two for Chile and two for Brazil. First in terms of Chile, I was wondering if given the hydrology situation in the South, and I don't think the government has definitely put in rationing yet, but perhaps may. I was wondering where AES Gener is in terms of its contracting situation, and if it could potentially benefit from a tightening market? And the second question is, with some of the new environmental controls on emissions there, I think there's a three-year timeline to put in -- to lower emissions by 50%. What sort of capital requirements are required at AES Gener?
Andres Gluski: Okay, sure. This is Andres. First, about the tightening market. Yes, this year, we have a La Nina phenomenon, and it's the seventh driest year in the last 40. So on February 17, the government came out with a decree, which sort of had three elements. First would be to save approximately 500 gigawatts hours of water equivalent. So what they're asking is the generators to dispatch, and then there'll be a netting effect from basically using a higher cost generation, specifically saving that water. The second part of the decree was to have the ability to lower voltage between 5% and 10% as needed. And the third will be some sort of consumer saving initiatives. Regarding Gener, we are pretty much contracted. We have the ability to meet the requirement -- our contract with what we call the efficient generation. But in addition, we have generation, which are at our older coal plant, which can be used to dispatch above this. So Gener is well placed for this drought, in terms of its contract and in terms of its generation capacity. Regarding the second part of your question, Maura, in terms of the new environmental rules which have come out, I think, what's important is first is that the new requirements do not apply to Campiche or Angamos because they were under construction prior to the new decree coming out. So that's I think important, and that will give us an advantage. The decree also differentiates between, of course, new plants and existing plants. And there is a time period for putting in the new emission reductions equipment that is needed. Sort of a ballpark figure for Gener right now would be around $200 million basically SGDs that would be necessary, for example, on Guacolda, and some of the unscrubbed plants that we have. But all the new plants that we have in place are coming in within the midst for existing plants under construction.
Maura Shaughnessy - MFS Investment Management: And then jumping to Brazil, first question on the Brasiliana situation. As I understand it, some of the Board members of BNDS maybe changed out next month. And then potentially, even by this summer, given all the checks that BNDS has written to for other areas and other projects, the potential sale may actually occur, but that's just me pontificating. I have no idea. So maybe if you have any comments on that? And the second question is vis-à-vis the review for Eletropaulo that Brian was asking about in terms of the third cycle, I guess the thing that bothered me about what came out in September was the chance that on a volume and efficiency basis, that would be taken away each year in the first time methodology. But as I understand it, in the concessions, the x factors can't be changed. They can only be done cycle-to-cycle versus on a yearly basis. So that would actually be pretty positive news to the distribution companies, it would seem. And the rate of return is what it is, and I guess they made some mistakes by not including FX risks and some of the debt cost seems kind of bizarre. So that there's a chance that the 7.15 goes up 7.5 to 8, or whatever. But I was just wondering if any specific on the x factor and that the chance of that gets thrown out?
Andres Gluski: Regarding sort of the first part of the question, sort of Brasiliana and the changes. As you know, BNDS is very stable, long-lived institution, carries a lot of weight in Brazil, and we're in constant talks with them. We're partners at the Brasiliana level, and we've done a number of operations jointly that have been very good for both of us. And, for example, we cleared the SEB debt default last year, and so we're in good standing with them. So again, I think this is institutional as I expect to continue its current policies. I really don't have additional insight in terms of if they would decide to make any changes there. I think regarding the comments of the FX, the efficiency factor, the x factor, I agree with you. I think an important element here -- this is under a lot of debate with ABRADEE, is whether you could change the x factor into a yearly cycle, and this would have a significant difference. We think that it should remain on a three-year cycle. And also I agree with your comments regarding the WAC, that it's very likely that in these discussions there must be some allowance made for FX and other risk factors in that WAC. So regarding both, I tend to agree with your view. But of course, this will depend on the discussions between ABRADEE and the public hearing and ANEEL. And we will know in the following month. It's not just an Eletropaulo factor or a [ph] factor.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Taddeo of Gleacher.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: I just want to follow up quickly on AES Eastern. I was wondering if you could comment if you're -- are you having any discussions with the banks there, and what I'm going with that is, your comments on the asset sale, with the two facilities maturing in July, do you expect that this will be resolved, by I guess, before that point? Or do you think this could be actually thrown to the second half of 2011.
Paul Hanrahan: Ned Hall, he heads up North America, he’s the closest to it, he could comment on that.
Ned Hall: Brian, the process is ongoing. And the time to conclude it, by the end of this year, we should get a first round of indicatives between now and July. So depending on how that goes, we may be in a position to comment.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: And then just kind of following up on that, what's your expectation of having to get the bondholders involved in an asset sale process? Do you need any consent, or do you can do outside of bondholders [ph]?
Ned Hall: Well, it depends on how it's done, but if we need consents, then we'll go get them.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: And then just one more, still on Eastern. Can you just update us or remind me actually the sort of hedge situation there? Are there any power or whole hedges left within the book? And then also just on the rail transport situations, is there a long-term agreement still there? Is that rolled off as well or that's being renewed as well?
Ned Hall: There's some legacy hedges, a small amount of hedges that are still rolling through. But just based on the lack of availability of hedges that make sense having to continue to hedge. And the rail transport agreements are not long term.
Brian Taddeo - Broadpoint Capital: You mean, they're expiring sometime in '11 or have already expired and now your [ph] market rates?
Ned Hall: I don't have the dates. So I'll have to get back to you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Sung of Luminus Management.
Ben Sung: I was going to ask about AES Eastern as well. I think in the past, you have talked about wanting to resolve this over 2011. And then from a cash flow perspective, it kind of made a lot of sense. With changes in commodity prices, does that change the timing of when you guys think that you guys will or will want to make some decisions around the assets? Or how do you think about that right now?
Victoria Harker: Let me just answer first, from the impairment standpoint, obviously we had to look out a couple of years in terms of the curves. And so that's what triggers the fourth quarter just in terms of the analysis that we just took down. I think obviously that flows through economically in terms of how we look out the strategic process in terms of the disposition of the asset as well. And I'm sure Ned can probably speak to that as well.
Ned Hall: The timing on the decision as we've already stated, as you stated, is to get it done this year with the indicatives due on the near term. The facility does have a six-month debt service reserve available so that, that will assist with cash flow and also is sitting on significant cash at this point based on positive results from last year with its hedges. But we had a dividend block in place for the coverages. The timing on -- We think we can get the process run, but obviously without hedges and without additional cash that's in the business. But obviously, it's very volatile at the moment. There's a lot of movement as you're well aware in commodity prices, and that changes day-to-day. So we obviously watch that, and we'll adjust accordingly.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Mandel from RBC.
Jason Mandel - Chapdelaine: Just again on AES Eastern, can you discuss if there's any complications with regard to the sale of the assets due to the lease structure, not necessarily just the debt in place with the fact that it is a lease structure and a tax recapture and other issues that may come of that in unwinding lease? And also exactly where the banks sit in that power part of the capital structure, and what they are collateralized by?
Ned Hall: There's probably a very detailed answer to the collateral that I won't be able to give at this point, but we can provide later. But the banks are collateralized by the assets at Cayuga and Somerset and the cash flows out of the remaining businesses. The tax recapture will obviously be dependent upon the individual owners, including us, but I can't comment on the others or even us at this point. But that will obviously be a complication when it comes to the lease. And I certainly would agree with your statement that the lease complicates this significantly as we step through the process.
Jason Mandel - Chapdelaine: And just a quickly follow up on the banks, given the LCs that are drawn and the July termination, is it expected that those LCs will be ultimately cash collateralized?
Ned Hall: The business has the cash it needs at the moment to do what it needs to do in terms of being able to sell power forward on a short-term basis and buy coal. So that would be the plan when the LCs expire is to use the cash that the businesses have.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Rudner from UBS.
Jeffrey Rudner: Paul, question on the longer-term basis. You fairly clearly indicated that you're expectations are for 2011. But looking forward on a, say, three to five-year basis, what is your vision as to what we should look for, for earnings growth in the company?
Paul Hanrahan: I think we're not going to use specific numbers here, but we may over time give a little bit more of a further lookout, but it's really going to be the plants in construction coming on-line. That's the big driver. We're going to see some earnings growth there. I think that the next piece is when we talk a bit about answering all these questions about the costs, we see some room to continue move the costs down on a corporate basis. It's run up quite a bit, which we had to do to put the systems in place, but we can become a lot more efficient there. So that provides another couple of year’s worth of growth on that front. And then I think we've got $1.1 billion of cash sitting around doing very little, which we want to deploy, and that's got value if you deploy that, let's say, you take that and get a 12% return on your earnings, sort of like $132 million, that's over $0.10 a share of earnings if you deploy for stock buybacks depending on price of which you buy back. They could also be accretive. So you've also got that element to it, and we have liquidity beyond that. And I think the other part of the earnings growth really comes from is we've thought about really over the past several months, where we want to focus is I said, there are really lot of unique markets out there. We can't compete in all of them. And we've started to really select the ones we want to put the most effort, and I think what you see over time is we're starting to manage the portfolio to take some of those assets, sell them down where there's not a whole lot more value we can add in markets that might not be strategic and investing that in some markets where we could get returns that are above our cost of capital. And I think by having a global portfolio like we do, that gives us the ability to go out and do some more things without having to go out and tap the capital markets again for new equity, and I think that's important. So I think you could see another four to five years of good earnings growth, and that's what we're really trying to work through as we think about the various options we have to invest, to buy back stock, to reduce debt, to swap assets. It could create some interesting opportunities for us combined with the ability to go out and reduce costs in a pretty significant way.
Victoria Harker: And I think just as a parallel to Paul's statement, I think it's also for the reasons he's articulated in terms of the asset sale, it's important to -- you need to focus on the cash growth, and we just saw with the Middle East asset sale, 20%-plus kinds of returns on those on our equity investment. And that's increased our cash growth, obviously, that would take earnings out of the portfolio temporarily until they're replaced. So that's another important metric for us, is the cash growth, as well as the earnings.
Ahmed Pasha: Chandra, can we take the last question, please?
Operator: We have no further questions, sir.
Ahmed Pasha: Good. Well, thank you, all, again for attending this morning. If you have any question, please feel free to call either Chris Fitzgerald or myself. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha – VP, IR Paul Hanrahan – President and CEO Victoria Harker – EVP and CFO Andrés Gluski – EVP, COO and Acting President, Europe, Middle East and Asia Ned Hall – EVP, Regional President for North America and Chairman Global Wind Generation and Energy Storage Prabu Natarajan – VP, Tax
Analysts: Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Maura Shaughnessy – MFS Edwin Shen – Ivory Capital Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies
Operator:  Welcome to the AES Corporation third quarter earnings call, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference.  (Operator Instructions) Also, at this time, I would like to inform all parties that today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ahmed Pasha. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Ahmed Pasha:  Thank you, Catharine, and welcome to AES Corporation's third quarter earnings call. We appreciate you being with us this morning. Joining me today are Paul Hanrahan, our President and CEO; Victoria Harker, our Chief Financial Officer; and Andrés Gluski, our Chief Operating Officer and other senior members of our management. Before we begin our presentation, let me remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of these risks, we encourage you to read our documents on file with the SEC. Our presentation is being webcast and the slides are available on our website, which you can access at www.aes.com, under Investor Relations. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Paul Hanrahan, our CEO.
Paul Hanrahan:  Thanks, Ahmed, and good morning to all of you joining us today. Today, I'll briefly comment on our financial performance for the year-to-date numbers. I'll then give an update on our construction pipeline which will be delivering additional cash flow in earnings next year. In addition, both Victoria and I will comment on how we're thinking about allocating capital between our various investment opportunities including our own stock and debt securities. First, our year-to-date operating performance. Overall we earned $0.68 of adjusted EPS in the first three quarters of 2010. At the same time last year, we earned $0.85 a share, although this included $0.17 a share of one-time payments in 2009. These included earn-out payment associated with the sale of our Kazakhstan asset and a settlement of our gas powered plant in Spain. So excluding those one-time payments, our performance was essentially constant on a year-to-year comparison basis. The reality is that the underlying performance of our business improved a lot in 2010 and those improvements were needed to overcome the significant negative effects of lower dark spreads in the U.S. as well as a higher book income tax rate. In order to understand the underlying performance of our business better, it's useful to think about all big categories that have impacted our performance to date relative to last year. These being, one, operations and FX primarily resulting from the strong performance of businesses in Latin America and Asia; two, commodity prices which includes the impacts of lower dark spreads in the U.S.; three, a higher share count associated with building up a cash balance for new investment opportunities; and four, a higher book tax rate. We compared 2010 to 2009; there was an improvement of $0.17 from our underlying operations and FX, which by the way I netted out the increased BD expenses if you look at slide 17. This positive performance completely overcame the negative variances we experienced, those being $0.07 from commodities, lower dark spreads, $0.08 from higher share count and $0.02 from a tax rate. And even with the negative impacts of lower margins in our U.S. merchant businesses, our strong operating performance did result in increased proportional free cash flow on year-to-date basis allowing us to deliver $970 million of proportional free cash flow to date, which is $127 million or 15% higher than the same period last year.  So despite the compression in U.S. dark spreads, we've been able to meet our targets for both earnings and cash flow. Now, I'll turn over the call to Victoria who will discuss our performance for the financials in more detail.
Victoria Harker:  Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. As you've heard, the third quarter was in line with our expectations. Proportional gross margin rose 2% attributable to higher volume in North America, high volume and rates in Asia, as well as favorable foreign exchange, primarily in Brazil. Cash flow is relatively flat this quarter versus the same period in 2009, but has increased when you consider the businesses sold earlier this year. Adjusted EPS of $0.20, declined by $0.04, mostly driven by a higher share count. Adjusting to this, adjusted EPS is in line with last year, which is no small feat given commodity price moves and slower than expected economic recovery in some global markets. Now, let's discuss the results for the third quarter in greater detail, starting with the most significant drivers affecting gross margins.  Our trends this quarter are similar to what we've seen in the prior two quarters. Economic expansion in Asia and Latin America continued to spur power demand growth as both manufacturing and construction in these markets surged. In the US, demand also increased during the warm weather this summer, which is especially evident in IPLs result, showing a 12% increase in retail volume.  Market prices also remained above prior year levels at certain businesses, most notably in the Philippines and in Argentina. Our generation plants in Argentina benefited from higher market prices while the Philippines saw both higher spot and contracted rates for generation. These beneficial price trends were offset by challenges from the compressed margins in North America, where our coal and pet coke fired merchant plants were impacted by lower gas prices again this quarter. We expect this trend to continue into the fourth quarter and beyond. The favorable year-over-year trends in foreign currency exchange rates have slowed compared to earlier this year, but are still favorable when compared to the third quarter of 2009. For example, quarter-over-quarter, the Brazilian real and Columbian peso appreciated 7% and 10%, respectively. Our consolidated gross margin was $985 million, an increase of $18 million or 2% relative to 2009 with favorable foreign currency exchange rates accounting for $32 million of the uptick. Excluding foreign exchange impacts, gross margin is down by $14 million versus the third quarter of 2009. This decrease is driven primarily by the recovery of $57 million receivable in 2009 at our Brazilian utility Eletropaulo that had been previously written off. In addition, declining dark spreads in New York, a cumulative adjustment to regulatory liabilities at Eletropaulo and higher fuel cost at Gener all applied downward pressure on gross margin. These negative drivers were mostly offset by favorable volume in North America and higher prices and volume at Masinloc in the Philippines. Excluding the non-recurring items in Brazil related to regulatory liabilities and receivable recoveries, gross margin would have increased by 10%.  On a proportional basis, we earned $553 million of gross margin, an increase of $11 million or 2% over 2009. Excluding foreign currency exchange impacts, proportional gross margin decreased to $51 million (ph). In the third quarter, we earned $0.05 of diluted EPS from continuing operations. Excluding the impacts of impairments and unrealized non-cash foreign currency gains, adjusted EPS was $0.20. I'd like to take a moment to review the impairments we booked this quarter. In total, these accounted for $314 million or $0.26 a share on a GAAP basis. The largest driver of this expense is at one of our gas-fired generation plants in California, whose impairment was caused by recently passed once-through cooling regulation 316(b) of the U.S. Clean Water Act. In addition, we recorded an impairment charge at our merchant business in Hungary as a result of our third quarter negotiations with the offtaker. Hungary continues to experience decreases in demand and margins resulting from the significant downturn in their economy as we've discussed on previous call.  Please remember that these are non-cash items impacting a GAAP EPS from continuing operations but they are excluded from adjusted EPS. Also, on an adjusted basis, tax expense was unfavorable with the effective tax rate increasing from 35% in the third quarter 2009 to 37% in the third quarter of 2010. This puts our ongoing year-to-date tax rate at 33%, subsequent to the impacts of the Cemig transaction recorded last quarter. As indicated then, our actual results reflect higher tax rate due to the December 31, 2009 expiration of a favorable U.S. tax loss related to the treatment of certain non-U.S. transactions. If this tax was not renewed, had been anticipated at the time we issued our 2010 guidance earlier this year, it would have had the effect of negatively impacting our full year earnings by approximately $0.11. We've identified mitigating actions that will offset $0.05 of this increase, bringing the net negative impact to $0.06. We've summarized these drivers on slide 7, which bridges last year's third quarter adjusted EPS of $0.24 to this year's $0.20. Favorable operating performance and foreign exchange offset partially by higher business development costs drive a $0.03 improvement this year. In addition, our higher effective tax rate resulted in $0.01 decline. Commodities moved against this by $0.02 and the higher share count negatively impacted EPS by $0.04. Now let's discuss cash flow. On a consolidated basis, our operating cash flow decreased $7 million from last year to $1 billion, and declined $13 million on a proportional basis. These results demonstrate the strength of the portfolio's ability to generate cash flow, given that we sold businesses that contributed $78 million of operating cash flow in the third quarter of 2009. These sales, which earned returns in excess of 20%, are excellent examples of our portfolio management opportunities. Similarly, consolidated free cash flow decreased by $32 million to $827 million for the quarter, driven mostly by the businesses sold. In addition, higher maintenance CapEx at our Brazilian utilities and environmental CapEx at IPL contributed to the decrease in free cash flow. On a proportional basis, our free cash flow decreased $37 million to $412 million as a result of these same drivers. Now, turning to full year 2010 guidance. Overall, we're very pleased that we remain on track to hit our key operational and financial guidance metrics. Through the third quarter, we have already achieved approximately 75% or more for each of the guidance metrics, except for diluted earnings per share, which includes the impact of the non-cash impairment charges I mentioned earlier.  Given the impact of these impairments, we have lowered our diluted earnings per share guidance by $0.17 to $0.63 to $0.68. Cash flow has exceeded our expectations and we are, therefore, raising our consolidated operational cash flow and free cash flow guidance by $175 million. Likewise, our proportional operating cash flow and proportional free cash flow metrics have also been raised by $50 million. Adjusted EPS guidance remains unchanged at $0.90 to $0.95 assuming the renewal of the U.S. tax law I discussed earlier. Should this not occur, our adjusted EPS expectation range would be $0.85 to $0.90, reflecting the impact of both a higher tax expense as well as the mitigating actions we are taking.  Potentially offsetting some of these actions is the renegotiation of a fuel related contract within one of our Latin American subsidiaries. While the timing of these discussions is uncertain, we expect it could be within the next three to nine months and could have a negative impact to adjusted EPS after tax of a $0.01 to $0.02. We'll continue to monitor this and update you accordingly. Now turning to parent company liquidity. Our parent liquidity of $2.1 billion is relatively flat versus the second quarter of this year and has increased $689 million over September 30, 2009. During the quarter, liquidity increased by $221 million for business sales and subsidiary distribution, net of corporate overhead, and interest expense. Additionally, the revolver capacity was expanded by $221 million. I am also pleased to announce that while not included in this balance, we also closed the sale of our Qatar business in October and received $180 million of net proceeds to-date subsequent to quarter end. In turn, these proceeds have helped position us to opportunistically repurchase $90 million in AES stock since July when we saw market discount to our intrinsic value. Beyond this repurchase, our uses of liquidity included the retirement of our September 2010 notes for $214 million and funding of $354 million in new projects moving into construction and investments in growth initiatives.  Also, subsequent to quarter end figures, we paid down the remaining $290 million of our 2013 senior secured notes in October.  We're pleased to have such attractive opportunities for use of cash. In that light, I want to take a minute to review the financial framework through which we evaluate and allocate AES capital.  As we previously said, our strategy is to invest capital to maximize shareholder returns over both the medium and longer term as it fits any capital-intensive business. We believe we can achieve this objective through a combination of efforts. We serve to reduce our cost structure and fund future value accretive growth projects. We group these options into three categories; return of capital to shareholders, investing in growth projects, and paying down debt. AES's objective is to allocate incremental capital by the levers that provide the greatest risk-adjusted return to our shareholders at any given point in time. While external factors such as share price, access to credit markets and growth opportunities will dictate the timing of use of these levers, our selection criteria does not change. Prior to making an allocation decision, we forecast cash requirements and then seek to invest any access to the most economically impactful alternative.  The first lever, returning capital to shareholders can be achieved in two ways. We believe that stock repurchase option delivers better risk adjusted returns when the stock is trading significantly below intrinsic value. In the future, we could also return capital to shareholders by initiating a dividend. We believe this is something that could be considered in the medium to long term once our construction program comes online and projects reach maturity.  Another lever is growth investment, which includes greenfield development and M&A. Our goal is to earn at least 200 basis points to 300 basis points spread over project cost of equity. Given our geographic and technological diversity, it is not a one-size-fits-all approach. Instead, we calibrate the return requirements for factors such as country risk and project risk. We focus our development efforts on opportunities that leverage our existing footprint or in new areas with high growth potential. The third lever is debt paydown and cost reduction. This not only increases our future financial flexibility but also creates future borrowing capacity. So here are some tangible ways in which we've executed within this capital allocation of framework very recently. Stock buyback: as I've already mentioned, we repurchased $90 million worth of AES stock at an average price of $11.86 and have our authorization to repurchase another $410 million. Growth: over the past few months, we've demonstrated success in both M&A and greenfield development. We completed the acquisition of the 1,246 megawatt natural gas-fired Ballylumford plant in Northern Ireland for $160 million, where we expect to earn after-tax returns of 18%.  Business sales: as I discussed before, this year alone we sold three businesses for a total of $390 million. Debt paydown: in the third quarter, we retired $214 million of note maturing in September. In October, we redeemed the remaining $290 million of our 2013 senior secured notes. This brings our total debt paydown by the parent company to approximately $1 billion during 2010, reducing carrying cost by $68 million. With these redemptions, our recourse debt now stands at $4.6 billion. In summary, operations continue to execute well. Market demand is increasing in select markets, positioning us well to deliver on guidance metrics. In addition, our current metrics remain strong as we invest in the best available options, ranging from stock repurchase, debt retirement, M&A, or greenfield development. With that, let me turn it back over to Paul to provide additional commentary on our construction program and development pipeline.
Paul Hanrahan:  Thanks, Victoria. Now, I'll discuss those items that will drive the growth in our financial metrics in 2011 and beyond. These are important to cover as it will be helping to offset, one, the negative impacts of lower commodity prices, particularly the lower dark spreads in our U.S. merchant businesses as well as, two, a possible higher book tax rate in the event that TIPRA is not extended for 2011. First, I'd like to review the status of our construction program, which continues to progress well. We currently have over 1,900 megawatts of capacity under construction of which 1,650 megawatts or 85% is expected to come online by the end of 2011. By the beginning of next year, we expect 720 megawatts to begin operations, including our 670 megawatts Maritza East coal plant in Bulgaria. The plant has already achieved full load operation during its testing and commissioning and is scheduled to be fully operational by year-end. This project represents an important foreign investment in Bulgaria and a successful completion marks an important milestone for the country and for AES. We also have another 940 megawatts of capacity projected to come online during 2011. This includes our 520 megawatt Angamos coal plant in Northern Chile, which is the location of much of the county's copper mining operations.  We have already commenced preliminary testing of the first unit and are on schedule to commence testing of the second unit in the coming months, which puts us on track to meet or even possibly beat our target of finishing the project during the second half of 2011. Additionally, our 220 megawatt Changuinola hydroelectric project in Panama has completed the tunneling required for the powerhouse. The construction of the dam itself is approximately 60% complete and we expect the Changuinola project to be completed on schedule during the first half of 2011. Now, I would like to review a bit more about how we are thinking about allocating our capital. As Victoria discussed, we will always compare the returns of stock buybacks or debt paydowns with investing in greenfield or acquisitions opportunities. What I would like to do now is to update you on some of these opportunities, many of which we have discussed with you previously. Let me start by just pointing out that right now we have $1.4 billion of cash available at the corporate level. Of that, $300 million has been approved for investments in the projects already closed and in construction, and this leaves us with $1.1 billion available for new investments, which could include acquisitions, investments into wind and solar projects or large thermal power projects like Mong Duong in Vietnam, OPGC in India or the Masinloc expansion project in the Philippines. Very simply this $1.1 billion of available cash has a potential to create something in the order of $0.18 to $0.21 a share of additional earnings, assuming returns of 13% to 15%, depending on when we deploy the cash and when it starts generating earnings. A good example of this earnings power, as Victoria mentioned, is the Ballylumford acquisition which we completed this year. Ballylumford is expected to generate earnings of $0.05 per share in 2011 based on an investment of $160 million, which came from the proceeds of the CIC equity raise.  It's worth keeping in mind that our cash on hand has significant power to generate future earnings and cash flow, and that's why we are selectively focused on high quality acquisition opportunities in places like Asia, Turkey, Latin America and the U.S. in addition to greenfield opportunities that will generate longer term earnings growth. And we do have a portfolio of attractive greenfield opportunities, and I would like to review a few of those with you now.  In our wind business, the wind business continues to evolve rapidly and globally based on local incentives and market conditions. Therefore, we are pursuing a geographically diverse and flexible wind strategy, focusing on a number of key markets across the US, Europe and Asia. One of the benefits of our multi-market focus is that it affords us the flexibility to ramp up or down our development efforts in specific regions as fundamentals strengthen or weaken, such as they have in the US, without impacting our overall momentum. This is something unique to AES as a global power company. We truly do have a globally diversified set of investment opportunities and we're not constrained by the policy changes at any one particular market or country or region as others might be. In our wind business, we currently have 1,750 megawatts of wind capacity in operation, 175 megawatts in construction and 1,250 megawatts in advanced development, of which about half of that amount is outside of the United States.  In the U.S. wind market in the near term we see weak fundamentals and uncertain policy environment and a lack of long-term offtake contracts. As a result, we have scaled back our development efforts in the U.S. wind market in the near term. Our current U.S. wind strategy is to focus only on the markets in California in PJM as these regions offer strong regional renewable portfolio standards in the absence of national legislation. During the quarter we did achieve an important milestone on our 49 megawatt Mountain View IV project in California by signing a 20-year power sale agreement with the California Utility. We plan to start construction of the project in Q4 2010 with completion expected by the end of 2011. Progress is also made in PJM where we secured permits on the 50 megawatt Fox Hill project in Pennsylvania, which is expected be completed by the end of 2011. In Europe, we see a much stronger market for renewables, including wind. We've increased our development activities in 2010 by acquiring large attractive development pipelines in both the U.K. and Poland. We anticipate reaching financial close in projects with a cumulative capacity of 65 megawatts during the fourth quarter of this year and we expect more to follow the 2011 to 2013 timeframe. In Asia, in addition to our wind projects in China, we started some development in India, a country that desperately needs more generating capacity, which is also the fifth largest market for wind power. We have recently defined the definitive agreement to develop, construct, and commission our first wind power in India, 40 megawatt project in the state of Gujarat. The project is expected to reach financial close by the end of 2010, with completion being scheduled for June of 2011. We are assessing other opportunities there and view the Indian wind market as increasingly attractive, due to the positive policy initiatives taken by the government over the past few years. And with regards to the solar, our solar joint venture with Riverstone, although smaller than wind is rapidly catching up. The solar business is also subject to different incentives and market conditions around the world. We've decided to pursue a globally flexible solar business that could scale up or down based on how we perceive the various markets. This business currently has 123 megawatts in operation and construction. We also have another 1000 megawatts in development in Europe, US and Asia. This quarter alone, we executed power purchase agreements for 47 megawatts in Puerto Rico, Hawaii, and India. Consistent with our other solar PV projects capacity under these agreements will be sold under long-term contracts. We think that it is fairly likely that this joint venture will have all of its $1 billion of committed equity invested by the end of 2011, with our portion of this investment being the $500 million. So things are going very well in our solar business. Turning to our core power business, which includes our thermal power plants, our focus continues to be in rapidly growing emerging markets. We’re seeing many new opportunities in Latin America, Asia and Turkey. In the Philippines, we’re pursuing a platform expansion of our existing Masinloc coal-fired facility to meet the growing need electricity in the country. This year demand grew by 10% in this market. Electricity demand in the Philippines is expected to grow by more than 5% every year. The current system is dependent on hydro and oil-fired generation, which creates opportunity to leverage our existing coal-fired asset to provide an additional, reliable, and economic source of generation. Our existing 600 megawatt Masinloc facility was built in a way that included much of the critical infrastructure for an expansion unit, allowing us to provide one of the lowest cost alternatives for platform expansion, which we are currently pursuing. The expansion project will be another 600 megawatt unit that will leverage the existing facilities such as, transmission, interconnection, coal yard, ship unloading and an ash pond. We’re currently in the process of securing environmental permits and expect this project to reach financial close by the end of 2011. In India, we’re also continuing the development of our expansion project in the state of Orissa, which is one of the largest coal resources of the country. This will be a 1300-megawatt coal-fired facility. We expect to reach financial closure by the end of 2011. And finally, in Vietnam, subsequent to signing the 25-year power purchase agreement and fuel supply agreements for our 1200 megawatt coal plant, called Mong Duong, we have been focused on finalizing the construction contract and project financing. And based on the project progress to date, we expect to reach financial close in mid 2011. All-in, we feel that we have a very compelling set of investment opportunities in development. In some cases, we expect to take on partners and capture some of the value created through development fees or similar compensation structures. But it's important to emphasize that we have been and we'll continue to be disciplined in our approach to allocating capital. Having the capital available to invest in acquisitions through Greenfield opportunities, stock buybacks or paying down debt gives us an incredible amount of flexibility to create value on a per share basis. And given the cash flow generation of our businesses, coupled with a robust portfolio of management process, that only adds to our ability to create additional shareholder value over time. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today and I'll turn the call back to the operator, who will open up the call for your questions.
Operator:  Thank you. At this time, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from Lasan Johong, RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  Thank you. Good morning, Paul, Victoria, Ahmed. Question on the capital allocation. It sounded like, Victoria that some time at the end of your construction period currently that a dividend may be contemplated. Does that suggest that you would be running out of significant growth opportunities at that point and if not, then how do you intend to finance future growth without doing any equity issue and pay a dividend or buyback additional shares?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, Lasan, I think the point here is that we look out into the future and you can easily look out at a couple, three years, and see the need for capital. And beyond that I think what we'll always be doing is looking at the opportunities and the returns you can get on those opportunities.  I don't currently expect that we're going to be short of opportunities to grow the company good returns, but that's something we'll continue to evaluate and look at that we have better returns than paying dividends. So I think if you look at the places where we're investing capital, or we have established strong positions in places like India, we're developing good positions in Turkey, Southeast Asia, Brazil, Chile, and all these places have big needs for more capacity in the future.  And by becoming one of the biggest established players in these regions, I could look out to see easily at least another five years of higher return opportunities. But I think Victoria's point is that while we get through the construction – when these plants all get into construction, we stop investing in new projects, we'll be generating a lot of cash flow. And if we don't see good opportunities to reinvest the capital, then you could expect – we did look at a dividend.  And once we get to point, we don't think they are good returns, but we'd look at what's the best way to use capital whether it's buying back stock, paying down debt, or distributing capital back to the shareholders through dividends.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  So what I'm hearing is that, you don't foresee a dividend in the next five years at the very least, and you're saying only if you have additional free cash flow above and beyond growth opportunities, would you even contemplate doing a dividend, is that a good fair characterization?
Paul Hanrahan:  I'd say we seek growth opportunities that are value accretive. We look at that as we talked about in the past in terms of what's the cost to capital for a given project, and can we beat that substantially to create net present value, really net present value per share. But there are a lot of different ways you can do that. And it's not just the cash flow coming from our operations, it's the cash that we might generate through portfolio management, and we've seen some good opportunities to do that over the past few years. The recent asset sales in the Middle East are another good example of how we will do that.  So, I think we see the opportunity to source capital in ways that we can get the lowest source per cost for capital, for example selling assets where those are available where we can sell it effectively at low yields and then take that capital investment to higher yields, and that could be, as Victoria said, that could be investing in our stock, that would be investing in new projects. And ff we don't see those kinds of opportunities then it would be – we have the opportunity to then dividend cash back to shareholders.  At some point, I would expect we get there. But your timeframe of three to five years, I think is probably valid to say. We probably don't see ourselves in that timeframe having a lot of spare cash to dividend, but it's something we'll continue to evaluate each year.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. Second question, Victoria you mentioned in your slides that you’re looking to invest capital or at equity capital, I'd just say, at least 200 to 300 basis points above your equity cost. Since you're targeting a kind of a 20% rate of return, does that imply that you think your discount rate on your equity is 17% or 18%?
Victoria Harker:  Well, first I think, depending on the type of project, we've not been as high as 20% necessarily. I think we've continued to say we target mid-teen returns and it obviously varies across renewables versus thermal and that type of opportunity as well. So, I don't think it's quite as high as 20% return.  We were fortunate obviously with Ballylumford and also with some of these asset sales that were actually individually slightly higher than the 20%, but I'm not sure that they're consistently across all the new opportunities at 20%.
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, I think if you look at, for example, some of the projects in US, you might look at the cost of equity for those projects as being 9%, something in that order of magnitude. And we would then be targeting for those projects. And again, we see at least 200 to 300 basis points above the cost of capital.  As Victoria mentioned, the Ballylumford one, we exceeded that, that's really the objective. But it's almost a view that if you weren't beating it by enough, it's almost not worth doing in terms of shareholders value creation. It also gets to some extent to the size of the investment because we also think about in terms of NPV. And if you create a certain amount of NPV divided by 800 million shares, how valuable is that.  So it's a matter of how many deals are out there, how attractive are they and then how much can you invest. But it really comes down to what's the net impact per share in terms of the per share value that we create.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  Then would it be fair to characterize in saying that you would not consider an investment until at the very least you’re looking at 200 to 300 basis points? That's your minimum threshold above your equity cost?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, I think, again we'll figure that equity costs in each market for each type of project and we've got a fairly standard way of doing that, but it's looking at projects and the cost of capital of projects.  When you sort of consolidate all those, that's how you develop the corporate cost of equity effectively and that’s what we used as a way to compare stock buybacks as the corporate cost of equity.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  So, your corporate cost of equity, in general, would be somewhere in the 12% to 13% range?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, I think I mean you guys could figure out as well as we can, but it's probably in that range.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  That seems very high, all right. This gain on CEMIG sale, can you tell us how much that was?
Andrés Gluski:  The gain on CEMIG sale was around $20 million – $20 million, $25 million.
Victoria Harker:  And that was a last quarter event. Just to be clear, obviously, we're referencing it in terms of the impact to the tax rate on quarter-to-quarter.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  I see. Last quick question. Effects of the Brazilian Presidential election.
Paul Hanrahan:  Andrés Gluski, he spends a lot of time down there, maybe he could comment on it.
Andrés Gluski:  Sure, hi, Lasan. 
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  Hi Andrés.
Andrés Gluski:  Obviously, the results of the elections were widely predicted and it means I think more of the same. And a lot of the key players with which we've established relationships have been the same. So from our perspective its continuity and it means continuing with our current plans in country.
Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets:  Thank you. 
Paul Hanrahan:  Thanks. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Russo, Ladenburg Thalmann. Go ahead.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  Hi, good morning.
Paul Hanrahan:  Hi Brian.
Victoria Harker:  Hi Brian.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  Hi. The $90 million of share repurchase in the third quarter at an average of $11.86, I can't recall exactly discussion on the last conference call, but it seems as if, it looks like you guys have raised the floor on the ranges in which you're willing to purchase stock relative to attractive growth opportunities. So I was just wondering if you can comment on that. And then, secondly, I believe the $500 million originally authorized expires at yearend, can we expect you to renew that?
Victoria Harker:  Just for clarity, the $90 million all-in is through November 1st, I guess. So a portion of that was subsequent to the September 30th quarter-end. I wanted to make sure that we were clear on that relative to it being subsequent to the filing itself, but the all-in number is what we had mentioned.  I think in terms of the renewal, we'll obviously look at it at yearend and certainly be talking to the Board about a lot of prospects for investment and also the 2011 guidance in conjunction with whether it's a request to renewal. I don't think we've had those discussions yet, but we will be doing that, I think, in the month of December.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  But I guess at a current stock price of $12, you still view it attractive relative to your other uses of cash?
Victoria Harker:  I think as you look out as we look out over the near term use of cash and what's coming up in terms of the need for cash payments in the next couple of quarters, we felt that to be true given the current prices. I'm not sure I would say that from a 12-month and beyond outlook. There, obviously, we did have cash in hand. But from a short-term perspective, we felt it was more compelling to buy back stock than to have in other short-term investments vehicles.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  Okay. And can you discuss more about your portfolio management initiatives? You mentioned a wind IPO last quarter, and it seems given you've purchased stock post the third quarter of this year at an average price north of $12. It implies that you believe the intrinsic value of the company is much higher. Any thoughts on harvesting the value of some of the assets or subsidiaries?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, I think we're going to keep looking at that. One of the things we're looking hard at is where do we see the best opportunities for the future, where do we want to set up our – put the focus of our development efforts in which markets. We see a lot of really interesting and interactive markets out there.  We'll, probably as we do that, look at some markets and say they aren't as strategic in terms of growth opportunities, and those are places where if we can see assets where we could get good prices from selling them, they'd probably be good sources of capital or good ways to raise some capital, which should give us more money to buy back stock, to invest in new opportunities. But those asset sales typically take several months to get through. So there's a little bit of a lag time there, but that's something we will be and have been looking at pretty aggressively. I think we found a lot of success.  What we found is we may invest on a project which would have returns that would be in the mid teens, but by going through portfolio management process, and if the timing is right, you can sometimes get your return on capital be – the return on equity to be in the range of 20%. And that's going to create some opportunities for us to do some things that will allow us to, again, just get higher returns on the capital by flowing in through more quickly and taking advantage of the opportunities to divest those assets which strategically aren't that critical to us and it would give us more capital to then use for higher value opportunities, whether that be buying back our stock or investing in new opportunities.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  Okay. And the $0.05 of mitigation actions you mentioned before to offset I think the $0.11 noncash impact to the change in the tax laws, could you elaborate on that?
Victoria Harker:  In terms of how comfortable we are with it or in terms of –?
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  What are they?
Victoria Harker:  They’re predominantly expense reductions from an SG&A standpoint as well also we also have some credit emission sales.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  Okay. Then just lastly, can you give us a sense of what type of margin Eastern Energy is contributing this year? And just given on your previous sensitivities you've kind of laid out for 2011, I mean is there any real significant year-over-year margin compression that we could expect in '11 versus '10 on that subsidiary?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, I don't have those numbers right now. I think what I would say is we were hedged this year. We are partially hedged this year. We saw some margin compression this year. And next year it will be worse. I think what I've tried to flag in my comments was that we're unhedged for 2011and just given where gas prices are and the forwards are, we're not hedging because we don't think it make sense to lock in those kinds of margins.  So we're basically have exposure to the market in which as position we want to be in right now, because we think there's probably more upside than downside for those positions. Yes, we've seen a significant margin compression. I don't know Ned, is there anything else you want to add to that?  This is Ned Hall, who heads our North American business.
Ned Hall:  On a full year, we're down about $70 million on gross margin impact on this year –
Paul Hanrahan:  Compared to 2009, okay.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  Okay. So when we look at the sensitivities on gas that you've laid out, is Eastern Energy the bulk of that sensitivity?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes.
Victoria Harker:  Yes.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  Okay, thank you. 
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes. I mean what we're really looking at is next year if you look at our US merchant assets there’s negative earnings will be coming from those assets with the current forwards, and what we're working on now is how could we mitigate that through mothballing our plants, some significant cost reduction efforts, which I remember some of these have leases, so you can't mothball a lease. So we’re going through a number of different things we could do to mitigate that earnings drag that we would have.
Victoria Harker:  And just to clarify that further, we don't currently see that as the cash strength for next year. It's an earnings impact and we're working, so as Paul said how to mitigate that and what the options there are, but we don't anticipate having any cash from the parent required.
Ned Hall :  Also testing multiple fuels. 
Paul Hanrahan:  Speak up.
Ned Hall :  We’re also testing multiples fuels we're burning and not only in Central and Northern App coal, Illinois coal, PRB coal, and Pet Coke as alternatives trying to lower our costs.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  All right, thanks. 
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes. The other thing I'd point out is that, the one advantage we have is built into our portfolio as we've talked about is these construction projects coming online and they'll continue to come online and there the expectations are as they were before, so there's new earnings coming in from those.  Then you've got a little bit of a drag that's coming from the Eastern Energy assets primarily, that's where struggling with this, well how do we really reduce that drag, so we don't – on the cash side we are not worried about it, but it’s more on the earnings side, you sort of don’t want to have negative earnings coming out any plants which just doesn't help us with respect to seeing earnings growth.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  Thank you. 
Paul Hanrahan:  You’re welcome. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Ali Agha, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Go ahead, your line is open.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Thank you, good morning.
Victoria Harker:  Good morning. 
Paul Hanrahan:  Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Well, I wanted to flash out your thinking a little more if I could on your share buyback program. When you started that program you announced that stock was down I believe in the $9 maybe between $9 and $10 range. You brought a little bit at that time, but not much, when the second quarter numbers were reported. Today you're showing us you've bought stock since the third quarter at around $12.30 a share, if my math is right and you've talked about buying it as part of your capital allocation process, when it is well below intrinsic value. So, clearly you think $12.30 is well below intrinsic value. The stock today is around $12. So should we think, A, has your thinking changed on intrinsic value number one? Number two given where the stock is which is below where you've been buying it, is there any reason for us to expect once you’re out of the quite period why you should not be buying the stock given where the prices are?
Paul Hanrahan:  I guess I would say a few things. One is I like buying stock better at $9 than $12 personally. So I think as a result we do believe that at the current range it's below the intrinsic value. And your question is, as Victoria mentioned, you wanted to be at a discount to the intrinsic value and you've really got to compare that discount to the other opportunities that are out there.  Some of those opportunities, we don't need the capital may be until the latter part of 2011 or so, but we do see some acquisition opportunities out there too. So the trade-off that we keep looking at, as Victoria said, we look out and try and figure what are the near-term cash needs. So with stock buybacks, I think the way to think about is we're going to pace ourselves a little bit and make sure we have enough capital for the high-return types of opportunities we think are to create shareholder value, but still think advantage of the fact that we’re trading at a discount to our intrinsic value.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  And so your definition of your intrinsic value calculation today is no different than it was for AES when you announced the share buyback?
Paul Hanrahan:  Correct.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay. And on those new opportunities, second question, there's a large amount of capacity set for privatization in Turkey, 15,000 megawatts or so. Could you give us a little more insight on how that is progressing, the timeline, what we should be looking at, and your sort of confidence level on the attractiveness and potential for that?
Paul Hanrahan:  We like the Turkish market a lot, particularly generation assets. We've been operating in the country now for a few years. We look at the generation opportunities that are coming up as being attractive. Being in that market for a while, having the experience, having a Turkish partner, we're looking at the right strategy to go after those assets, but we believe in 2011 there will be opportunities.  We expect some of those to be coming up to the market and we plan on participating in those privatizations. We don't know as how competitive it will be, what the returns would look like, but that's again, why I think we really want to be disciplined about how we approach them. But I think we understand that market very well now. We like the market. We think it's one of the more attractive ones out there. So I think you'd probably plan to see us participating in those.  Exactly, how we do it? I think you will probably be talking a little bit more about that on our next call, there'll probably some announcements will be coming out about how we might do that down the road.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  In the first set – Paul, remind us when is the first set due in the privatizations?
Paul Hanrahan:  I think those states have move around a little bit. I'm thinking it's sometime in first half of 2011, but those dates tend to move a fair amount. But I think it's safe to say probably first half of 2011.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay. And final question; as I look at your Greenfield profile and the large projects that you have under development, the bulk of those are going to come on line 2015 and beyond. Your current construction portfolio is going to be largely complete by the end of next year as it stands. So when we look at the years between, say, 2012 and '15, the three-year period, is it fair to say the accretion we should think about is either acquisitions or share buybacks in terms of an EPS accretion? Is that the way to think about bridging the current construction end and the contribution from the new portfolio coming on?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, I think the acquisitions would be in there to bridge that. We also have some renewables. The renewables tend to have shorter timeframes for coming on line. Solar and wind, you’re talking about a year or less, from the time you started, the time they come on line. So that will be part of it. We've got a lot of investment going into wind and solar projects as I talked about.  M&A is going to create some opportunities. For example, the privatizations in Turkey, if those were to go through, they are already operating. So I think its acquisitions it would be renewables, long-term Greenfield.  The other thing that we're finding is with some of these Greenfield opportunities particularly this large equity commitments to bring on partners would be a way to off load some of that Greenfield investment need, but at the same time maybe creating some development fees in the process.  Now that might come through additional carrying interest or management contracts, don't know how that shows up in the earnings, but it would be a way to potentially monetize some of those development opportunities as we going forward, because we do have a lot of projects that we're seeing interest on the part of partners to come in, in minority positions into some of our more advanced Greenfield development projects.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  And one other thing, Paul, sorry, one last thing, obviously there was the news over the weekend regarding your interest in International Power. Could you just provide us any parameters on what would have attracted you there? It's trading at a nice premium to your stock price, so how that would have been accretive to AES?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, Ali, let me just respond as I typically do that we don't respond to rumors or speculation.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay, fair enough. Thank you. 
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Maura Shaughnessy, MFS. Go ahead, your line is open.
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  Yes, good morning. 
Paul Hanrahan:  Hi.
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  A couple of questions kind of drive to point about the cash situation versus the earning situation at AES. First one, in terms of the tax rate, the stated tax rate, obviously, has some noise surrounding US policies et cetera, but can you just talk about where the cash tax rate is expected to be this year and next, versus, let's say, last year?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, we've got Prabu Natarajan, he's probably the person who can speak to that most knowledgably.
Victoria Harker:  And, obviously, Maura, this is Victoria. We are noncash tax payers and to any great extent we’re well positioned, but that's right. 
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  That's why your cash numbers actually went up this quarter even though the reported earnings because of the tax noise. 
Paul Hanrahan:  Right.
Victoria Harker:  That’s correct.
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  So the answer is I guess that the cash tax hasn't changed at all.
Prabu Natarajan: Not in the US, we still are in net operating loss position outside of the US, significant cash taxes in Latin America, but they have changed significantly year-over-year.
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  Right, okay, good, yes. I guess then the second question, again a little bit surrounding the tax situation with regards to the renewables. Now when you are investing in the US solar and wind, given your tax position in the US, what does that do to earnings versus investing outside of the US that doesn't have the PTC/ITC kind of situation? What does that do to earnings?
Prabu Natarajan:  Right. From a US perspective we think about monetizing PTCs through tax equity structure, so we take the cash upside whereas our tax equity partners take the depreciation coming from the alternative energy projects. On the non-US side, since we can have significant cash taxes at the project level, we prefer to keep the tax attributes such that we tend to see more of the earnings benefit than the cash.
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  So, therefore, if I think about you winning some wind projects in California, the PJM for example, or solar projects, that actually wouldn't have any impact to your earnings, but it would have a positive impact to your cash. Is that a true statement?
Paul Hanrahan:  It's going to depend a little bit. Ned Hall, he can talk a little bit. We think about this a lot because it does get complicated. Let me just pass down the speaker, so obviously you could –
Ned Hall:  Hi Maura.
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  Hi.
Ned Hall:  It's not a simple answer unfortunately. In the current environment because of the cash ITC option, it doesn't have the impact that it has had historically with the straight production tax credit hypothetical liquidation at book value, tax equity, disproportionate allocation, sharing arrangements that we've done, which is a lot of words. So it’s not – that's why it becomes a less than straightforward answer.  It is fair to say that they are more favorable on cash from our perspective than they are on earnings in the early years and they ultimately, as they should, balance out over time. So we're frontloaded on cash and back loaded on earnings in the structures. In the environment that we're in for the next – through 2012 that's dampened a little bit. So they’re slightly less favorable on earnings right now, but that all reverse itself depending on what the next regime is that comes out.
Victoria Harker:  And Maura, this is Victoria. We've spent some time helping them model out what that service level comps looks like over the longer term. We're happy to do that off line, if it's helpful.
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  And when is AES a cash taxpayer?
Paul Hanrahan:  2015 
Victoria Harker: 2015 is our current projection. I think it still depends on where our long-term guidance turns out to be in other M&A of any significant size, but currently 2015, 2016 timeframe.
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  Okay. And is the Eastern Energy situation non-recourse to AES parent?
Victoria Harker:  Yes.
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes. We can all answer that one. 
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  So, I guess the way that I think about the situation with about $300 million in margin in '07 down to effectively zero, if not modestly negative this year in Eastern, it can't go that much lower since certainly the option would be to just walk away if things were to get so tough.
Paul Hanrahan:  That's exactly right.
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  Okay, and the then last question, what is your appetite given Brazil or wherever, other places, that you’re playing in you tend to invest on the generation side with PPAs in hand. What is the appetite for merchant generation assets?
Paul Hanrahan:  I think, generally, we don't like merchant generation. Any time we have it, we try to contract it or get contracted assets. So we don't have a big appetite for merchant generation. But we do pick it up like we did in the Philippines, we, as quickly as we could, went out and contracted it for as long as we could.
Maura Shaughnessy – MFS:  Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Patrick Elliott, Ivory Capital. Go ahead, your line is open.
Paul Hanrahan: Okay. And then, maybe one more question after this operator, so other people can get to the rest of the day. Okay, please go ahead. 
Edwin Shen – Ivory Capital:  Hi, it’s actually Edwin Shen here with Patrick. Couple of questions. First question is on your August call, you had talked about a 2011 preliminary range of $1.07 to $1.10. Do you still believe that's a good range?
Victoria Harker:  We are going to be updating guidance on our next call with our fourth quarter and year-end numbers. I think at this point we're still looking at. Not insignificant, obviously. It's a whole discussion that we've been having about North American gas prices that we're still working through that, but I think we just not – adjusted to any different range at this point.
Paul Hanrahan:  The other thing I'll just comment on is, the real wildcard is with $1.1 billion of cash is what we do with that cash, when do we deploy it, because as I said, that's got some earnings power, just call $0.18 to $0.21. So that's the other big thing that is tough to predict because we are looking to deploy that in some acquisitions, but we've got to be disciplined and make sure we find the right one that's going to fit strategically and give us the right kind of returns on risk profile.
Ahmed Pasha:  Hi Ed, this is Ahmed. I think in the last call when Victoria talked about $1.07 to $1.10 that was based on the forward curve as of July, and since then the curves have moved against us especially the gas. So I think if you adjust for that that I think probably you have net-net $0.03-ish down, if you just look at the gas and the currencies.
Edwin Shen – Ivory Capital:  Okay, fair enough. And then second question is I just wanted to get a little bit more clarity on some of the items you mentioned that impacted your third quarter, specifically the higher purchased fuel and energy prices in Brazil and the cumulative tariff adjustment in Brazil.
Paul Hanrahan:  Andrés 
Andrés Gluski:  Sure. Some of the things that impacted our results, one is the higher fuel and energy purchases in Chile. Chile is having a very high year. And so we had to run, for example, Nueva Renca plants on diesel and that's really drove off the cost of fuel and energy purchases in Latin America.  Regarding Brazil you had the Parcel A discussions at the beginning of – actually end of last year, beginning of this year with ANEEL. And as a result of that, we had a slight decrease in the tariff in one of the sectors. It was a negotiation between the Association of [inaudible] and ANEEL, the regulator.  The other issue that we had was the forecasted CapEx spend at Eletropaulo. The actual CapEx spend was less, and therefore, we did not receive the return on that capital which we did not invest. So those are really the items that we've had affecting this quarter's result.  As you know, they've come out with a new proposal going forward for tariffs in Brazil that has a – main element that says a lower WACC for the country risk, which is dropping from around 9 to 7.15. It's a proposal and I think the market has expecting 8. We're, again, in negotiations. Over the next four months we'll have a final resolution of that.  And the market in Brazil for companies like, Eletropaulo, CEMIG expect to have reflected this change. So those are the changes in tariff in Brazil. Backward looking it was really the Parcel A specific case. It was having invested less in Eletropaulo and going forward is this new proposal from ANEEL.
Edwin Shen – Ivory Capital:  Okay. And can you give us a sense of how big those items were in Chile and Brazil?
Andrés Gluski:  In Chile, as you know, Gener – about a third of Gener's income is coming from Columbia, which has also had unexpectedly a dry year. We also had a higher EFOR forced outages, which have caused us to burn the more diesel. So you're talking about maybe –
Ahmed Pasha:  I think it's about $40 million to $50 million?
Andrés Gluski:  Including EFORs and including the higher fuel prices in both those locations.
Edwin Shen – Ivory Capital:  So $40 million to $50 million for Chile.
Andrés Gluski:  No, Gener, including Columbia as well.
Ahmed Pasha:  Yes. 
Edwin Shen – Ivory Capital:  Okay, I got it. Then what all for Brazil?
Ahmed Pasha:  Brazil is roughly about $10 million because it's proportional of our interest because we own only 16%. So our interest is about $10 million.
Edwin Shen – Ivory Capital:  Okay. So the $40 million to $50 million we saw in Gener that should continue to the extent that that hydrology doesn't get better.
Andrés Gluski:  Well, hydrology is reflected really via the reservoir level. So they are low. On the other hand, in terms of the – we had a [inaudible] at the beginning of the year and we expect to have lower forced outages. So we can use our more efficient plants.
Edwin Shen – Ivory Capital:  Okay. So we should expect that to get a little bit better. It will be a drag year-over-year.
Andrés Gluski:  That's correct.
Edwin Shen – Ivory Capital:  Thank you. 
Andrés Gluski:  Thanks. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from James Heckler, Levin Capital Strategies. Go ahead, your line is open.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  Yes, hi, good morning, it's actually Neil Stein. 
Paul Hanrahan:  Hi Neil.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  And I have a couple of questions if I could. The first is if you could just confirm and Ahmed's commentary on the prior '11 guidance was very helpful. Did it assume renewal of that tax benefit? I think you referred to it as TIPRA.
Victoria Harker:  No, it did not. 
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  Okay.
Victoria Harker:  It's TIPRA, yes.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  Yes. And then also could you clarify the expected – this is going back to Maura's question – the expected gross margin at Eastern Energy in '10. I know in '07 it was $300 million and I believe she said it went down to zero. But if you could –
Andrés Gluski:  Minus $9 million.
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, minus $9 million in 2010.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  What is the reason that it would actually be negative? I would think to the extent it gets to zero you could just choose to not run the plant.
Ahmed Pasha:  Well, we have hedges in place basically, and we have fixed costs as well.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  So the gross margin is net of sum of – net of O&M?
Ahmed Pasha:  And depreciation, so gross margin is net of depreciation.
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, it's even.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  Well maybe my thought was what is – I guess where revenue is minus cost of goods sold. That's what I would think of as gross margin.
Ahmed Pasha:  The way we define gross margin, Neil, is the gross margin is revenue minus your variable costs minus fixed costs and minus depreciation. So it's EBIT basically.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  Is revenues minus cost to goods sold, the number you could provide for '10 for that asset?
Ahmed Pasha:  You can add about $40 million to that, so it's about $35 million, if you wish.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  So maybe that's like the absolute, $35 million is the absolute downside we could think of for that asset to the extent your revenue minus cost of goods sold probably wouldn't go below zero?
Paul Hanrahan:  If you look at that, I think it gets back to Maura's comment that, you hit down to that point, you've always got the option of walk away. I think the Board will be evaluating is, because it might be negative for a month, how do you think it's going to be the following year? We tend to think about things from our cash flow standpoint.  In other words, if you don't have to provide cash in then you'd certainly want to keep that option around if prices move around, because the prices have been volatile. The downside is you won't have much of a cash drag, but you might an earnings drag, because of depreciation, because of the lease payment. So that's what Ned and his team working through, what can we do to really mitigate that and how do we work through that.  And that's why, we’re not able to give lot of clarity in guidance right now, but it's something we're working through. But do I look at that and say if things are where they are today in terms of prices, the total impact of, if we just kept going probably $0.10 or less in terms of the negative impact of that. But on the positive side, we've got these other plants coming on line, which is going to make up for that. But that's really the issue for us just to think about how far would you take this before you just say, we're not going to keep going on this.  So that's really the issue that we and many others in the industry are facing right now.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  But if your revenue minus cost of goods sold for '10 is $35 million, which if you tax effect it, it implies just a few pennies, why would the year-over-year downside be as much as $0.10? I would think that – that would be kind of the floor, losing that $35 million pretax would be sort of the floor as you move into next year?
Victoria Harker:  We started the year hedged, obviously, and then we're exiting the year with hedges rolling off and we're uncovered in '11, so that got that impact as well in. And the $0.10 that Paul cited I think it was not just Eastern, it was across the North American plants.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  I see. And just to make sure we are on the same page, my absolutely last question, the $35 million includes the benefit of the hedges?
Paul Hanrahan:  Correct.
Victoria Harker:  Yes, the net effect of having those in place earlier, Neil that have rolled off, yes.
Neil Stein – Levin Capital Strategies:  Okay, that’s so helpful. Thank you. 
Paul Hanrahan:  Okay. Why don't we wrap up, I know we've kept people pretty long.
Ahmed Pasha:  Okay. Thank you very much for joining us today. In the meantime, if you guys have any questions please feel free to call either Chris Fitzgerald or myself. Thanks again. Have a good day.
Operator:  Thank you and that's concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Hanrahan - President & Chief Executive Officer  Victoria Harker - Chief Financial Officer  Andres Gluski - Chief Operating Officer Edward Hall - Executive Vice President - Regional President for NA & Chairman of Global Wind Generation and Energy Storage Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in the listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. (Operator Instructions)  I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Hanrahan. Thank you. You may begin.
Paul Hanrahan: Okay thanks, thanks operator. Ahmed, why don’t you open up the call?
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you, Paul. Thank you and welcome to AES Corporation’s second quarter earnings call. We appreciate you being with us this morning. Joining me today, are Paul Hanrahan, our President and CEO; Victoria Harker, our Chief Financial Officer; Andres Gluski, our Chief Operating Officer, and other senior members of our management.  Before we begin our presentation, let me you remind you that our comments today will include forwarding-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of these risks, we encourage you to read our documents on file with the SEC. Our presentation is being webcast and slides are available on our website, which you can access at www.aes.com under Investor Relations. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Paul Hanrahan, our President and CEO.
Paul Hanrahan: Okay, thanks Ahmed, and good morning to all of you joining us for our call today. This morning, I would like to focus my comments in three areas. First, the performance for the quarter; second, an update on our construction program; and third, an update on our growth opportunities and a discussion about our general approach to capital allocation, which I want to be sure we continue to communicate to investors on a regular basis.  First, our operating performance for the quarter, in line with our performance last quarter, our focus on operations resulted in improvements in nearly all of our financial metrics. For example, our proportional gross margin increased 19% while proportional operating cash flow also increased 14%.  These improvements were reflected in our adjusted earnings per share of $0.23 despite a $0.04 impact of a higher share count associated with raising capital to invest in value accretive opportunities. This quarter, we benefited from stronger economic growth and increased demand for electrical power in Asia and parts of Latin America such as Brazil. This was partially offset, however. In the US, we saw moderate demand growth and lower pricing and dark spreads for the merchant portion of our generating plea. Now, I will turn the call over to Victoria to provide a more detailed review of our financial performance, and I will talk about the construction and development, which will be driving our future earnings growth. Victoria.
Victoria Harker: Thanks Paul and good morning everyone. As you have already heard, the second quarter of 2010 continues to reflect the favorable operating results and higher demand in several key markets. Proportional gross margin improved quarter-over-quarter on higher volume and rates in Latin America and Asia, as well as favorable foreign exchange primarily in Brazil.  This growth in gross margin translated into higher proportional operating cash flow, which increased by 14% compared to the second quarter of 2009. Adjusted EPS of $0.23 while down a penny compared to the same quarter last year is actually relatively strong reflecting the strength of business operations, particularly in light of this quarter’s higher share account and higher effective tax rate, as well as a fact that there was a $0.05 one-time gain in the same quarter of 2009 due to a construction claim settlement that contributed to earnings then. Now, let’s discuss results for the second quarter in greater detail. From a macroeconomic perspective, our trends this quarter are similar to what we saw in first quarter. Volume growth continued unabated in key markets in Asia and Latin America. For example, demand in the Philippines as well as Brazil continued their upward trajectory with 12% and 5% year-over-year improvements respectively, with GDP growth driving both power demand and new construction starts in these markets.  Volume also increased in Columbia due to higher water inflows at [Tubos] Reservoir, while Panama experienced higher dispatch volumes as water conservation measures there eased during the same period. In addition, higher prices due to the final tariff settlement in July 2009 continued to increase earnings at our Latin American utility.  Our generation plants and other geographies also benefited from higher prices due to factors such as system-wise supply constraints in the Philippines and Panama and the dry season in Columbia. These beneficial trends more than offset challenges from the compressed margins in North America where our coal-fired merchant plants were impacted by lower gas prices again this quarter leading to a 36% decrease in energy margins there. Foreign currency exchange rates, while somewhat mixed also moved overall in our favor when compared to the second quarter of 2009. For example, the Brazil Real and Columbian Peso appreciated 16% and 15% respectively, while the Euro and the Argentine Peso declined 6% and 5% respectively. Our consolidated gross margin was $982 million, an increase of $179 million or 22% relative to 2009, with favorable foreign currency exchange rates accounting for $54 million of the uptake. Even excluding foreign exchange impact, these results were considerably higher than the second quarter of 2009 by $125 million driven by favorable volume and rate in both Asia and Latin America. On a proportional basis, we earned $572 million of gross margin, an increase of $93 million or 19% over 2009 driven by Asia generation and Latin America. During the second quarter, tax expenses unfavorable as our effective tax rate increased from 19% in the second quarter of 2009 to 48% in the second quarter of 2010. The quarterly effective rate this year is unusually high due in part to the increased tax expense associated with $115 million gain on the sale of our equity investment in CEMIG, a Brazilian utility. In addition, the year-over-year rate has been negatively impacted throughout the year by the 12/31/09 expiration of a favorable US tax law related to the treatment of certain non-US transactions. As we’ve indicated in prior calls, while renewal this legislation has been pending for some time, we remain uncertain about it at this time, although we have had positive operating results help to offset this for the first half of the year if not renewed, this would create $0.11 drag on earnings for the full year. We will continue to monitor the legislation as well as continue to work on mitigating its potential impact and update you accordingly. Given the number of other one-time items in the quarter, we provided a bridge from our second quarter 2009 adjusted EPS of $0.24 to this quarter is $0.23 to help identify the drivers between years on slide 6 of the arranged presentation available online. As a reminder, during the same quarter last year, we booked a $0.05 after-tax gain as a result of a construction claim settlement at one of our European subsidiaries. In addition, that same period last year benefited from a tax restructuring at a subsidiary, which lowered our effective tax rate for the $0.06 per share impact, when compared to the second quarter of this year. Similarly, there were several other significant transactions recorded during the second quarter of this year, which largely offset each other. These include a negative $0.03 realized foreign exchange transaction loss, triggered upon the repatriation of a Euro-denominated Brazil wind loan at $0.02 loss on the write-off previously capitalized costs that were incurred in connection with the potential transaction involving our wind business and a $0.06 gain net of tax from the sale of our equity investment in a Brazilian utility, CEMIG. None of these items impacted operating cash flow for 2010, however. In summary, when you consider all these factors to take away for the quarter is that there is a favorable trend again this quarter in earnings that is consistent with the growth and gross margin and cash flow driven by continued contributions from the Latin America and Asian components of our portfolio of businesses. Now, to address cash flow, on a consolidated basis our operating cash flow increased $210 million over the last year to $747 million. This increase was the result of higher gross margin and favorable working capital in Latin America and Asia. On a proportional basis, our operating cash flow also increased $44 million of our last year to $349 million.  Likewise, free cash flow has increased too, up $180 million to $588 million driven by higher operating cash flow, offset partially by higher maintenance CapEx. On a proportional basis, our free cash flow increased $21 million to $232 million driven primarily by our Asian businesses. Now turning to our full-year guidance, our financial and operational performance in the second quarter was very similar to the first quarter. The key macroeconomic and business drivers remain relatively consistent between quarters, and are building toward our full-year guidance expectations.  Through the second quarter, we have already achieved 50% or more for each of our guidance metrics. We expect to remain on phase for the remainder of the year and have updated the commodity price in foreign currency forecast as of June 30. Diluted EPS from continuing operations has been negatively impacted by $0.03, to $0.80 to $0.85 range to reflect the unrealized foreign currency losses from the second quarter. Given the non-cash nature of these charges, there is no impact on operating cash flow or to our adjusted EPS metrics. Before I hand the call back to Paul to discuss our progress on our pipeline of investments, let me first touch briefly on our overall liquidities, which will allow us to pursue those options.  Our parent liquidity remains at a historically high level at $2.2 billion as compared to $1.3 billion as of June 30 of last year. With $232 million from the subsidiaries during the quarter, net of corporate overhead and interest expense as well as $60 million in net proceeds from the sale of our Pakistan assets. These cash contributions set us up well to make sound capital allocations during the quarter. For example, as previously mentioned, we pre-paid $500 million of debt as a temporary use of liquidity. We also funded a $166 million of investments related to our ongoing construction and growth initiatives. Finally, in June, we also announced a $500 million share buyback program. As you saw reference in the 10-Q, during the quarter our revolver commitments stepped down by $180 million as anticipated under the terms of existing credit agreement. However, also during the quarter, we refinanced our revolver and increased the overall credit capacity from $605 million to $800 as of July 29. Under the terms of the new revolver, we also extended a maturity date from July 2011 to January 2015 and lowered pricing by 50 basis points. Beyond these economic terms, we also obtained amendments to certain covenant provisions, which will provide additional business flexibility. Some of the major benefits of those changes include an increase in the allowable first lien debt the at AES Corp from $1.75 million to $3 billion and an increase in the measure which allows restricted payments to grow as parent cash flow. We were very pleased with the terms of the revolver refinancing and for the ongoing confidence in AES provided by our banks. Many investors have asked us about the possible uses of this cash. We continue to exercise the capital allocation strategy focused on the greatest return of shareholder value.  In addition to the share repurchase program just discussed, we also prepaid $500 million of debt during the second quarter, including $400 million of secondly lean parent debt and $95 million of non-recourse debt at one of our subsidiaries in China. This discretionary payment not only added more debt capacity, but also saved approximately $45 million in annualized interest expense. During the quarter, we also announced the acquisition of the 1246-megawatt natural gas fired by Ballylumford plant in Northern Ireland for $150 million, which will generate earnings for us beginning in 2011. We are also considering the pay down of parent debt of $240 million, which is maturing through 2011. Having said that, if other value creative opportunities present themselves, we may refinance. Examples of these other types of opportunities include the $1.4 billion advanced development pipeline we’ve discussed previously, as well as M&A and the remainder of the 9000-megawatt advanced development projects. In summary, operations continue to improve over last year and we are delivering on our guidance metrics. Our credit metrics remain strong and we are investing our increasing liquidity in the best available options ranging from stock repurchase, debt retirement, M&A or Greenfield development. With that, let me turn it back to Paul, to provide additional commentary on our development pipeline.
Paul Hanrahan: Okay, thanks Victoria. Now, what I would like to do is before talking about development, turn to the progress we are making on our construction program. We are making good progress with construction. In the second quarter, we completed two win projects with combined capacity of just under 100 megawatts in China. Both of these projects in which we owned 49% stakes were completed on time and on budget.  That leaves approximately 1900 megawatts in aggregate in construction. Of this amount, 1676 megawatts is expected to come online through 2011, in line with our previous estimates. We expect 793 megawatts to come online before the end of this year including the 670-megawatt Maritsa East coal plant in Bulgaria. This plant has already achieved full load operation on the first unit generating over 330 megawatts. We have successfully fired the second unit on oil with current schedule for both units projecting to be completed by year-end. We also have another 883 megawatts of capacity in aggregate projected to come online during 2011. This includes our 520-megawatt Angamos coal plant in the mining region in the north of Chile. While we successfully hydro tested the boilers and are on schedule to fire coal in the coming months, it will meet our commitment of finishing the project during the second half of 2011.  Additionally, our 220-megawatt Changuinola hydroelectric project in Panama has completed approximately 80% of the tunneling required for the powerhouse, hydro testing of the turbines has been completed and progress continues with construction of the dam. We expect the Changuinola project to be completed by the first half of 2011 as scheduled. I am also pleased to report that we have reached a significant milestone in resuming construction of our 270 megawatt Campiche coal plant in Chile. As you recall, construction was suspended following a court ruling against the Chilean environmental authorities, which invalidated the project’s environmental permit.  The new environmental permit was subsequently issued and recently [Headar] reached an agreement with the local municipality and other groups opposed to the project. While final construction approvals are still pending, we believe construction will resume later this year with completion expected in the second half of 2012. Next, I would like to talk about our capital allocation program. As you know, we raised $1.6 billion from CIC, China Investment Corporation, in March of this year. We entered 2010 with a strong development pipeline of 9000 megawatts of advanced Greenfield development projects, which could require more than $2.5 billion of equity billed out.  In addition to having capital available for our Greenfield development pipeline, we felt that having access to ready capital might also allow us to capitalize on opportunistic acquisitions, very much like we did this quarter with our acquisitions very much like we did this quarter with our acquisitions of plants in Northern Ireland and the hydro plants in China.  Having access to this capital also allowed us to buy back stock as we did this past month, when our stock price dropped the levels far below what we believe represent the true of the company, representing an opportunity to create additional value for shareholders.  When I meet with investors, I get a lot of questions about capital allocation and how we at AES think about that, very simply we looked to create the most value per share that we can by deploying capital where we can create the greatest net present value per dollar invested. In some cases that will mean investing in new Greenfield plants or in acquisitions where we can earn a meaningful spread above our cost of capital.  In other cases it may involve buying back AES stock or even possibly serve our public subsidiaries where we can buy substantial discount to what we have projected to be the underlying value of these shares. We may also sell some of our businesses when we see if the market values exceed to what we believe to be the undervalue, of the underlying value of these businesses.  So, while we see NPV positive growth, is one very significant way to increase value per share, it isn’t the only way to do so. For example, we have recently sold assets in Pakistan, in the Middle East around the same time that we announced $500 million of stock buyback. For us, this is a good trade to sell assets at attractive prices and buyback AES shares at a discount to intrinsic value and then therefore increase the underlying value per share of our stock. As Victoria mentioned earlier, we currently have cash at the parent of approximately $2.1 billion counting the $300 million of asset sales proceeds, we are forecasting to receive in the third quarter. This liquidity when supplemented by our internally generated cash flow to the parent over the next 18 months could be used to fund up to $2.5 billion of uses of cash over that same time frame.  Those potential uses include the $500 million stock repurchase program approved by the board in June, $200 million of debt maturities in 2010 if we choose not to refinance them, $300 billion for projects currently in construction and a very visible and tangible near-term development pipeline, which we have already shared with you of approximately $1.5 billion. And this does not conclude any opportunistic value accretive acquisitions such as we just completed in China and Northern Ireland that I mentioned earlier.  This very visible intangible near-term development pipeline includes the recently announced Ballylumford gas facility in the UK, the 1200 megawatt Mong Duong coal-fired plant in Vietnam, the Alto Maipo hydro plant in Chile and a 1200 megawatt expansion of our $420 megawatt coal-fired plant in Orissa, India. As I mentioned, we see stock repurchases as a way that we can create value in today’s market also. Accordingly in July, we launched a $500 million stock buyback program, to date we have only purchased about $50 million worth of shares at an average price of just slightly under $10 per share to the extent we can continue to create value by buying back stock at a substantial discount to fair value we will likely do so. Let me now touch upon the progress we are making on our development pipeline, which we think of is our pipeline of options to invest and create that present value. We are seeing some real momentum across all regions and lines of businesses. For example in Vietnam, we’ve signed a 25-year power purchase and fuel supply agreements for our 1200-megawatt coal plant.  The EPC or construction contract negotiations are progressing well. We expect to execute a definitive construction agreement during this quarter, which would allow us to close financing for this project in the first half of 2011. With regard to solar, this quarter we began construction of 27.5 megawatts in Italy, which brings our total solar PV capacity to 115 megawatts. In addition, AES solar raised $38 million of non-recourse financing for solar PV project in Italy, and executed a 15-megawatt PPA in India. We expect to have approximately $250 megawatts of additional solar projects commencing construction between now and the end of 2011. In terms of wind, we feel good about the prospects for wind generation globally. We are currently focused on markets with favorable regulatory incentives for renewables, particularly in attractive markets outside of The United States such as Europe and Asia.  In Europe, we acquired a 353 megawatt development pipeline in Poland of which 158 megawatts is expected to begin construction in 2011. We view Poland as a strong growth market for wind, due to its wind resources and its mandate to add renewable energy in order to diverse away from coal generation. To meet its 15% renewable target, Poland needs to add approximately 10,000 megawatts of wind capacity. The first project in this pipeline is a 34-megawatt [Inaudible] project, which is on track to close and begin construction by the end of this year. We also have one of the development projects, the 29 megawatt Sorne Hill wind project which was part of the Your Energy UK development pipeline acquired this year, also expecting to close in 2010, and another project in the UK also received its final clearance to construct.  We also feel good about the prospects for wind in the US, but currently only in selective locations such as California and PJM. We intend to continue to build portfolios in those states that have renewable portfolios standards. For example, in West Virginia we started construction on our 92-megawatt Laurel Mountain wind project, which is integrated with the 32-megawatt energy storage system. This project is expected to sell electricity into the PJM market.  The integrated energy storage system will both enable the wind facility to meet emerging ramp rate control standards and generate additional revenue by providing ancillary services into the PJM market. We are building this project with turbines we already had in order and the plan is to fund the majority of the remaining construction cost by way of the 30% treasury ITC cash grant, which would be received shortly after COD. The project will be fully operational by the second quarter of 2011. In California, our 49-megawatt Mountain View Fort project has all its permits and their connection agreements in place and is targeting a closing by year-end. While many of these wind and solar projects are smaller in size, they do add up when aggregated. We also like the fact that they can be constructed quickly and start generating earnings within year of closing. M&A also continues to be something of very high interest to us. We believe that there will be attractive opportunities to acquire assets or even portfolios of assets in various parts of the world of prices that are value accretive to AES. In many of these cases, we can take advantage of the synergies in our platform, as well as our demonstrated ability to upgrade and turn around certain businesses. One good example is our recently announced acquisition of the 1246-megawatt Ballylumford natural gas fired plant in Northern Ireland for $150 million. We expect this field to close in the second half of 2010 once we have obtained the necessary regulatory approvals. This acquisition demonstrates how we can leverage our existing local presence in Northern Ireland with our nearby Kilroot Plant and the strengths of our liquidity that uses to deliver near-term accretive results. In China, we also recently acquired a 35% interest in a 241-megawatt portfolio of operating hydro facilities in China, with an additional 14% interest that is expected to close by the end of 2010, for a total of approximately $50 million of investment.  The added attraction on this transaction is the extensive experience of our joint venture partner, China Three Gorges New Energy, in developing, constructing and operating for hydro plants in the region. We are already working together on additional opportunities in China to grow our Asian hydro business. Overall, we are making very good progress in deploying capital, the acquisitions described earlier, Ballylumford and China Hydros are consistent with our M&A strategy to focus on regions with higher growth prospects and/or areas we have local knowledge and relationships from our existing operations. We will continue to invest our cash when we can make the highest risk-adjusted returns and create the greatest NPV per share whether that would be in buying back our stock at attractive prices, investing in Greenfield projects, pursuing M&A opportunities or in buying back debt to create financial flexibility. In summary, we are hitting our financial targets and completing our construction pipeline. We also have a sound capital allocation program and a strong liquidity position with which to execute it. Thanks for joining us today and for your attention this morning. We look forward to your questions and comments. Diane, could you please open up the line for questions now?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Lasan Johong, your line is now open.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Paul, Vietnam is now headed down the road of nuclear development and it sounds like lot more other countries are going to join the fray. (a) Does this have an effect on Mong Duong in anyway and (b) are you rethinking potentially your strategy for nuclear development, particularly if it’s small scale and in countries like Vietnam?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, in terms of looking at nuclear capacity, this would not affect Mong Duong, Mong Duong has got a PPA, which will be our standard long-term contract with pricing already set. In Vietnam, it really does need a lot of capacity. They are already short of capacity. They are seeing high growth in their economy, as they continue to pick up as a country, which has got low cost manufacturing capacity, they are growing quite rapidly. I think in terms of, are getting into nuclear, we’ve decided not to move in that direction. We just don’t see enough opportunities for that to justify the investment we have to put in place to build up that capability. So, I think we are interested in our core power business, gas and coal plants; renewal business, wind and solar. I think there are plenty of opportunities that we see around the world just to be focusing on those opportunities, but we don’t seek getting into nuclear. I think the other part is, just a development, the length of time it takes to develop nuclear and to construct nuclear clearly makes it tough to justify putting a lot of money into those projects for us, but thanks for the question.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: It makes sense. Could you give us also an economy trend in Latin America and Asia, are you seeing the trend going up, flat or down?
Paul Hanrahan: I think we’ve seen really strong growth in Asia and Latin America, and I think Eletropaulo has been seeing growth rates in the 5% percent range of their demand growth 6%, which has been corrected. In Asia, we are seeing, in Philippines I believe the number is over 10%, I think it’s 12% in terms of their electricity demand growth.  So, throughout Asia, we are continuing to see high growth rates as the domestic demand, domestic conception of those countries continues to pick up. So, I think in terms of trending, we think that’s a good sign in something we are focused on, because that really is the market where we invest lot of time and money and what we think we are going to see really interesting opportunities over the next 5 to 10 years.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Any update on the Braziliana sale?
Paul Hanrahan:
Andres Gluski:
Andres Gluski: Hi Lasan. Really, there is no update in terms of the Braziliana sale. The NDS has not indicated anything in terms of moving forward to the auction, which had been suspended about a year ago.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Paul Hanrahan: I will just reiterate though, that we have a right of first refusal for any auction that might take place, if and when the BNDES, the Development Bank of Brazil decides to sell its interest, and that’s one of the reasons why we think having the liquidity that we have at the parent company is really important.  I mean what we are finding is having liquidity to be able to transact, really does allow us to be selective about where we put our capital, where we see good opportunities and again I point to the Ballylumford case, where we could move quickly, we had the local knowledge, we think that really did give us a leg up on our competition and allow us to execute that transaction very quickly.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Last question for Victoria. I’m not sure why you had to take a write-off when CIC and AES came to an agreement that it would no longer invest at this time into the wind project pipeline for AES, what was that write-off about?
Victoria Harker: It wasn’t just the CIC transaction, it’s actually the accumulation of a number of couple of different transactions where we had been looking at, all of which required us to put together historical financial statement, so it was the cost involved, it was getting ready for potential transaction and required external three-year prior historical audited financial, which of course we are going to continue to keep current now.  But since we have no current transaction to justify keeping those costs hung up, we had to go ahead and trigger that and take the right down in period.
Paul Hanrahan: Let me just comment on that, because I think it’s important. We still look at wind as the business that we might eventually go out and do an IPL. We took all the steps necessary to get it ready to go and as Victoria, mentioned it’s going to remain ready to go.  In terms of accounting though, because we didn’t have a transaction out there where we could take it public or sell it right away. We decided to just go ahead and write that off, which is the appropriate accounting treatment. But in terms of the investment we made, we will be ready to go, if and when the market comes back, where it would be an attractive opportunities.  I talked about portfolio management, I could see us doing more things like that where we could take some of our assets and take them public as a way to do portfolio management, but it’s going to depend on the markets. Our solar business would be for example another one, but we in Riverstone will continue to look at the opportunities to monetize that asset, potentially monetize a part of that business because we are seeing tremendous growth, we are seeing a lot of good projects there. We will look for ways that we can do some portfolio management down the road. So, doing this kind of accounting, something we wanted to do we have it ready to do, but it’s more of the accounting treatment. I should also comment on the CIC. I know I’ve got a lot of questions, when I was on the road is to why didn’t CIC proceed with the investment in the wind business? I think, I was out there meeting with them and I think there were a number of issues going on at the time with respect to US regulatory environment, questions about what’s going to happen with our US policy to renewables that I think gave them and of course others pause about what’s the future of renewables policy in the United States. What we agreed was that we set an artificial deadline out there to get this done by a certain date, and we agreed that it really wasn’t critical for us to do it now. We don’t need the capital today, they didn’t feel the need to invest, but we have agreed that we would continue discussions and it’s very possible at some point down the road they would come back into that business prior to us doing an IPO.  I think they still see the renewable business globally as being attractive, but the urgency wasn’t there to do it right away and we felt the same way. Quite frankly, it would have added more capital, would have caused more dilution to us. We felt it’s probably not the appropriate time to be taking on more capital.  So, that’s the reason why we decided to just let the LOI elapse, but it doesn’t mean they don’t continue to have an interest on a longer-term basis.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Paul, I lied, there is one follow-up question. You just surprised me with this comment of potentially IPOing a bunch of subsidiaries to project management or to manage your portfolio, but that also implies on escalating G&A cost at the parent company. Are you scaled up for that, are you prepared for that. Is there enough people that you can bring on to make that actually work in a fluid manner?
Paul Hanrahan: Thank you for asking that question. I think Victoria is pulling back here a little bit. The answer to that is I mean very simply, we built up a big infrastructure, our G&A costs are high. The advantage we have with that though is we are really geared up to do a lot with respect to financial statements, financial reporting.  So, as I see it, if we can do some things like IPOs, we should be able to do that very cost effectively. I do feel like those and in terms of G&A, this is going to be a major effort for us in the second half of the year, is becoming leaner. We had to go through a period of time where we had restatements; we had to build up the infrastructure. We now need to get to the point where we can do this more efficiently and I think we are now at a great point to do that. This could be a combination of having the capabilities available to us where we could do more, and also starting to skinny it down a little bit. If we don’t wind up doing IPOs, we probably have the ability to tighten down a little bit more, even more on that G&A cost.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Paul Hanrahan: Yeah.
Operator: Brian Russo, your line is now open.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: Yes, hi. Good morning.
Paul Hanrahan: Good morning
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: Just to touch on the IPO discussion, was the IPO you were considering with CIC just you’re US wind assets or your entire global portfolio?
Paul Hanrahan: Well it would have been for the entire global wind portfolio or the majority of it anyway. There is some places where, like Chile where we might have to leave that with our Chilean business, but they were going to buy into the global portfolio for wind and the intent was we both looked at it as if the IPO market ever became attractive, we would always want to have the option to go do that.  I think that’s true with, if you took any collection of our assets, if we saw an opportunity to do an IPO down the road where we had the critical mass, where the markets offered attractive pricing, it might be a way to take advantage of either local markets or particular markets for types of assets that would allow us to raise more capital cheaply than we might at the parent. If you look at where our parent stock is today, it’s painfully obvious that there are better places to raise capital than in the US markets for the kind of assets we have, and that’s something that’s going on the back of our minds about, our strategy going forward is to how we raise capital as we continue to grow in particular areas.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: Already great, and just a reminder, I think that original wind agreement with CIC was they were going to pay $570 million for 35% stake of your entire portfolio?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, that’s right.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: Okay and then in terms of 2011 drivers, I know you haven’t updated your 2011 guidance in quite a while, but it looks like this Northern Ireland acquisition you meant some near-term accretion. Can you just give us some kind of background on the 1246 megawatt, is all that operational or is that lot of that needs refurbishment and so forth?
Paul Hanrahan: Well, Victoria talked about drivers for 2011. Let me start with the Ballylumford plant, I don’t remember the exact numbers but it’s about 500 megawatts of peaking capacity, 560 or so. It’s got a peaking plant, which will come off line in 2015, so that we expect that would be shut down.  The other piece of that which is roughly 600 something megawatt is a combined cycle plant which would continue operating and is contracted through 2018, so that would be the piece that we continue operating, we think has the long-term potential, but the peak would be shut down. In terms of the value from that plant, earnings accretion from that unit is probably in the range of about $0.04 per share coming from Ballylumford in 2011, that’s partly because it’s front loaded. And if we talk about our hurdle rate as being 15% and this exceeded that hurdle rate for us.  And again I think it’s because we have a plant not too far away, we know the market, we can operate it probably more efficiently by sharing resources, having some share procurement between the facilities, but given that we know the market and we can move quickly because we have liquidity, we think it enables us to get an attractive deal on that asset.  Maybe Victoria you could talk a little bit about how we are thinking about the 2011, we are not going to give guidance right now, but we can just give you some thinking about it.
Victoria Harker: Alright and we have not updated yet in part, we are still looking at sort of post the CIC transaction and the dilutions there as well as some of the actions we’ve taken over the last quarter. So, in terms of debt pay down, we had originally been about a $1.20, so we are just post those two sets of transactions we are sort of in a $1.07 to $1.10 range.  Some of these new acquisitions add back to that, and then we are also looking at some of the macroeconomic drivers relative to New York and the commodity prices. But that range I think is probably where we are looking right now, we are not through our budget cycle and we would look to update it, I think probably in the November end of your time frame.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: Okay and then just on Eastern Energy, what type of margin contribution is that provide into AES in 2010, I mean with gas prices where they are, is this generating any meaningful amount of cash and what kind of utilization rates do you have on that, and then so it seems like in ‘11 there is very little downside there and more upside?
Paul Hanrahan: Edward Hall, our head of North America and also heads our wind business and he is closest to that, he could comment.
Edward Hall: Yes, I think you stated it accurately. We did get a dividend out the first half of this year, a million dollars and going forward we have hedged through the end of this year about 85% of the economic value now given the current operating profile with gas hedges. There had been heat rate expansion in the market recently, so those are coming in above budget at this point, we are about 16% ahead of budget.  So, we are pretty good shape for this year, but the $20 million is all we expect to get out and next year we are not hedged, and looking it forward, we are not anticipating a dividend. But, so the $20 million would be the difference between this year and next year.
Victoria Harker: And we had previously -- I think when we issued our guidance for this year. We had cited the fact that we had taken that out. So anything that would be upside to the guidance that had been previously provided.
Ahmed Pasha:  Yes, I think Brian. This is Ahmed. I think that in terms of earnings if that is your question, I think probably the margins we are accepting this year because of the lower hedging pricing as compared to ’09 is a $18 million less contribution as compared to 2009, which is roughly $20 million to $30 million this year, and in ’11 I think it’s even neutral if not negative, given that we have not hedged anything in ’11.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: Okay, great, and then just lastly, on your buy back program, what kind of confidence can you give us regarding your ability or desire to complete that before it expires by year end. If I recall you had a previous 400 million share buy back, I think in ’08 maybe or early ’09 and you completed less than half. Any thoughts on that?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes. It’s hard to predict, because a lots going to depend on what the stock price does. We are not committed to spending $500 million at any price. We think we want to get a meaningful discount to the implicit value, so we are not eager to go out there and just put the money in to buying the stock, unless we can get it at good prices, and we’ll continue to evaluate what that price is as we go forward, we and the Board will.  We started this program when the stock was underlying. Its jumped up a little bit. As you can see we didn’t buy very much back, and we had some restrictions because of the earnings. Once we had a certain knowledge we were restricted as to what we could actually go do, but we’ll continue to evaluate that depending on how the stock price moves.  Obviously we don’t want to be chasing all the way up, because we do see some good opportunities for investments and acquisitions, and we won’t want to loose the ability to do that also, but we are going to balance that. When the stock is attractively priced, we’ll do that, but we’ll do it at levels that enable us to get that benefit. But that’s okay, we and the Board will continue to evaluate what’s the right limit price to do that.  And just in 2009, the reason we stopped there, and I think its relevant, was that we started to get business back -- I’m sorry, its actually 2008 I believe we did this. August 2008, when we saw our price dropping and we thought, well this is great, we are getting stock at a fantastic price, but then when the world was falling apart for us and everybody else, we started to get concerned about liquidity and we just held back, and that’s why when we looked at the CIC transaction, we begin to realize that if you got liquidity, if you’ve got cash, there’s a lot you can do and you could take advantage things. Quite frankly, if we hadn’t raised the money from CIC, we would not have been able to buy back stock at prices that were just under $10. That wasn’t our intention at the time, but at the same time its important to have the flexibility, the financial flexibility to go do things for value accreted for shareholders. So, there we didn’t stop because we didn’t like the price, we stopped because we were worried about liquidity. We are beyond that point now and I think we’ve got the financial flexibility to do many things.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Paul Hanrahan:  You are welcome.
Operator: Ali Agha, your line is now open.
Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Thank you. Good morning.
Paul Hanrahan:  Good morning Ali.
Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. One, first off Victoria, I just wanted to clarify a couple of numbers from the quarter and from your prepared remarks, making sure that I heard those correctly. I thought you had mentioned that FX was a positive in the quarter, but in that slide, waterfall slide, I believe slide 6, I did not see that other than the FX transaction losses that you broke out. What was the FX impact in the quarter for you?
Victoria Harker:  About $0.03 impact.
Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Positive?
Victoria Harker:  Yes.
Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, and then on the tax rate question, I guess two parts, one is that 47% or 48% tax rate you alluded to, is that the same tax rate we should think about when we think about adjusted earnings that move around, and then the other part, I think you mentioned something about a potential level of earnings hit. It wasn’t quite clear. Could you just elaborate a little more on that issue?
Victoria Harker:  Sure, and to answer your first point relative to the 48%, that was the common -- that’s where the effective tax rate was. It was a combination of the semi gain and the transactional gain that we recognized in the quarter, as well as the lack of that legislation having been enacted. The 48% on an adjusted basis would still be sort of at the mid 35%, 36%.  What I was referring to in terms of just the legislative piece of this alone, which would be recurring in nature obviously if not extended, which would have had an $0.11 impact on EPS for full year, we’ve had enough operating benefits, that we’ve offset some portion of that through the year so far.  I was flagging the fact that obviously the legislation still has not been enacted if we fight that, I think in our MG&A both quarters now, and so we will continue to look for offsetting opportunities as the years goes on, but it has been an underlying assumption going into this year, that that would have been reenacted and that it was at about $0.11 full year impact. So that’s just context for those moving parts.  If we do not get it for example, though we would be higher than we would have projected on an effective tax rate, probably in the closer to the mid 30s than the low 30s on a percentage basis, and all of that of course is non-cash impacting.
Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Right, but to be clear, right now you are booking income with the assumption that the law does not change?
Victoria Harker:  Correct.
Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay.
Victoria Harker:  That has already come out, that we are not expecting an extension of which would have gotten us to the lower tax rate.
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, I think to me, very simply the way to think about is, everything we reported to-date is reflecting the fact that the legislation has not been extended. If it were not to be extended, then it’s probably a $0.06 hit relative to our guidance. The net impact we think we’d end up. So that’s -- if you are think about it, that’s the potential exposure to the company.
Victoria Harker:  But that said, as we did with the first half of this year, we are assessing opportunities to offset that $0.06, so just for clarity, we wanted to pinpoint the fact that that’s driving the tax rate, however we are looking at other offsetting opportunities to make sure that we can hit the guidance we previously announced.
Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Right, and the $0.06 gain from some of it Victoria, to be clear, that is included in adjusted earnings, correct?
Victoria Harker: Yes, yes.
Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay. And then finally Paul, coming back to you, when you look at your development project pipeline in your appendix, the three big projects, and you alluded to Vietnam, I believe India and perhaps there is another one in Chile, that require the largest amount of equity and presumably have the largest impact to your bottom line. Are all scheduled to come online 2014, 15 and beyond the time period, and the bulk of your construction program as you pointed out gets completed next year.  When you are looking at other opportunities out there, are there opportunities of similar magnitude and have similar bottom line implications that could potentially come in between the 11 and 15 time period?
Paul Hanrahan:  Yes, I think you look at those as being primarily acquisitions, which they are going to be kind of lumpy and difficult to predict, but acquisitions are the kinds of things that you could get that in a matter of may be six months. You also have the renewables which are a big focus force and wind projects typically from the time you close, to pre align, that’s may be year, and then you talk about solar projects which might be less than a year. As I mentioned, these are the small projects, there are a lot of them going on, but when you start to add up the total numbers, it gets to be a meaningful number. So I do see the renewables contributing to the growth here also, in addition to acquisitions we may do, but acquisitions are probably the bulk of the -- if we are talking about anything meaningful, those would be probably a bigger ticket items that would be coming online.
Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Right. Other than BNDS, which may or may not utilize next year, are there other sort of privatizations or other such actions that are sort of bottled up that you could point us to, that may also be an opportunity for you?
Paul Hanrahan:  Well, BNDS would be one. It’s hard to go out there and talk about it. Many of these conversations are confidential. I think one place, which I could mention that we do see some opportunities, would be the privatization of generation plants in Turkey. We’ll be seeing some things come online there.  I think the other thing is we are seeing -- generally there are private equity players that have taken our funds that have picked up some assets and are now beginning to look at ways to monetize those. We’ll be just hanging around looking for opportunities like that, but you got to find the right value proportion, and if we could find that, we’d look across those, but they are just difficult to predict in advance, and once you start working on them, you generally can’t say much about them.  I think the only other one would be, which I mentioned is the Campiche project, which is it’s pushed out a little bit, but that’s one that we were very concerned about. I think the good news there is we can reinitiate construction on that plant, which is partly built and that’s coming online. I think we’re seeing Ahmed, 2012. So 2012 we’ll get a little bit growth in that one also. But the M&A ones are just tough to predict and tough to communicate or telegraph in advance.
Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Gregg Orrill, your line is now open.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about capital return to shareholder as a regular idea. Whether it’s on your thought process on the dividend or in the event that you do complete the buyback this year. How would you think about that heading into next year.
Paul Hanrahan: Lee Cooper must have been talking to you. On the dividend question really is, would we see dividend in future. I think as we said in the past, we don’t think it make sense to be paying a dividend today, because we do have some growth opportunities.  I think if you go out a couple of years though, I think we start to generate a lot of cash and whether or not we’ll see enough value accretive opportunities to deploy that cash, I think it’s very possibly that you could see or start to look at dividend as a meaningful way to do that.  Right now our current free cash flow is about $400 million, and that’s the cash we have on hand after paying interest to all the corporate charges, but our objective is to really start to build that up, so it’s a meaningful amount and gives us plenty of cushion.  Once we get to number that, where we feel more comfortable, I know it’s something that we at the Board level had been talking about, so I don’t think we are there today. We will clearly be at a point where we could do something like that in couple or three years and the real question is, at what point in time would we actually want to go do that.  So we’ll keep looking at that and we are open to it, but it’s really our focus is to generate more current free cash flow, so we got the ability to comfortably put out a dividend that’s meaningful.
Victoria Harker: One of the things that mechanically we’ve also done and Gregg just to tell you about it, relative to the revolvers we went and renegotiated the terms of that. We were now allowed to from a basket transaction that will allow the cap to grow as apparent free cash flow grows as well. So it does give us the capability to get some of those projects online, apparent cash flow is growing. It also raises the capital to the amount you could actually be paying out under whether the stock buyback or a dividend distribution.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Yes. Thank you.
Paul Hanrahan: Your welcome. Why don’t we see and maybe taken one more question and then we could end this up, so we could get back to the day.
Operator: I show no questions at this time.
Paul Hanrahan: Okay. Well, then it’s perfect.
Ahmed Pasha: Well, thank you all again in attending this morning. If you have any questions, please feel free to call either Ms. Michael or myself. Thank you and have a nice day.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ahmed Pasha - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul Hanrahan - President and CEO Victoria Harker- EVP and CFO Andres Gluski - EVP and COO
Analysts: Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Elizabeth Parrella - Merrill Lynch Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers Brian Russo- Ladenburg Thalmann Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor
Operator: Good morning. My name is Elsa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the AES first quarter 2008 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to provide any background noise. After the speaker's noise there will be a question-and-session period. (Operator Instructions). It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Ahmed Pasha. Sir, you may begin.
Ahmed Pasha: Thanks, Elsa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our First quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Paul Hanrahan, President and Chief Executive Officer; Victoria Harker, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andres Gluski, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Paul will begin today's discussion by providing a general overview of the quarter. Victoria will provide few more detail and analysis on the quarter results. Following Victoria, Paul will provide an update on some of our growth initiatives. Before we begin this morning's call, I would like to remind you that any statements made herein about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Our discussion of factors that could cause actual reserves or events to vary is contained in our filings and in the Investor Section of our website www.aes.com. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Victoria.
Paul Hanrahan: Thanks, Ahmed. I am going to go ahead and leave up. Good morning, everybody. We had good first quarter with adjusted EPS of $0.39 per share versus $0.24 per share in Q1 of last year. Our results were ahead of expectations caused by some unexpected factors such in as the Southern Cone in Latin America, where the combined effects of gas and hydrological conditions in Chile and Argentina led to high power prices allowing our portfolio plans throughout the region to capitalize on these conditions. We also adjusted the timing of certain outrages in the region to take advantage of this attractive power prices. We do not foresee, however, the few circumstances will continue throughout the year. However, if these trends continue through the second quarter, we believe there could be some upside to our existing guidance. We'll continue to evaluate throughout the second quarter and update our guidance if and when appropriate. We'll also continue to make some substantial progress in the development of our growth pipeline in the three areas of strategic focus for us, those being core power, renewables and climate solutions. I'll talk about our progress in more detail after Victoria Harker, our CFO covers the financial results. Before turning over to Victoria, I would like to comment and how we think about allocating capital and how we might source this capital. With the number of attractive investment opportunities available around the globe, how we allocate capital and how we fund these investments becomes increasingly important. To some extent having more opportunities in capital is a good way of imposing discipline on us to select the best of the available opportunities. And each investment opportunity has to compete against all uses of capital including potentially paying down debt or returning cash to shareholders to stock buybacks. In the near-term, we see number of attractive investment opportunities, but we also want to be prepared and have the options available in the future to decide to allocate capital to buyback stock. If it offers the best return, it will increase the value of the company on a per share basis. With our stock currently trading at low levels, this thus become an attractive option. It seriously competes with other investment opportunities. For these reasons, it remains a priority to remove constrains on our second lien notes and bank debt that prohibit us from buying back stock. It's also important, however, that we do so in ways that are economically attractive. So we'll do so opportunistically as market conditions allow. As I think about how to fund these investments in Greenfield projects, acquisitions or potentially stock buybacks, it's clear that selling some of our assets may, in fact, be the most inexpensive source of capital to fund these investments. As we've seen from the sales process of some of our existing assets, valuations remained attractive in today's market. So for those businesses, where we don't see a significant opportunity to further increase the value of the business through improving performance or using the business as a platform to grow, we will consider selling those assets. In essence, we need to keep our capital invested in assets where we can earn superior returns by focusing on our operational, commercial and development skills. And then we can redeploy this capital to the potential uses, which I described previously. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Victoria who will give you senses to how our business performed in the first quarter. Victoria?
Victoria Harker: Thanks, Paul and good morning to everyone. As you've heard from Paul already, we had very strong first quarter, generating GAAP earnings of $0.34 a share and adjusted earnings of $0.39 a share with most key financial metric showing significant improvement year-over-year. During the quarter, there were several dynamics in play that caused this. We benefited from strengthening operations across the global portfolio of businesses particularly in generation businesses in both Latin America and in Europe. In addition, our Latin America and European generation segments revenue benefited from both higher spot and contract prices as well as higher volumes due to increased demand in those geographies. And also, not unexpectedly, with so much of our revenue is now generated overseas, FX was a contributor in many locations. All of these trends seem to be moving in the right direction for us. In addition, our portfolio management activities have gained momentum. We're making significant progress in completing the sale of our Northern Kazakhstan businesses and expect this transaction to close later this quarter. Going forward, we will report only the management fee income from these businesses during the term of our three-year contract. We also expect to close the sale of the oil-fired Hefei plant in China in third quarter 2008. Net-net, these four elements drove better than expected results in the quarter, as we continue our focus on execution. Now, to the details of the quarter. Revenue in the first quarter increased by 33% to $4.1 billion. Approximately one-fourth of that growth was attributable to favorable foreign currency rates while the remainder was due primarily to higher tariff, fuel price pass-throughs, and increased volumes in our Latin American, Asian, and European generation businesses. Year-over-year, we also benefited from a full quarter of operations from the TEG and TEP plants in Mexico, which were acquired in February 2007. Likewise, in-quarter gross margins on a year-over-year basis increased by $197 million, or 23% to a full $1 billion. Approximately one-third of that improvement was attributable to favorable foreign currency rate with higher prices and volumes for our generation businesses in Latin America and Europe accounting for most of the remainder. There were also significant financial impacts to EPS from operational improvements in Latin America and in Europe, which I will later cover in the call. Similar to revenue and gross margins, income before tax, equity earnings and minority interest improves significantly in the first quarter increasing like $219 million or $0.54 to $628 million, with a $197 million of the improvements beginning in gross margin. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was $471 million. Excluding EDC which were sold during second quarter 2007, net cash from operating activities increased by $3 million year-over-year. Net operating cash flow benefited from improved operations as well, which were generated by higher energy sales. As a result, there was a commensurate increase in receivables of approximately $292 million, which are generally payable within 30 to 60 days from the time of sale. As a result, we would not anticipate collections on those receivables until later in the second quarter. Gross capital expenditures, combined with acquisitions were $640 million for the quarter. This was comprised primarily of projects under construction, including our Maritza project in Bulgaria, and our wind development projects in the U.S. It also now includes the acquisition of a 67 megawatt Mountain View wind farm in California and the Nejapa landfill gas project in El Salvador. Approximately $232 million of our gross CapEx was finance through non-recourse debt. Maintenance CapEx was $179 million, including $30 million of environmental upgrade, the majority of which were at IPL and at our plants in New York. Free cash flow for the quarter was $292 million excluding the impact of EDC year-over-year, free cash flow decreased by $3 million as compared to the first quarter of 2007. As discussed earlier, free cash flow is flat in the quarter, primarily due to increase in as yet unpaid receivables in our generation businesses. In the first quarter 2008, GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations as compared to the prior year doubled to $0.34, while adjusted EPS increased by 63% to $0.39. Just as a reminder the $0.17 of GAAP earnings last year in the first quarter 2007 included $0.05 of impairment charges related to our investments in AgCert and $0.02 of FAS 133 mark-to-market losses. Similarly the $0.34 of GAAP earnings in first quarter 2008 includes impairments charges of $0.04 and a $0.01 of FAS 133 mark-to-market losses. For the first quarter 2008, the impairment charges that have been excluded from our adjusted EPS calculations included $19 million or $0.03 write-off of business development costs associated with the discontinued peaker project effort in South Africa and a $14 million or $0.01 additional impairment taken at our Uruguaiana generation facility in Southern Brazil. First quarter 2008 results also included an impairment expense of approximately $14 million related to the sale of our share in the Hefei facility, a 115 megawatt oil-fired plant in China for $39 million in March of this year. Now, I will provide some additional color on the financial drivers of the year improvement in both GAAP earnings as well as adjusted EPS. The main drivers in the increased GAAP and adjusted earnings were improved operations as well as generally better than anticipated environmental condition in Latin America. Specifically, we realized approximately $0.10 per share improvement from our generation businesses located in the Southern Cone of Latin America and an approximately $0.04 per share from our generation businesses located in Europe. The improved operating results in the Southern Cone of Latin America came primarily from Chile, where we benefited from both higher regulated note prices for contract sales as well as higher stock market prices. This was due to significantly drier than expected hydrology and reduced gas from Argentina. In the past our results suffered from these circumstances, because spot prices were not high enough to allow us to employ substitute fuels economically. By contrast, in this quarter, the hydrology and reduced gas led to spot prices high enough to enable us to capture positive margins by running some of our generation plans on diesel, including Los Vientos our 125 megawatt peaker facility, which came online in January 2007. This improved economics allowed us to differ a schedule maintenance outage at Norgener, our 277 megawatt coal fired plant to later this year. Argentina was also another strong contributor to the improved Southern Cone performance this quarter. Similar to Chile, we benefited from higher spot market prices, resulting from lower normal rainfall. We responded to the unseasonably higher spot market prices by increasing both our thermal generation at Central Termica San Nicolas as well as our hydro generation at Alicura reservoir facility.  We were able to increase our hydro generation at Alicura despite comparatively low rainfall, due to higher than normal snowmelt. These environmental conditions occurred simultaneously to beneficial market pricing. So, we were able to maximize on both. In Europe, the key drivers behind improved operations were higher volumes at our Kazakhstan unit, higher capacity payments at Kilroot in Northern Ireland, and higher capacity in energy payments at Tisza II and Borsod in Hungary.  The higher capacity payments at Tisza II reflected the fact, that we are now receiving our full contract pricing from the Hungarian government there. It is important to note that several of these factors, which contributed to the strong operational results in the first three months of this year, are not necessarily expected to carry over into subsequent quarters at the same pace we experience in the first quarter. For example the unseasonably high spot market in Chile and Argentina may decrease, since the region enters its winter season and rainfall increases. In addition we soon expect the arrival of colder weather to increase the demand for gas in Argentina, potentially tightening supply and limiting our ability to sell power from our TermoAndes facility in the Northern Chilean spot market. These factors in combination with increasing overall coal and commodity price trends commensurate with oil prices, all suggest that while operations were quite positive in the first quarter, it may be premature to modify our outlook at this point. We obviously will continue to monitor events and update our forecast, as Paul has indicated, accordingly. Turning our attention to back to the year-over-year comparison, foreign currency translation and transaction benefits, of $0.02 each, also contributed to improvement in GAAP and adjusted earnings. The increase in foreign currency transaction gains was primarily related to euro denominated notes held at the corporate level, and gains realized at Gener, as a result of the 14% appreciation of Chilean pesos over the past year. These improvements were offset in part by higher expenses for the quarter, which increased $20 million, year-over-year, to $99 million or $0.02 per share. The increase in expense is associated primarily with the plant ramp and business development activity. As well as, higher corporate overhead costs, related to the strengthening of our financial reporting and analysis functions. And including, the implementation of SAP, worldwide. Net interest for the quarter was largely unchanged year-over-year. The consolidated tax rate for the first quarter was 38%, as compared to 43% in first quarter 2007. The decrease in the effective tax rate from the first quarter 2007 to 2008 was primarily due to a $35 million non-deductible charge taken in 2007, associated with the company's investment in AgCert and changes in tax laws from 2007 to 2008. Weighted average shares outstanding increased nominally by 2 million from 677 million to 679 million from the first quarter 2007 to first quarter 2008. The increase in shares was due primarily to the exercise of stock options. Now, let's briefly hit on the key highlights of the segment results. As I mentioned earlier, our Latin American generation segment revenues increased by $468 million, approximately 75% of which was generated by our Chilean and Argentine businesses. Higher spot prices and volumes of $36 million at our Dominican Republic and Panama businesses contributed as well. Gross margin increased by $150 million in comparison to first quarter 2007, primarily due to increased contract and spot market sales and volumes. Consistent with the increased revenues, our Chilean and Argentine businesses, contribute the majority of the $150 million, year-over-year improvement, in gross margins. In our Latin America utilities segment revenues increased by $292 million, primarily due to favorable foreign currency translation of $232 million. Increased volume sales of $91 million, and tariff adjustments of approximately $46 million, at Eletropaulo in Brazil contributed as well. Gross margin increased by $12 million, primarily due to increased volume sales of approximately $91 million, at Eletropaulo in Brazil and favorable foreign currency translation of approximately $38 million. The gain on those improvements was somewhat diminished by a lower pricing, as a result of the tariff resets in Eleropaulo in July of last year. In North America, generation revenues increased, year-over-year, by $53 million, primarily due to $26 million in TEG and TEP in Mexico and $12 million to mark-to-me derivative adjustments as a result of a smaller loss recorded in first quarter of 2008, as compared to first quarter of 2007. Gross margin increased in North America by $90 million compared to first quarter 2007, primarily due to mark-to-market adjustments and higher volumes, availability and a revenue adjustment of approximately $7 million at our Thames plant, in Connecticut, offset in part by a net decrease of $5 million due to revenue adjustment and Merida in Mexico. At IPL, our North America utility revenue decreased by $14 million, due primarily to the establishment of a regulatory reserve of $30 million, related to a one time, proposed credit to customers. Offset in part by an increase in rate adjustments of $11 million, associated with recoverable fuel costs and environmental investments. The regulatory reserve established in connection with the proposed credit to customers was the primary reason gross margin in the first quarter decreased by $29 million year-over-year. In Europe and Africa generation revenues increased by $68 million, primarily due to higher energy pass throughs and accelerated capacity payments under terms of an amended power purchase contracts for Kilroot in Northern Ireland and an increase in capacity payments received at our Tisza II facility in Hungary. Higher volumes and spot prices due to continued demand growth in Kazakhstan contributed as well.  Gross margin increased by $33 million, $26 million of which was contributed by our Northern Ireland and Hungarian plants, due to higher contract pricing. While, the remainder came primarily from Kazakhstan, as higher energy sales offset increases and fixed cost. Europe and Africa utilities revenue increased, by $37 million, mainly due to increased tariff rates of $18 million in Ukraine, as well as favorable currency translation of approximately $13 million at Sonel in Cameroon. Gross margin increased by $3 million, primarily due to increased tariff rates in Ukraine and reduced fuel consumption in Cameroon, as a result of improved hydrology, year-over-year. In our Asia segment, revenues were up a $135 million, primarily due to approximately $100 million of fuel cost pass throughs at our Pakistani facility. Gross margins increased by $5 million, primarily due to higher availability at Barka in Oman, and Kelanitissa in Sri Lanka. In closing, we are very pleased with our first quarter financial results and many of the milestones that mark key successes in our operating trends. It is, of course, early in the year, so we are continuing to access our going forward EPS estimates. It's important to note that some of the drivers of the first quarter favorability, like Kazakhstan, once sold, will have a diminishing impact going forward. And we will also expect to see continuing higher commodity prices. We will, of course, continue to update you, as we look at results and forecast, as the year progresses. At this time, I'd like to turn the presentation back over to Paul.
Paul Hanrahan: Thanks Victoria. I would like to take couple of minutes and just walk through some of the progress we made in the development activities, developing our pipeline, and as I mentioned, we've made some good progress there. In the core power business, we completed the acquisition of the 660 megawatt Masinloc coal-fired power plant in the Phillipines. As we've mentioned in the past, this plant was originally built with much of the infrastructure needed to double the size of the plant in a country that desperately needs core capacity is heavily reliant on oil for generation today. So building a second plant is a very real option for us. It's also worth noting that we were able to fund 60% of the acquisition of this plant with long-term non-recourse debt. So the project finance market has remained robust for us. In Chile, as we've mentioned in the past, we've been developing several power projects. One of these called the Angamos plant is a 520 megawatt coal plan in the Northern grid, where most of the copper production occurs. During the first quarter, we signed a 15-year PPA for 370 megawatts with one of the largest copper producers in Chile. We also had an EPC contract finalized which allowed our business in Chile called Gener to move forward and to start construction last month. This is also in addition to another 270 megawatt project in the Central grid of Chile, which is an expansion of our Ventanas facility, which also began construction in April. Thus, we've moved 1,450 megawatts of generating capacity from the development phase to the construction or operations phases since we last spoke of you. In our renewables businesses, we also had a few accomplishments. In wind, we acquired a 67 megawatt wind farm in California, where we had been the operator of the facility and knew the assets quite well. Beside an interconnection agreement which is one of the critical pieces in any wind deal, for an 80 megawatt wind farm in California, which has a PPA in place and should go online in 2009. We also achieved another major milestone where we received approval of our planning application for a 22 megawatt wind farm in Scotland, where we also have several other wind projects in the development phase. In hydro our joint venture in Turkey, of which we own 51% started construction of three small hydros with the total capacity of 62 megawatts. These are expected to come online by 2011. We also have several more small hydros as well as some thermal projects in our pipeline in Turkey. And in solar, our new joint venture with Riverstone made some early progress by initiating construction in several photovoltaic solar projects in Spain with a combined capacity of approximately 19 megawatts. We also have a number of other projects in development in Southern Europe that look promising. While these small projects we see this business continuing to grow in countries that are looking for more diversification of the renewable resources. And in our Climate Solutions venture that produce this greenhouse gas offsets, we completed the acquisition of a landfill gas project in El Salvador that will be ramping up offset production levels from 180,000 tons per year to an average of 400,000 tons per year. In addition, we'll be ramping up production of electricity from this gas from an initial level of 5 megawatts to 25 megawatts. It's worth noting, there was a combination of our climate solutions team along with our team in country that runs our distribution business in El Salvador that identified and closed this acquisition. I think it's this combination of specific centralized capabilities in creating offset projects combined with the strong local know-how in many of the city and countries, where we have existing business that gives us a real advantage in this new market. While we've learned about the offset business is that the process to create and to certify offset is extremely difficult and complicated. We clearly have seen that the process takes much longer than anyone would have expected, but the fact that its so complicated and involves locations and exotic ZIP codes, where we already operate gives me comfort that AES, more than others can create a real and sustainable competitive advantage in this area. It's also a market that you continue to grow over time as governments recognize that developing some form of carbon emission offsets is really the only practical method to start reducing greenhouses gases in the near and medium terms. I'd like to thank you for joining us today. We're off to a good start for the year with a strong first quarter, good progress and development which should lead to the creation of more options for us to deploy capital, but always in the context of what will result in the greatest value creation. At this point, we'd be pleased to field any questions you might have for us. Operator, if you would please open up the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning.
Paul Hanrahan: Good morning.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: First of all, nice quarter. Can you give us an update on what's going on with the right of first refusal at Eletropaulo. I heard you guys said last time June might be the time when you guys said last time in June, might be the time when you guys revisit the market. Is that still on track?
Paul Hanrahan: Yeah. I think it's a little bit uncertain but Andres Gluski who is here, Chief Operating Officer. He's been working on this very closely and can give you the latest from Brazil.
Andres Gluski: Sure. The decision of when the auction or sale will take place as BNDES's, which is our partner Braziliana. So it's the sale of the position in Braziliana which includes Tiete, it also includes Uruguaiana. We think that it will probably take place toward the end of the second quarter beginning of the third. We continue to be interested in exercising our right of first refusal. We have in place local financing. We also have interest from local partners as well. So we feel we're in a very good position. But in terms of the exact timing, this is really up to BNDES.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Paul, I know you've got a big pipeline working, but probably development projects, but you haven't updated us with kind of like a global picture of how much you have in the pipe, what's in development, what's imminently signable. Can you give us big broad strokes of those kind of pictures?
Paul Hanrahan: So I think, I went through that in the last quarter call, and I don't want to go through it all again.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Well, nothing has changed, you say.
Paul Hanrahan: Nothing's changed. I mean I think it continues to look good. We're moving the projects forward in Chile with the other progress we're making, and it makes me think it's very achievable. What we will be doing though, we've heard from a number of investors, including you, what people are looking for is more of an update on these various projects. So what we'll be doing going forward, is providing a little bit more detail, maybe to one of the investor conferences we'll have an opportunity to do this, that are coming up. And in our calls, we'll provide more detail on the specifics but since we last updated you, it looks pretty much the same and I think we're on track to hit those targets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Victoria, when do you expect to go the external testing?
Victoria Harker: I am sorry, for what?
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: For the systems and the accounting and everything.
Victoria Harker: We have remediated all, but two of our material weaknesses. We have the legal entity sensing schedule for the summertime, so essentially next quarter. And we are continuing to work through the contract remediation, which we actually had teed up for testing at the end of this quarter. So we will continue to good progress on that. My expectation is that we will be completed with both by year end.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Both as an internal and external testing by year end?
Victoria Harker: Yes.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Paul, do you have any plans to go marketing outside of the one or two conferences you usually do in a year?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes. I think now that our financial systems -- I think as you can see, we're getting a little bit better getting our numbers out in time. I think give us more flexibility to go out and talk to people. So it really is our intention for Victoria, me and Ahmed to get out to the various locations and talk to people and give more of an update. Especially, because we have so much in our growth pipeline I think for us to really get credit for all the development that's going on, we're going to need to communicate with people very clearly. And let people know how that progress is going. Because I think that's what people are waiting to see what the stock price is. How we're doing in terms of executing on that development pipeline? And that's what I think we're going to need to as a catalyst to move the stock. So that's why it's going be important for us to get out and talk with people.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Couldn't agree with you more. I think there is only last issue for me, my understanding of the Southern Cone situation is that more or less what you're telling us is last year when this happened. Power prices were not high enough to take advantage of. This year, you did. Going forward there might be some more benefits in the second quarter but you're waiting to monitor it and there might be an adjustment to guidance now. Last time you had given us guidance, it was a spot guidance of $1.14. Previously, it was a range of $1.12 to $1.20. Are we talking about busting through the $1.14 or are we talking about moving up the range from $1.12 to $1.20 to something else.
Paul Hanrahan: I will have Andres talk a little bit about the hydrology gas situation in Argentina and Chile, because it's more complicated than what it appeared first. But, I think, what we are seeing right now, is we are not adjusting guidance. And right now we've seen prices start to come down in Argentina and Chile. But they are still higher than we would have expected at this point. We also have some other factors out there, with respect to coal prices, with some of our plants, that aren’t completely hedged, where we have seen movement in coal prices which could have a negative impact on the future. Right now as we are saying, we are not adjusting guidance. By the end of the second quarter, we have a better feel for how it looks for the year. But really, we would be talking with reference to the $14 possibly having some upside
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Got it, understood.
Paul Hanrahan: Let me have Andres, maybe he could just explain what's happening in Chile and Argentina?
Andres Gluski: I think to understand the situation in Chile, if it's a very dry year, like this year, it allows us to run more of our plant and take advantage of high spot prices. If it's a mildly dry year, then the prices aren’t high enough to operate them at a less efficient price. So that's was the situation last year. In addition, last year as you know, we had our CPSN plant, unit number 5 out for two crucial months, during the winter months of the Southern Cone. So, obviously we are operating better this year. The conditions are drier in Chile and that's more favorable to us. However, we as winter comes into Southern Cone more of cutoff in gas prices. And spike that we had in prices in the Brazilian and in Chilean markets in the end of the year 2007, beginning of this quarter have normalized. So we expect to go back to a more normal situation in future months.
Paul Hanrahan: And I would just like to add to what Andres said. It's more of a generic comment about our business. In many places you are seeing more volatility in power prices, and that's particularly true with different fuels having price volatility. The importance of having high availability, of having good operations is been driven home to us. I think that became clear really over the past few years, and the efforts of Andres, Dave Key and other Regional Presidents to upgrade the availability of plants has been a big focus for us over the last few years. You have seen our maintenance CapEx actually creep up a little bit, but it's all been driven in order to have that flexibility. To be able to operate and run the plants when prices are high. So, it's something we are really focused on and I think in this last quarter you saw our ability to take advantage of that.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: That's great. And just one other question on Chile, are there plans to perhaps find a way to bridge the gap between a good hydro year and a very bad hydro year, where in the middle you are kind of caught between a hard place and a rock? Is there plans kind of maybe to find a way to eliminate that spot?
Andres Gluski: Basically, I think, what's going to change the situation is the number of plants that we are building in Chile. We have a 1000 under construction, most of these are coal and therefore they will bridge the gap in future years and sort of even out our earnings at Gener.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Victoria Harker: Lasan just one last comment, this is Victoria, and I referenced it slightly in my comments. Besides commodity prices and Southern Cone performance, we also had at Kazakhstan, which is when the sale completes. It will no longer be part of our earnings going forward, other than the management contract. It did contribute to favorability in the first quarter, so that's the other piece that we're monitoring.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Got it, thank you.
Paul Hanrahan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Kiani with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Paul Hanrahan: Good morning.
Victoria Harker: Hi, John.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: I have a few questions on capital allocation and portfolio optimization. Based on the high valuations that people are putting on Indian power assets right now, have you thought about IPOing or selling an interest in the 2,500 Megawatt development pipeline that you have in India, especially considering the meaningful value that's tied up in the coal concessions that you have already been awarded?
Paul Hanrahan: We talked about internally. I think our view is we probably need to get a little bit further down the road thinking about value creation. I think the amount of money that we have to spend to further those projects isn't that great. I also think its going to be a strong market for a long time to come, just given the potential there. I think we'd like to take it to little bit further stages of development, where we could capture more value by going out and doing something like that, some portfolio management. It's also, I think, an important market for us to build on. Its going to have maybe one of the biggest power markets in the world for independent power producers over the next, say, 10 years. So, we really want to maintain little bit more control over that process, at least in the early stages, but clearly if we saw an opportunity to do something like that, that would be attractive to us. I just think its little bit premature at this point.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That's helpful. And then, as far wind development is concerned, can you remind me of how many megawatts of wind generation you'll have in service by the end of this year?
Paul Hanrahan: Let me have Ned Hall, who is head of the wind business. He is here. Maybe he could just tell you what's going on there and how would be an operation.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: That'll be great. And also, what the pipeline is beyond that?
Ned Hall: Good morning. This is Ned Hall. We have in construction at Buffalo Gap, 370 Megawatts, and as Paul mentioned, we purchase 67 megawatts. We do some other deals in the works that will potentially add to that but those are the two things that we publicly announced, that it will come online this year. We also have, as we’ve referenced in the past, the pipeline of above 5,000 megawatts, a little more than half of that in the United States, a little more than half of that outside the United States. And consistent with AESs past business development focuses, we are very much trying to grow our pipeline, and our business opportunities outside of United States right now, in the markets where AES has a strong presence.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, your development pipeline beyond the end of ’08 is about 5,000 megawatts and what will be the approximate number of megawatts you have in service by the end of this year then?
Ned Hall: The total, based on what I just told you, it will be just little over 1,000 megawatts.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, 1,000 plus roughly another 5,000 in the pipeline.
Ned Hall: Right.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, one last question on capital allocation. Are the senior securities that are callable, I believe either this month or next, the last tranche of debt outstanding that you need to either pay down or refinance before you have flexibility to buyback stock?
Victoria Harker: We have two tranches. We have the main maturities and then we’ve also got the second leans. And we are looking at both.
Paul Hanrahan: And we have the, some bank debt on top of that. So I believe rough numbers are, the second lean is about $700 million, will be over $750 million. And bank debt, maybe something in that same order of magnitude, $950 million. And some of these, what we could do is, you don’t necessarily have to refinance them. There is possibility we could get covenant changes. There are number of different ways you could go out and attack this. But that’s something that Chip Hoagland and his team is trying to think through, what will be the best way to go forward.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And the second leans are higher coupon from what I understand. So those could also be attractive from a cost perspective as well?
Victoria Harker: Not necessarily. They are not the highest. So, we will obviously refinance in the descending order of priority in terms of maturities and in terms of cost. But the covenants obviously will be our focus in terms of getting those out.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, the second leans and the bank debt. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Elizabeth Parrella with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Parrella - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. And Paul, your comments on capital allocation, certainly do seem somewhat different from how you prioritized things in mid-March in terms of making the removal of these covenants a priority. Whereas before in mid-March you were talking about, don’t necessarily look for us to do a lot of discretionary GAAP repayments, because of the opportunity you have on the growth side. The stock has sort of been in the same range it has been for the past few months, are there other things that have changed or its just the more opportunities maybe to do something on the debt side now, more economically than before, or is it the return prospects you're seeing in you're seeing in the portfolio or maybe the timing, moneys is being laid out the growth; what has changed?
Paul Hanrahan: I think, in March, what I was concerned about really was the market ability to get capital. I think things were little uncertain back then, and our desire was not to do anything and use up lot of capital unnecessarily and potentially slowdown our growth. The stock reacted, it created some opportunities, but we didn’t had the flexibility to go do something. I think now our sense is the market is offering floor opportunities. There will probably be windows where we can do something and windows where we can't. The Braziliana transaction has also been pushed out a little bit. So I think we see a little bit more flexibility, but most and in particular it’s the market where I think even we are going to see the things, situations where the market is tight. I think we are going to see windows, where it will open up. We just want to be prepared to react to those windows and to take the steps to remove those because it makes sense to get it done. And our attention is always to do that. But I do think there is a lot of volatility in the markets, but it's offering opportunities to execute when the market is good. So our view is we'll probably find opportunities to do that.
Elizabeth Parrella - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I had a question for you on slide seven. You had a big reduction in parent liquidity this quarter, looks like most of the reasons for that was you had $644 million investments in subsidiary. Can you kind of indicate us what are the bigger pieces of that, $644 million?
Victoria Harker: Sure. Elizabeth, this is Victoria. Of the 644, I think the biggest drivers were Mountain View and the Brazil wind projects, which we referred to earlier, I think in both in mine and Paul's discussion. We also had the solar JV coming up behind those as well as wind turbines, which we had previously approved an aggregate but now we have pieces of that actually been deployed from a project standpoint and then Nejapa. So of that I think Brazil wind and Mountain View were probably about half of the 644 and all the remaining got you to the rest of the 644.
Elizabeth Parrella - Merrill Lynch: I'm sorry, Brazil wind?
Victoria Harker: Nejapa, I'm sorry.
Paul Hanrahan: Well, yeah. Brazil wind, what we've got there is we've been developing a project. We've been looking at flipping -- we've made a loan to a project. We may actually convert that to equity. Haven't done that yet, and probably want to get that done before we talk too much more about the project. But it's essentially as Ned mentioned, Brazil is an attractive market force. We see some opportunities. And it maybe a way to get involve in one where we could become the equity in the project and that's the Brazil wind project we're talking about.
Elizabeth Parrella - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from Gregg Orrill with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Thanks a lot. Congratulations on the quarter. On the wind pipeline of 5,000 megawatts, I was wondering if to any extent whether you could drill down on that, as to where you might have reached certain milestones, whether it's turbines, permits or wind analysis and just to flush it out a little bit better.
Andres Gluski: Yeah. That's something we are actively talking about how we communicate more clearly and broadly milestones around wind and other opportunities specifically. But what Paul did mention and I can reemphasize is, we have signed a contract -- a PPA in California for an 80 megawatt project that is working its way. It's this past quarter achieved its interconnection agreement, which is increasingly becoming a key milestone for wind projects globally. So, we think that is a real milepost in that development to have achieved that. And that should go into construction and be completed in '09 or at the latest early '10. We also have received all the permits for a 22 megawatt project in Scotland, which is on its surface a smaller project, but the wind is so strong there, it has great economics. The U.K. market remains short renewable energy, so we're very excited about that project and it's the first in a portfolio projects we expect to bring online over the next three or four years there. So, we think it's a good indicator. We also received our permits and are moving and progressing a project in Bulgaria. And we have our portfolio in France, and it continues to go forward too. And we should be receiving permits in the interconnection agreement. We're also very active in the United States just in terms of where the 5,000 megawatts sits in California, Texas PJM and in Europe, the roughly 2,000 megawatts there is spread out amongst the U.K., France, Greece Turkey. We've also started to expand our efforts in China. We announced last year our first effort, a small investment in a 50 megawatt project and we've been working hard with Guohua, the partner in that project as well as other potential partners to expand that business. And I think we anticipate that will be a high growth opportunity especially with the Chinese recently coming out and saying they're going to expand their market to potentially as large as a 100,000 megawatts. So I think you'll see more from us in China as well.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. One other question. On the Braziliana process, should we be looking for the formal right of first refusal process really to be the one that produces an outcome? Or is there some other set of circumstances that we should look for that it's not just a matter of getting bigger or not. There could be some other sort of restructuring.
Paul Hanrahan: Well, I think the first step really is, it's in the hands of our partner, the Development Bank of Brazil, BNDES to decide whether they want to sell their piece or not. And really that starts -- when they pull that trigger that starts the process, a bidding process. Any bidding process that we have the right to come in and exercise our right of first refusal. And I think as part of that right of first refusal, as Andres mentioned, how we would finance that with probably some combination of the AES money, potentially working with a partner and some financing that would go along with that. So that's the right of first refusal really is the process that would allow something like that to happen. I think until BNDES goes forward with some sort of an auction process, if that's what they elect to do, that's really what's going to trigger it. But it's really entirely in their hands as to how they want to go forward with their piece. It's very possible they could elect to keep it. It's very possible they could elect to do other things with it. But right now, they have been moving down a path of some form of an auction.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Brian Russo- Ladenburg Thalmann: Hi. Good morning.
Paul Hanrahan: Good morning.
Brian Russo- Ladenburg Thalmann: Could you maybe highlight some of the assets that you would consider sale candidates or portfolio optimization?
Paul Hanrahan: I won't go through those specifically because we probably won't want to go forward and announce those. But generically, the way I think about it is, we've been focused on really getting the most out of our assets for several years now. And I think we've taken many of our businesses up to levels that they probably can't get much better. What you then look at is -- look things you can do with restructuring the project itself. I mean, are there contracts that would make sense to buy out, other contracts you can go into, but where we look at an asset and say there's really not a lot more we can do with the asset to improve the performance, either commercially or operationally. And it really doesn't serve any strategic purpose in terms of being able to grow as a platform. I think at those points there maybe other people who are going to be better owners, more efficient owners of that who have lower cost of capital than we would. Whereas I think our best way to deploy capital is to put it into assets that can benefit from operational turnarounds, that can benefit from commercial restructurings, or that are in the development phase, the Greenfield development, going through construction startup. That's really, I think, where we add the most value. So, you probably see us when we see opportunities like that and the market is good, looking to do some things to transact. It's something, you hate to sell anything that you own, but at the same time, in many cases, it's going to be the right decision. So we've been going through a process over the past several months to identify which ones will make sense. You'll probably see us over the next several months, start a process and maybe go through different waves of assets that we might put to the market, not doing it all at ones. But the specifics ones, you just have to wait until when we can finish the process to determine which ones to go forward with.
Brian Russo- Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Understood. Also the majority of these projects are in the development pipeline and are considered contract generation type projects, therefore the PPAs that you look to sign prior to financing have few pass-throughs?
Paul Hanrahan: Yeah. We generally won't enter into long-term PPA unless we've somehow hedged the fuel side of it. That's probably the biggest risk we face. And if we're not going to hedge that, it would be our preference then to probably go merchant. Because then you're relying on the market to effectively provide the hedge.
Brian Russo- Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. And then lastly, maybe just kind of more of a bigger picture, type of color. We read and hear about mine closures in South Africa and copper mine closures in Chile, all due to inefficient power supplies. Maybe you can just comment on those markets and maybe the growth in India and in China, and how AES is positioned to benefit from that?
Andres Gluski: Well, you're right. South Africa, I think, is a great case. It's a country we like a lot. We'd like to invest. I think as you saw we had won a bid, and unfortunately, as we were going through the process of developing it, we couldn't get comfortable with the legal structure associated with the contract, that we could in fact have an enforceable contract, at the end of the process. And we, therefore, had to drop off, but the South African government is committed to add more capacity. Eskom the utility there is busily in the process of trying to add some capacity, because they are in fact having a cut back in their electricity supply and that has started to hurt some businesses. But that's why, I think its creating opportunities for us. We have other projects that we are developing, as far as South African market. We talked about the projects in Chile, where there is a strong demand for more power. And what's helped us, for example in Chile, is been the experienced people we had with us were a known entity up there. We've been supplying power reliably for years. So, as we go through process, its giving us an edge, just because people know we can deliver, in terms of, developing the power plants, and delivering the electricity and keeping lights on reliably. Particularly important, up in the northern grid of Chile, because they just cannot afford to be without power. So, I think, our expertise in terms of particularly coal fired plants, operating in countries like that has helped us a lot. You see that expanding to places like India, probably less so in China, because in China you have got the five large state owned power generation companies, which, I think, are quite capable. And matter of fact, they've been building a lot of coal fired capacity. That’s one of the reasons why the Hefei plant, oil-fired plant, is being shut down and dismantled and the assets sold, is because with all the coal-fired capacity coming online, there isn’t the need for the peaking oil-fired capacity, which is inefficient and expensive. But I think, in all this places, it's really our experience in operating countries outside the US, which we have been doing for many years, its giving us an edge over some our competitions. 
Brian Russo- Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. And given the shortages and the negative impact to some of these local economies, did you get a sense that there is a sense of urgency to maybe accelerate some of these development projects? And given your backend loaded growth nature of your earnings profile, do you think any accelerated projects could lead to accelerated near and intermediate term earnings growth?
Paul Hanrahan: No, I wouldn't change our guidance that we gave. Our long-term guidance that we gave just a couple of months ago. But you are right in the sense that the commitment, I think in the part of the governments to make sure they've got reliable power supplies. Not so much is going to expedite the projects, because you still going to have to go through the normal hurdles you do with respect to environmental permitting. But probably enhances the probability that they are going to get done, because there is just a serious desire on the part of all these governments to make sure they've got the power. And that's causing them to lean towards people like AES or companies like AES to provide their power. So, I would say it's probably not going to change the timing of these things, but probably does make it a higher probability that we're going to hit those numbers.
Brian Russo- Ladenburg Thalmann: Great. Thank you, very much.
Paul Hanrahan: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Raymond Leung with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: Hi, everybody. Couple of questions. On the parent cash flows or dividends distributions to some subsidiaries, it's tracking about $1.275 billion for the trailing 12. I guess you got it roughly at about $1 billion, $1.1 billion one for 2008. Are you guys still comfortable with that $1 billion $1.1 billion number? And also with your thought process with respect to capital allocation and possibly returning capital to shareholders, how should we think about the parent debt to the subsidiary distribution number? What's the appropriate target for you guys?
Victoria Harker: On your first question, this is Victoria. I think you are currently comfortable with the guidance relative to the cash. We're obviously looking based on the first quarter's released earnings favorability. Whether there is some flowthrough relative to rest of year and we'll obviously update it as we forward. But, I think, that's a fairly good number. And there is obviously expansion, lot of projects going on at business level, which we will have to weigh relative to whether the return of cash to the parent is approved to be used as a reinvestment in businesses for [PLCF] specifically. On the second question I'm not sure I understood
Paul Hanrahan: Well, very simply, I think, the way to think about it is that our, think about BB metrics. What we're trying to maintain is a BB crediting rating. I think, that's kind of our floor. So, if we did sell some assets. In some cases you probably see a combination of debt pay down plus stock buyback, if that's where we decided to put the money. So the intent would be to maintain BB credit characteristics, whatever numbers that comes to it and I think we've got some views on that.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Right.
Paul Hanrahan: Operator, why don't we just take one more question, because I know people have a lot to do. I don't want to have this run much over an hour and then any follow-up questions people can go through Ahmed Pasha or Michael Cranna. But why don’t we take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is coming from Wei Romualdo with Stone Harbor. Please go a head
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: You talked about your bank facility, $900 million. Are you referring to those LCs, or do you actually have any cash drawn on those revolvers?
Victoria Harker: We have about $750 million in the revolver currently.
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay. Are those just LC's or are they drawn? Whether you have a revolver, $750 million now, revolver, how much has been drawn on that one?
Victoria Harker: None
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay. Is that LC outstanding amount?
Victoria Harker: Yes. It's minimal, about a $100 million
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay. And then there is an unsecured LC facility, is that fully utilized too?
Paul Hanrahan: It is not fully utilized. No.
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay. So, when you are talking about stock buybacks, are you talking about those revolvers or something else?
Paul Hanrahan: Yeah. Chip Hoagland is our treasurer. He can give you just a very quick update on that.
Chip Hoagland: If you are asking about the covenants, the covenants are in the first lien debt, that is the bank covenant, not the unsecured, but the secured revolver for $750 million, it has covenants in there. Currently, there, I think, we have a basket of $85 million for permitted payments. So, we are allowed to make some payments, but they are capped at $85 million, which grows as a percentage of income.
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay. But there is not much drawn on that. There is nothing drawn on it and there is some LC outstanding on that one?
Chip Hoagland: That’s correct. But we use that for liquidity. Right?
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay. And there is a 6% convertible that’s maturing this month. Is that going to be repaid with cash?
Chip Hoagland: We are examining our options and it will be repaid in cash shortly, because of the short maturity, but we may refinance it.
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay. And that is allowed, given the first lien covenant?
Chip Hoagland: Yes. I think it would be a violation of our covenants if it crossed to Paul that we didn't make maturity payments.
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay. It doesn't count towards your restricted payment basket?
Chip Hoagland: No, it doesn’t.
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay. And last question I have is, in your press release you mentioned impairment that you took for investment in AgCert. Can you give some background on that? What type of investment you put in that company and what was the rational?
Victoria Harker: We actually, previously, had a impairment relative to AgCert and we talked about it in the 10-K, as well. The only thing that has changed is that because of where they are from a legal standing perspective and we are the sole secured creditor at this point. We are consolidating their results as they work through their process.
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay. What was the initial rationale to invest in that company then?
Paul Hanrahan: Yes, actually what we did is we formed a joint-venture with them, and essentially in order to do that one of the requirements was we put some investments in equity in that company. We also had some transactions, where we essentially prepaid for some covenant offsets, and that’s all been worked through the examinership process, which we expect to be completed by the end of the second quarter. And we could probably go into more detail. But it was all part of developing our business with AgCert, which by the way continues to look strong. We have projects that are in that joint-venture with them that continue to look strong and we are feeling about that part of the business.
Wei Romualdo - Stone Harbor: Okay thank you.
Paul Hanrahan: Alright thank you. 
Ahmed Pasha: Okay. This is Ahmed Pasha. I wanted to say thank you very much for everyone for participating today. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact either Michael Cranna or myself in investor relations. For any media inquiries, please contact Robin Pence. Thanks again and have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Paul Hanrahan - President and Chief Executive Officer  Victoria Harker - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Andrés Gluski - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts:  Elizabeth Parrella - Merrill Lynch Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Unknown Analyst – Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Elsa, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the AES Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. If you’d like to pose a question during this time, please press * then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the # key. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Ahmed Pasha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin today’s conference. 
Ahmed Pasha: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to AES Corporation’s Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Call. Joining me today are our principal speakers Paul Hanrahan, President and Chief Executive Officer, Victoria Harker, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Andrés Gluski - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Paul is joining us by phone due to travel. Victoria will provide an overview of our results and discussion of our outlook for 2008, followed by Paul, who will provide an update on our business development and our long-term forecast. Presentation that accompanies our financial review together with earnings press release and our 2007 10-K which were filed this morning is available on our website at www.aes.com.  Let me remind you that our comments will include forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements made here about future operating results or other future events are forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Our discussion of factors that could cause actual events or events to vary is contained in our filings and in the investor section of our website. Now I would like to turn the call over to Victoria.
Victoria Harker: Thanks Ahmed, and good morning everyone. As you've seen from our press release by now, 2007 was a very good year for AES, one in which we achieved record revenues, solid profits, and strong cash flow generation from our businesses. 2007 revenues were up 17% compared to 2006 and eclipsed the $13-billion mark for the first time ever. Consolidated operating cash flow and free cash flow were particularly strong at $2.4 billion and $1.5 billion respectively, resoundingly beating our expectations. We generated adjusted earnings per share of $1.02, which includes a 7-cent one-time tax charge related to a change in Mexican tax law which was referenced in our March 2, 2008, 8-K filing. We were also pleased with gross margin for the year, which totaled more than $3.4 billion despite severe gas curtailments and low hydrology in the Southern Cone. Our businesses in Chile and Argentina were particularly hard hit facing increased fuel costs and reduced volumes available throughout the second half of the year. We were able to dampen their overall financial impact to AES through improved operations in our existing North American and European businesses along with contributions from several new businesses which came online in 2007. In addition to the performance of existing operations, we also had a very good year with respect to the completion of a number of important transactions. As you know, we went to market in October 2007 with a planned debt offering of $500 million which was immediately up-sized to $2 billion to meet tremendous demand. This transaction added flexibility to our capital structure allowing us to use $1.4 billion to refinance secure debit with unsecured debt at lower interest rate, extended maturities, and locking in more favorable terms and conditions. We also sold a 10% interest in Gener, our generation business in Chile, later than same month due to strong market demand with net sale proceeds of approximately $300 million. In addition, we recently announced the sale of a portion of our Kazakhstan business. The Kazakhstan sale is expected to close shortly and will yield approximately $1 billion in immediate cash proceeds to AES as well as up to $380 million in earnings over a 3-year period as a result of the negotiated management fee and performance bonuses. All of these transactions are illustrative of the real progress we are making with respect to managing portfolio risk and increasing the flexibility in our capital structure, better positioning us to pursue and execute the strategic initiatives inherent in her 5-year plan. While Paul will be providing a more comprehensive update on the business development activities later in the call, I’d like to now focus on some key financial and operational accomplishments made during the past year. These include finalization of the acquisition, financing, and integration of the TEG and TEP facilities in Mexico. We were also recently announced as the winners of bids in South Africa. In addition, we also made progress to secure approximately $650-million financing to close our 660-MW Masinloc project acquisition in the Philippines. We expect this acquisition to be completed in the early part of the second quarter in 2008. Beyond this, we added more than 400 MW of wind capacity to our operating portfolio and initiated construction on the 170-mW third phase of Buffalo Gas, which when complete in 2008 will make Buffalo Gas one of the largest operating wind farms in the United States. Our rapid growth in wind generation in 2007 helped us jump into the top 5 in the US and the top 14 worldwide wind generator according EER. All of these projects underscore the continuing strength of our pipeline contribution to our long-term projections. For now though, I’d like to turn our attention to the Fourth Quarter results. The Fourth Quarter of 2007 was particularly strong for us, generating adjusted earnings per share of $0.19, including the 7-cent nonrecurring charge related to the change in Mexican tax low. The positive results were primarily due to improved operations at our North American and European generation businesses. In the quarter, we also benefited from the onset of the summer season in the Southern Cone region of Latin America which has brought a measure of relief from the diminished hydrology and gas supply issues experienced during the third quarter. Overall, we continue to feel very positive about the proactive steps being taken by the Chilean regulator to address gas shortages, including raising the price of energy or node price by 45% this past year and providing incentives for new more cost-effective thermal generation projects to be added to the system. This is a great market opportunity for us to leverage that will Paul will discuss further later in the call.  As new non-natural gas fire plants come online in the Chilean system, we would expect residual impact from the natural gas restrictions from Argentina to be diminished. During the fourth quarter, revenue grew $739 million or 25% to $3.7 billion. Of this, $258 million or 7% was related to favorable foreign currency rates, principally the appreciation of the Brazilian Riyal and the Euro. Much of the remaining improvement is associated with higher prices and volumes across all 4 of the company’s regions. It also reflects the financial benefit of the addition of TEG and TEP, the two plants in Mexico acquired in the first quarter of 2007. When compared to fourth quarter 2006, gross margin increased by $20 million to $809 million, benefiting from higher prices in North America and Europe, as well as favorable foreign currency translations and the contributions from TEG and TEP. These gains were offset in part by higher fixed costs of Electropaulo, one of our distribution companies and Brazil, and Sonel, our integrated utility in Cameroon, coupled with the previously anticipated tariff reset at Electropaulo in July 2007.
. : Our effective tax rate for the quarter was -226% as compared to 75% in 2006. This rate in the fourth quarter was primarily due to the impairment of Uruguaiana and a change in the Mexican tax law, both of which significantly impacted our effective rate on a one-time basis in the quarter. Weighted average shares outstanding were 676 million for the quarter versus 670 million in fourth quarter 2006. Our trust preferred securities were not dilutive to either quarter. The increase in shares was due primarily to the dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock in fourth quarter 2007. In the online presentation, you will find a summary of additional details of drivers of earnings from both a quarter over quarter and year over year standpoint. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.19 for fourth quarter 2007, compared to $(0.02) for fourth quarter 2006. Our 2006 results included $0.11 loss primarily driven by higher development and overhead costs related remediation work, restatement charges in Brazil, and restructuring at our subsidiaries in Latin America. As discussed earlier, financial improvements in several key businesses account for a significant part of the positive momentum, contributing $0.07 in quarter over quarter improvement. This improvement is largely related to higher pricing and volume at Eastern Energy, higher capacity payments at Kilroot, and higher pricing and volume in Kazakhstan as well as contribution from the new businesses such as TEG and TEP in Mexico. We reported diluted earnings from continuing operations per share of $0.00 per share in the quarter compared to $0.02 in the fourth quarter of 2006. Now, let focus for a moment at full year results. Not surprisingly, many of the same factors that led to a successful fourth quarter such as improved North American and European generation performance in addition to new businesses and favorable currency translations also paid a key role during the second half of 2007, helping to offset the negative impact of the gas supply curtailments experienced earlier in the year. Overall, we consider 2007 to have been a strong year, with revenue having reached a record high of $13.6 billion representing an increase of 17% over 2006. While gross margin did remain relatively flat on a percentage basis, improved operations in North America and Europe and contributions from recent acquisitions lifted gross margin to a robust $3.4 billion, despite the gas supply curtailments and lower hydrology which dampened operating performances in many of our businesses in Southern Cone. In addition, reduced energy losses and cost reduction programs at Electropaulo are helping ameliorate the effects of the 2007 tariff reduction there. G&A costs for the full year increased by $17.8 million when compared to last year to $379 million, primarily due to higher spending associated with the higher levels of business development activities as well as financial restatements, Sarbanes-Oxley remediation projects, and the ongoing implementation costs of SAP worldwide. Interest expense net of interest income decreased by $47 million to $1.3 billion in 2007. The decrease is driven primarily by favorable currency translation of the Brazilian Riyal and higher cash and short-term investment balances at certain of our subsidiaries. With all of the press associated with the current financial turmoil, we should probably point out a few important facts now about AES’s investments in financial assets and our capital structure where investors may have some questions. AES makes significant investment in hard assets around the world, and that’s the nature of our business; however, we do not invest in financial assets except in those cases where we have temporary pools of liquidity awaiting investment in our core business activities. Those of the cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments are subject to specific covenants in our recourse and nonrecourse credit agreements which restrict such investments to conservative, liquid instruments. As a result, we have steered clear of auction rate securities, mortgage-backed securities, and other related instruments. AES does access many different markets and utilizes many specialized at financial products in its funding strategy around the world. A key part of the funding strategy is the use of nonrecourse financing, particularly called project finance. We have found that even during periods of corporate credit pressure, there is still a strong supply of such financing opportunities for well-structured projects. The anticipated near-term funding and related financing of Macinloc in the Philippines is an example of the strength of the project finance market at this time. Returning to our financial results, our other income increased by $242 million to $358 million. The increase was primarily due to $135 million contract settlement gain at one of our subsidiaries in New York and a $93-million tax recovery at two of our Latin American subsidiaries. Other expense decreased by $197 million to $255 million. In 2007, there was a loss on retirement of senior notes to parent as well as higher losses on sales or disposals of assets at two of our Brazilian subsidiaries. Gain on the sale of investments increased by $36 million to $134 million. This gain in 2007 is primarily due to the sale of 10% of our ownership interest in Gener. border: thin none Black;  padding: 0.00mm 0.00mm 0.35mm 0.00mm; text-indent: 0.00mm; text-align: left; line-height: 4.166667mm; color: Black; background-color: White; "> This gain in 2007 is primarily due to the sale of 10% of our ownership interest in Gener. It’s important to know that there was no loss in subsidiary investment in 2007, but the loss on subsidiary investment of $535 million in 2006 was associated with the Brazilian restructuring. Asset impairment expense increased $391 million year over year due primarily to a $352 million charge taken at our Uruguayan subsidiary in Brazil resulting from low volumes of natural gas expected to be available from Argentina. For the full year, we recorded foreign currency transaction gains of $24 million. Our effective tax rate for the year was 42% compared to 36% in 2006. The increase in the 2007 effective tax rate was due primarily to the one-time impact of the Uruguayan asset impairment and a change in Mexican tax law in the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of these two items, the full year effective tax rate would have been 32%. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding were $678 million for the full year as compared to the $672 million for 2006. Our Trust Preferred Securities were not dilutive to the full year 2007 results. The year over year increase reflects an increase in basic shares arising from the exercise of stock options. In terms of earnings, adjusted EPS was $1.02 for 2007 including the 7 cents of charges for the change in Mexican tax law and 93 cents for 2006. As discussed earlier we benefited from significant operational improvements in North America and European generation businesses as well as contributions from the newly acquired businesses and favorable foreign currency translations. These improvements generated 20 cents EPS helping to offset the 9-cent impact caused by the hydrology and gas curtailments in Southern Cone as well as the 8-cent higher G&A in business development spending. We also reported diluted earnings from continuing operations per share of 73 cents compared to 27 cents in 2006. Overall, cash flow continued to be quite strong, both for the quarter and the year. It is worth noting that even with the sale of EDC in the second quarter 2007, net cash flow from operations for the quarter increased by $12 million to $488 million. Excluding EDC, the year over year increase would have been $30 million. For the full year, net cash flow from operations was approximately $2.4 billion, up 6 million year over year. Excluding any contribution from EDC during the year, net cash from operations would have increased by $119 million or 6% compared to 2006. Depreciation and amortization expense was $249 million for the quarter and $942 million for the year. Maintenance CapEx was $199 million for the quarter. Of this amount approximately $64 million is attributable to environmental projects primarily at Kilroot, New York, and IPL. Of these, Kilroot’s contract has a pass-through cost mechanism while the other projects are expected to generate a positive economic return for the company. For the full year, maintenance CapEx was $878 million with approximately $235 million of that amount invested in environmental projects. This was slightly below our 2007 guidance of $900 million to $1 billion range. Gross capital expenditures were $705 million for the quarter and approximately $2.5 billion for the full year. This includes $506 million of expenditures related to gross investments, $393 million of which is associated with projects in construction including Maritza and Panama. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter increased by $105 million to $289 million driven mainly by the decrease in maintenance CapEx. For the full year, free cash flow remained relatively flat at $1.5 billion. This amount exceeded our 2007 guidance of $1.2 to $1.4 billion due to the higher-than-anticipated cash flow from operations and lower-than-expected maintenance CapEx. Excluding the impacts of EDC, the improvement in free cash flow would have been $82 million or 6% greater than 2006. Distributions from our subsidiaries which reflect cash flow generated by subsidiaries prior to paying parent interest expense and G&A were $343 million bringing full year distributions to $1.1 billion, which is in line with our 2007 guidance. Parent liquidity increased to a robust $2.2 billion at year end due to EDC and Gener’s share sale proceeds as well as the corporate debt issuance in the fourth quarter. This will provide us with a strong springboard for the pipeline of new projects we are now pursuing in 2008. In the interest of time, I’ll skip over the segment analysis today, but you’ll find these in detail in the Investor Relations online presentation. However, before proceeding on to our outlook for 2008, I’d like to briefly touch on the positive $3 million non-cash operating income adjustment for the period 2004 to 2007, which is re-stated in our 10-K. As you know, we previously identified and reported several material weaknesses related to our system of internal controls over financial reporting. Many of these have now been remediated leaving only two remaining for testing in 2008. As part of the 2007 year end closing process in connection with our efforts to remediate a material weakness for contract derivative accounting, we reviewed several hundred contracts. Through this extensive review, we identified only one contract which required a material adjustment, an agreement between our Deepwater business and its off-taker TXU between 2004 and 2007 which had been previously reviewed with the appropriate accounting treatment identified. Upon further consideration, this agreement’s contract penalty provision could have been interpreted as a derivative in hindsight. We now believe that it should have been treated as a derivative under FAS 133. This change resulted in a cumulative, non-cash adjustment of positive $3 million to operating income for the period between 2004 and 2007 which on its own in the aggregative was material on a percentage basis to both 2005 and 2006 operating income given other financial re-structurings in those years. While no one is pleased with having to re-state prior periods, its size clearly indicated the results of our significant investment in time and resources over the past 3 years to improve our financial systems, processes, and controls. We expect to remediate the final material weaknesses this year, and I’m very encouraged by the hard work and dedication of the finance team worldwide to address these issues while producing the current results in both an accurate and timely fashion. Now, I’d like to discuss our outlook for 2008. Coming off a strong 2007, we feel very good about our financial trajectory in 2008 as we continue to pursue projects in our core business and undertake investments in new markets. We expect 2008 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.43 including a net gain of $1.29 or approximately $900 million from the sale of our Northern Kazakhstan businesses which we expect to close in the first half of this year. We projected adjusted earnings per share of $1.14 for 2008. This is in line with our May 2007 guidance range of $1.12 to $1.20 for 2008. It’s important to note that our 2008 guidance includes 2 cents of dilution from our Trust Preferred Securities due to anticipated higher GAAP income resulting from the sale of the Kazakhstan assets. In addition, our revised guidance also reflects approximately 4 cents of additional interest cost associated with $600 million of incremental senior parent level debt raised during the fourth quarter, 2 cents related to acceleration of our global implementation of SAP and 2 cents of non-cash impacting expense resulting from the change to the Pakistan lease accounting referenced earlier in 2007. Our guidance also assumes that both the sale of the Kazakhstan assets and the pending acquisition of the Masinloc project in the Philippines are expected to close during the first half of this year. For 2008, gross margin is expected to be between $3.6 and $3.7 billion, an increase of $200 to $300 million above 2007 level. Net cash from operating activities is targeted at $2.3 to $2.4 billion. We project free cash flow between $1.4 and $1.6 billion after maintenance CapEx of $800 to $900 million which includes $100 to $200 million of environmental capital expenditures. Subsidiary distributions are expected to be $1.0 to $1.1 billion. In a few minutes, Paul will link our 2008 projects to EPS projections for the next 5 years, our development pipeline and compare this to our previous guidance issued in May 2007, and also early in the year, based on the positive business trends we’ve seen thus far in the year, we believe the 2008 forecast to be achievable as we leverage existing core power businesses as well as new opportunities in climate solutions, wind, and solar. I’ll now turn the call over to Paul Hanrahan for his insights into the current trends as well as a look at our 5-year projections.
Paul Hanrahan:
 : In India for example, you’ve got a 9% GDP growth rate in recent years. The Government of India estimates that there needs to be infrastructure investment at $350 billion over the next 5 to 7 years, and power demand is expected to grow by over 7% per year. The current projected needs are 80,000 MW in the next 5 years through 2012, and this represents approximately 60% of the current installed capacity of 135,000 MW. The Government of India has recognized that meeting demand for electricity is a potential bottleneck for growth of the economy. As a result they have put key incentives in place which include the allocation of coal mine reserves to potential power plant developers and they’ve made policy decisions including tax breaks and priority purchases of renewable power which have helped draw investments into that sector. In Chile, another country where we have been putting a lot of effort, we’ve seen annual GDP of 4% per year and annual demand growth in electricity is expected to grow at 6% per year, and additionally there is a need for security supply reasons to replace the existing natural-gas-fired capacity. The recent gas cut-offs from Argentina and the subsequent actions by the regulator which included the increasing of note prices by 45% in 2007, which Victoria referenced, have confirmed our view that there is near-term opportunity to add new capacity, particularly non-gas-fired capacity. Historically, the high marginal energy cost in the SIC which is the central grid in Chile and the SING which is the northern grid have been key indicators of the shortage of efficient generation capacity. In the central grid, the average marginal cost during 2007 was US $170 per MW hour compared to US $46 per MW hour in 2006, and this again reaffirms our view that there is a genuine need for new and diversified capacity in Chile. Looking at South Africa, a market which we hope to enter in 2008, the GDP is increasing at 5% per year and the demand for power is increasing at 7% per year. Currently, South Africa has a negative reserve margin which means that it’s currently experiencing rolling blackouts. South Africa needs to add 1200 MW each year and AES is the first international IPT developing Greenfield projects in the country. Due to the impending shortage of generation in South Africa and other surrounding countries, they’re also planning generation projects to serve the South African market and AES is participating in some of those. Let me just spend a few minutes on the development momentum and progress in our business lines. We really have a deep pipeline of growth projects. Our core power pipeline is over 30,000 MW of which 16,000 MW is in medium to advanced stage development. The geographic breakdown of these projects is in Asia 39%, Europe, CIS, and Africa 25%, Latin America 16%, and North America 20%. We also have a renewable power pipeline of 9000 MW which includes over 5000 MW of wind with the remainder being hydro and other renewables. In our climate solutions pipeline, by the end of December our pipeline of projects in development have the capacity to produce, or more importantly, to issue 19 million offsets annually, up from 12 million at the end of the third quarter of 2007. I now would like to provide some additional details about some of the projects that we’re pursuing. First, in our core power business, I’ll start with Asia. In the Philippines our acquisition of the 660 MW Masinloc coal-fired project is expected to close in April this year. A non-recourse financing of approximately $650 million has already been secured. In India, we’ve a couple of projects that are in advanced stages. First is the expansion of our OPGC project called OPGC-2. This is a 1200 MW coal-based power plant project with an integrated coal mine located in the state of Orissa where we already have one coal-fired project operating. This is really a good example of what we referred to as platform expansions as it’s adjacent to our existing 420 MW minemouth coal-fired power plant. Since this new plant already has land, water, and other ready support infrastructure, this gives the project inherent permitting and cost advantages. Discussions are in advanced stages with the Government of Orissa, our partner in both projects, to finalize the expansion project. With our development team’s efforts and the State Government’s support, two coal blocks with the total reserves of 530 million tons have been allocated for the project, and this was really a major development milestone for the project. We currently expect closing to occur in early 2009 with the commercial operation date in 2012. The second project in India is called the Chhattisgarh Project. This is a 1000 to 1200 MW coal-based power plant project with an integrated coal mine located in the State of Chhattisgarh. This project is a negotiated coal-based power project being developed by AES in a high demand and capacity short western grid region. Under the agreement signed with the state government, the government has agreed to provide the allocation of a coal mine. In November of last year, the Ministry of Coal allocated to the project a coal block with total estimated reserves of 150 million tons. The water allocation for the project has also been approved, and the company has made significant development progress in terms of identification of the project site, applications for land acquisition, transmission studies, etc. Currently, our project team is actively working to secure all the required permits and our financial closure is expected to occur by the third quarter of 2009 with the commercial operation date in early 2013. Next, let me talk about Vietnam. There we have a project that we’ve been developing over the past few years and is based on an agreement with the Government of Vietnam to develop a 1200 MW coal-fired power plant. There the environmental impact assessment is already improved, and the power purchase agreement is expected to signed during the second half of 2008 with financial close expected to occur in the first half of 2009. That would expect the commercial operation date to occur sometime in the second half of 2012. Moving on to Europe and Africa and Turkey where we formed a joint venture to develop small and medium-sized hydro projects with our partner in Turkey. In addition to our pipeline of hydro projects, we also have the potential to close a 196 net MW open cycle combustion turbine in the entire region of Turkey. This really is a good example of how we can source potentially to track the projects with local partners once we become established in new markets, and this could represent the first thermal project for AES in Turkey. Next, I’d like to talk about South Africa. There we have an 1100 MW combined capacity for two greenfield projects in South Africa, and these are two projects where AES has been selected as a developer of badly needed capacity in the country. As these are the first IPP projects in the country, we are facing some non-inconsequential challenges. These primarily relate to the fact that the country desperately needs the capacity and the financings must close quickly to meet the requisite deadlines imposed by the government. At the same time, addressing the typical project finance issues with a new program for IPPs adds a layer of complexity that can add time. Nevertheless, we’re committed to this market and to helping the government add capacity to their system as quickly as possible. Moving over to Latin America, in Chile, we have 700 MW of projects in advanced development in addition to those that are already under construction. One of these is a greenfield project; it’s a 470 MW coal-fired plant. This has the environmental impact assessment approved, the engineering procurement and construction contract signed, and the power purchase agreement is in the final stages of negotiation. The financing is in place, and the port agreement has been finalized for this project. Construction could start in 2008 with a commercial operation date being achieved by the end of 2011. Another project in development in advanced stages is Chile is a 242 MW coal-fired plant. The environmental impact assessment is in the final stages of approval, the EPC is signed, and a PPA has been signed with Anglo-American and the financing is in negotiation as we speak. Construction here is expected to start in 2009 and having a commercial operation date by the end of 2011.
 : Let me now talk about our climate solutions business. We continue to see significant growth opportunities for AES in our climate solutions, greenhouse gas offset business. In 2007 the global market for carbon offsets improved overall, but we also experienced some significant challenges. With respect to favorable developments, the market prices for certified emission reductions or CERs and other offsets continues to strengthen with CERs starting out in 2007 at 14 Euros per CER and ending the year at 17 Euros per CER. Also, carbon regulatory developments with respect to reducing carbon continues to support an increasing demand for offsets both internationally and in the United States. Further, the pace of CER issuance increased from the previous year with a total of 76 million CERs issued by year end as did volumes of offsets traded estimated at 950 million. We made meaningful progress to expand our development efforts in Malaysia, Ukraine, Russia, and Brazil. Our development pipeline as of year end 2007 represented perspective projects totalling approximately 19 million tons per year, up from 12 million tons per year at the end of the third quarter of last year. With over 9 million tons per year under AES control meaning these have been aggregated which are subject to our final diligence in approvals. We also reached some important milestones in our construction and operations activities. We achieved commissioning on the first two AES AgriVerde methane recovery projects in Malaysia, and in addition, we started construction on another 7 projects in the agricultural sector. On the regulatory front, we achieved many firsts since our last earnings call. Our hydro project in Brazil has achieved registration. Our first projects in Malaysia also achieved registration and received our first letters of endorsement under the joint implementation mechanism in Russia and Ukraine. We currently have 9 projects in validation with another 40 to enter validation in the first quarter and second quarter of this year. These are important milestones for us as we continue to improve this new business line for AES.
 : Let’s talk about some of the challenging dynamics we face however. For one, the time between investment and returns for Greenfield projects results in a near-term drag on earnings in cash. Although Greenfield projects offer much higher returns, the developments cost and no return during the construction phase dampens our near-term earnings power. We are projecting to expense roughly $125 million in development costs every year. By the end of 2011, 2650 MW or $2 billion of equity is projected to be invested in projects under construction. Another factor is that corporate issuers have seen increased volatility in the US capital markets which could continue for the foreseeable future. As a result, we believe it makes sense to postpone optional debt retirements that we might have otherwise made in order to maintain a strong cash position so we’re better able to take advantage of near-term growth opportunities. This decision creates some headwinds with respect to our earnings outlook as a result of higher interest expense, but it preserves flexibility in what may well be a market where extra capital could be an advantage. And also the climate solutions ramp-up is taking longer than planned. The principal challenges the market is facing are the limited capacity of the UN to process increasing volumes of carbon-oxide projects and the longer certification process to relevant UN agencies opposing the creating of offsets. Having said that, I believe, this is a good business for us as there is clearly a growing need and we see a lot of potential growth in this area. And finally, volatility with respect to fuels. Rising fuel prices, particularly coal along with the delays in the ability to see prices pass through did have an impact on our portfolio, and the continued lack of gas availability in the Southern Cone also impacted our ability to maximize the value of several of our plans in Chile, Argentina, and Brazil. Now what I would like to do is talk about the long-term guidance. Looking forward on how we think our current portfolio businesses in operation, construction, and development will translate into future financial performance, let me just refer you back to last May when we gave you our 5-year guidance with a projection that we would deliver somewhere between $1.75 to $2.15 earnings per share in 2011 delivering 13% to 18% growth over a 5-year period. As we’ve gone through our annual process to update our projections for the future, we now project that we’ll be growing our earnings at 14% to 17% per year for the next 5 years through 2012. Our target EPS for 2012 is $1.95 to $2.25. This would reflect a 5-year growth rate of 14% to 17% per year. By 2012, we also project our consolidated free cash flow to be between 2.5 and 3.3 billion. Let me give you how that compares to our previous guidance. As you could see in the earnings call presentation which we provided, we are now projecting $1.72 to $1.95 EPS in 2011 yielding 13% to 16% per year growth from 2006 through 2011. This updated guidance range is 5 cents to 20 cents lower than our May 2007 guidance, and the base case that would be roughly 12 cents. Last year our base case EPS forecast for 2011 was $1.95 as compared to our updated guidance of $1.83 in 2011. The key drivers of this 12-cent change in our base case include the following factors. The current base case assumes 3000 MW and our core power business will be online by 2011 versus the previous guidance of 4000 MW online by that same time. Under our new guidance, the remaining 1000 MW will be online during 2012. Longer development lead times with our coal project in Vietnam and our hydro project in Panama have contributed to these change assumptions. Also, based on the best information we have today, we are estimating that there is a 3-cent per share expense relating to the regional greenhouse gas initiative or REGI compliance cost in the United States. In addition, we’ve lowered our estimates for CERs greenhouse gas offsets that would be issuable given what we’ve learnt regarding the offset issuance process. We’ve lowered our estimate of the run rate at the end of 2011 by 2 million tons per year, so now we’re at 24 million tons per year as opposed to 26 million tons per year which we had estimated previously. We’re also seeing the ongoing EPS impacts associated with the lease accounting for Pakistan businesses as well as the lease filed in New York. Now, let me highlight some of the key assumptions behind our guidance in 2012. Our base case which is the mean of the low end and high end of the EPS range was $2.10 EPS in 2012 is based on the following assumptions. In core power we’re projecting to have an additional 6500 MW of core power projects with 4100 MW of that online by year end 2012 and 2400 MW under construction at the end of 2012. This is in addition to any projects that AES has under construction today, which is approximately 2000 MW which includes our Maritza project in Bulgaria for 670 MW, 4 projects in Chile for 670 MW, in Panama a project for 233 MW, Jordon for 370 MW, and Turkey for 63 MW. It’s also worth knowing that the bulk of the 6500 MW is expected to be in Greenfield projects. Looking at renewable energy, we expect to have 2600 additional MW of wind generation by 2012. Since we announced our long-term guidance last year, we achieved approximately 600 MW of our commitment from the following projects – Buffalo Gap 2, 233 MW; Buffalo Gap 3, 170 MW; those are 2 projects in Texas; an acquisition of 186 MW in the Mid-West, and we also recently closed another acquisition in California of 67 MW. In climate solutions, the issuance rate is expected to be at 34 million metric tons in greenhouse gas offsets CERs annually by the end of the year 2012. And in 2012 our projected free cash flow nearly doubles in 4 years. It grows from 1.5 billion in 2008 to 2.9 billion in 2012. So, in conclusion I’m pleased with the progress we made in 2007 and believe that we are continuing to build a deep pipeline of projects that can help us achieve our growth goals. By 2012, we’ll increase our core power generation by approximately 15% over our current capacity of 45,000 MW. We will be a leading player in renewable energy. We’ll add 2600 MW of wind capacity reaching a total installed capacity of 3200 MW. We also think we’ll be a significant player in the developing solar power market. In addition, we’ll continue to be an active player in the greenhouse gas offset business producing over 30 million tons of greenhouse gas offsets per year. I’d like to thank all of you for your attention this morning, and operator, at this point, why don’t we turn the call over to any questions that people would have.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. If you do have a question, please press * followed by 1 on your telephone keypad at this time. If at any point your question has been answered, you may remove yourself from the queue by pressing the pound key. Once again, that is * followed by 1 for any questions at this time. One moment while we poll for questions. Our first question is coming from Elizabeth Parrella with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Parrella – Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Just to clarify, wanted to follow up something you said Paul. With respect to your base case growth assumptions, the 2000 MW that is currently under construction on core power type projects doesn’t count toward the 6500 MW, that’s correct – what counts is in terms of what you announced recently – is the Philippines acquisition and potentially South Africa if that actually goes to closing?
Paul Hanrahan: That’s correct.
Elizabeth Parrella – Merrill Lynch:  Okay, and with respect to the billion dollars that’ll be coming in from Kazakhstan – it sounds like what you’re indicating is you are going to take a conservative view on holding on to cash. It sounds like it is not likely or that we shouldn’t really be assuming that you go out and try to call the remaining senior secure debt that’s callable this spring.
Paul Hanrahan: Probably not. I think what we’re going do though is we are just going to continually evaluate the projects we have in front of us and the near-term investment needs, and how much liquidity we want to keep on hand to meet those needs. I think if we see a great opportunity, it could make sense to call some or all of those, but I wouldn’t put that in as our base case, but we’re always going to maintain that flexibility to do that if it looks like it’s the best use of funds at the time.
Elizabeth Parrella – Merrill Lynch: Okay, alright. I think that would be it for now. Thank you.
Paul Hanrahan: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. Just following up on Elizabeth’s question. You have over $2 billion in cash at year end ’07. You’ve got another billion at least coming in from Kazakhstan, and you’ve got probably something close to a billion and change, I believe, foreign free cash flow minimum. That’s quite a chunk of change to have on your balance sheet. What exactly would you be spending it on over the next several years, if you didn’t pay down debt? It doesn’t seem like you could effectively or efficiently use all that cash.
Victoria Harker: Lasan, this is Victoria. Just to clarify, the $2 billion is not all cash. It’s a billion in cash and a billion in credit facilities we have available to us.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, but it’s still a lot of money.
Victoria Harker: Yes (laughs…), but in general we are currently looking at a pipeline that will effectively use large portions of that depending on what types of acquisitions, both in terms of greenfield opportunities as well as the new lines of business that we’re going into with wind and its capital requirements as well.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So, am I to assume that all the cash that you plan to generate should be earmarked for growth projects and not for any kind of debt repayments going forward?
Victoria Harker: I think as Paul said we obviously will continue to assess our options, particularly as we move into 2008. Given market volatility at this point, we want to make sure that we’ve got available cash and financing opportunities before we consider more optional debt paydown.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Then, can we assume that new equity issues are unlikely going forward for at least a couple of years?
Victoria Harker: I think we’ll have to continue to monitor the market and see what the opportunities look like. I’m not sure we want to close out any options right now.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, and then in the Southern Cone, the gas shortage is starting to get really ugly over there. What kind of impact are you assessing for that in the 2008 guidance?
Andrés Gluski:  This is Andrés Gluski. We are assuming a continuation of the gas shortages in the Southern Cone, which basically affect Chile, to a lesser extent Argentina, and the Uruguaiana which have been impaired. We are assuming a continuation. However, the hydrology conditions are better at this moment than they were last year.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, so the impact I think last year was 8 cents, so you expect that to be something less than that this year?
Andrés Gluski: Again, basically we are saying that the situation would be similar to last year. Hydrology is better, and we’ve had the first two months of the year.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Organic growth rate – in the past, AES talked about organic growth rate being about 5% to 6% compound annual. Is that still true? Should we shift our focus slightly differently?
Victoria Harker: I would say and up to that amount. I think we are currently seeing closer to 4%.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Gregg Orrill of Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Thanks a lot. I had two questions. The first one was on the status of the Brasiliana restructuring, sort of the right of first refusal on the purchase there, and then secondary on the ‘09 guidance. You provided a sectoral analysis there. The updated year was below your prior range, and I just talked around a few things including REGI and rising A&G costs, etc. I was wondering if you could just try to provide the same analysis for ’09?
Andrés Gluski: Let’s talk about the Brasiliana auction. As you know, our partner BNDES is going through the process of bidding, having bids for its stake in Brasiliana. Currently, the process has been postponed. The indication from BNDES is that it would take place sometime in June. Situation remains the same—we have the first right of refusal. We are keeping our options open. We have local lines of credit in place, and we are also exploring possibilities with partners to exercise our first right of refusal.
Victoria Harker: In terms of the ’09 question that you had, a number of these factors Paul already referenced, but I’ll just give you the view of the lineup in terms of what we are seeing on the drivers. The cost of delay in the projects which are obviously impacting from a timing perspective more than anything else, given it pushes out past ’12 results as well, is about 5 cents. We also had as Paul referenced the lower sales in climate solutions in ’09—that was another 5 cents, and then the Pacgen lease, a New York lease buyouts were another 2 cents, and the REGI cost compliances Paul also referenced was about 3 cents which is an ongoing 3 cents per year from a cost mitigation standpoint, so those are the significant drivers of EPS relative to ’09.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is coming from B Brian J. Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann:   Good morning. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Just wondering what is the income tax rate assumed in the 2008 and beyond guidance.
Victoria Harker:  It’s effectively about the same range from the low to mid 30s.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is coming from [__________] of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Unknown Analyst – Deutsche Bank: Good morning. The wind business appears to be growing pretty meaningfully in scale and in pipeline. It looks like your new target as you mentioned is not 2600 MW, and Paul I believe you also talked about 5000 MW in the pipeline, some of which of might overlap with the 2600, but do you have any interest in spinning or IPO’ing that business to highlight the value and fund future growth once the market stabilizes?
Paul Hanrahan: It’s a good question. I believe the previous question was what do you do with all that money. A big chunk of it is going into wind. What we’re finding in wind is that we are having to put the money down to buy the turbines well advance of starting construction, so it’s using up a fair amount of capital. So I think in the sense of portfolio management, looking to find other ways to finance that, that would not be 100% on us on us, would be an attractive way to do it, but only if we could see there is lower cost of capital out there to help us do that, or we can bring in somebody with some additional skills that could accomplish some other objectives, but something like an IPO and spinning it off to other parties who might be willing to provide capital and essentially a form of promote would be attractive to us, not so much to highlight the value but rather as a way to finance the investments to make sure we’ve got adequate capital, because I don’t want to put too much into buying the equipment because it’s not the most efficient way to do it. Over time, we could finance that out through tax equity in the US or other debt financings, but in the interim we are sort of stuck with a lot capital being put into that business.
Unknown Analyst – Deutsche Bank: Okay, that’s helpful. On a separate topic. It sounds like for now you are not looking out taking out the $750 million of senior secured notes; you are going to continually evaluate that on an ongoing basis. My question is that that tranche of debt is what really stands in the way from a covenant perspective between you all being able to do some type of a stock buyback—you know I understand that your growth pipeline is very robust, but I’m trying to understand your interest in taking some of the excess cash from the sale and some of the free cash flow that’s generated and looking at buybacks instead of some of the greenfield investments. With the stock at $16 and change, effectively where it was in the beginning of 2006 over two years ago, I’m trying to understand why your stock isn’t also a very compelling investment opportunity with some of your cash flow.
Paul Hanrahan: That’s the tricky part. That really is the problem we’re facing in terms of thinking where do we put the cash, because the stock represents a great buyback opportunity, we think, but we also have other opportunities, and do we have enough to finance all of that, and that’s the tradeoff we are trying to make. We are thinking about it; we are constantly looking at it. If it weren’t for the fact we have to go and pay off those notes, it would be an easier decision, but having to put that much capital to paying down debt – clearly it starts to use up a lot of capital – and do we really want to really slow down our growth rate in order to achieve that? That’s the tradeoff we are trying to evaluate, so I don’t have all the answer to it, but it’s something we’re continually trying to balance, and as we see good growth opportunities, and what we don’t want to have to do is go out and buy back stock and then have to go out and reissue equity as a way to continue to grow the company, so that’s a tradeoff we’re looking at.
Unknown Analyst – Deutsche Bank: Okay. As far as additional asset sales are concerned, you touched on that a little bit Paul. Are these assets that you are looking at sort of like Kazakhstan where the multiple in the private market or to another party is substantially greater than the multiple that your stock is trading at? Those are the types of things that you’ve identified in your portfolio that you might be interested in monetizing?  
Paul Hanrahan: Well, we think about it more along the lines of looking at the cash flows coming from the business—the DCF value. What’s the value of the business to us, and what would somebody else be willing to pay, and I think particularly where we have gotten operations to a point where we can’t really do a whole lot more to increase the value of the asset or where we look at the market and say holding this asset doesn’t particularly give us any insights or advantages to expanding our growth pipeline. Those are the kinds of things we look at trading out of. Not so much looking at the multiples as much as it is the whole value has had. If somebody is willing to pay something that might be 20% higher than that, and no strategic value, those are the ones that will be easier for us to trade out of, but where there is some significant value in holding them, for example in Chile, we don’t want to leave the Chilean market because there are a lot of good growth opportunities there. We might trade out of bits and pieces of it over time, but we still want to maintain a controlled position there. Kazakhstan, we still like the market, but there was an opportunity to maintain our position in the market without having to hold all those assets. That’s another way we looked at trading out of a couple of those assets in order to get some capital and keep growing the company.
Unknown Analyst – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Okay. At this time, I’d like to turn the floor back over to Ahmed Pasha for any final remarks.
Ahmed Shah:  Thank you, and I want to say thank you very much everyone for participating today. If you have any followup questions, please do not hesitate to contact either Michael Cranna or myself in Investor Relations. Any media enquiries should be directed to Robin Pence. Thanks very much, and have a nice day!
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day!
