===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's First Quarter 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. Now, at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead.
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, and good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements if circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change. Today's remarks may also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at aig.com. Following the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial on June 9, 2024, the historical results of Corebridge for all periods presented are reflected in AIG's consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations in accordance with US GAAP. Finally, today's remarks related to net premiums written and net premiums earned are presented on a comparable basis, which reflects year-over-year comparison on a constant dollar basis and adjusted for the sale of the global personal travel and assistance business as applicable. We believe this presentation provides the most useful view of our results and the go-forward business in light of the substantial changes to the portfolio since 2023. Please refer to Pages 26 of the earnings presentation for reconciliations of such metrics on a comparable basis. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino.
Peter Zaffino: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to review our first quarter 2025 financial results. AIG's overall performance in the quarter was exceptional and we continued to make significant progress on our strategic, operational and financial objectives. We had a very busy start to the year. And while it's hard to believe, just 30 days ago, we hosted our Investor Day. We're incredibly grateful for the positive engagement and support from our colleagues and many stakeholders and appreciated the opportunity to share our journey with them. For my prepared remarks, I will start with an overview of our Investor Day, including what we intend to achieve, some observations from the meeting, and what we've learned since. Second, I will highlight our first quarter financial results. Third, I want to provide a spotlight on our business strategy and long-term view of India, a business that we briefly touched on at our Investor Day. Fourth, given the widespread interest, I will offer a few observations on the impact of tariffs. And last, I'll provide an update on our progress toward our financial targets that we outlined at our Investor Day. Keith will then provide more detail on our financial results, and Don Bailey and Jon Hancock will join us for the Q&A portion of the call. Beginning with Investor Day, our objective was to demonstrate the incredible progress the company has made over the last seven years and why we believe we're so well-positioned for the future. We shared how we established an underwriting culture of excellence, substantially reduced underwriting exposure, controlled volatility, structured the company for the future, refreshed our purpose and values, developed a world-class end-to-end operating structure, digitized end-to-end processes, developed a robust data hierarchy, and retired over 1,200 applications while migrating to the cloud. We discussed how we created a lean parent company and strengthened our balance sheet while executing a disciplined capital management strategy, which will enable AIG to have maximum strategic and financial flexibility for the future. We provided detail on our strategy to deploy GenAI end-to-end, and to demonstrate how the advancement in adoption is making a difference across our business to drive future growth, and that was on full display. I'm very grateful to our world-class partners, Alex Karp of Palantir and Dario Amodei of Anthropic, for joining Sara Eisen and me on stage to showcase and validate our strategy. And while they are very entertaining guests and have better things to do with their time than show up at AIG's Investor Day, they felt compelled to speak to our stakeholders about how they fully endorse AIG's strategy. It was a very important moment for our company. We demonstrated the breadth and depth of our global portfolio with $24 billion of net premiums written, which enables us to leverage both our diverse geographic footprint and strong product offerings to solve our clients' risk needs. We highlighted what a thoughtful and carefully planned reinsurance strategy can do for company over time, showcasing key structures of our portfolio and providing an introduction to our special purpose vehicle backed by Blackstone, which is an important part of our strategic evolution. Our stakeholders came away from the event with a much clearer understanding of our strategic direction, the deep expertise within our company, our differentiated approach to GenAI and our ambitious yet achievable financial targets and global growth opportunities. Inside the company, there's a sense of confidence and pride. Our Investor Day gave our colleagues the opportunity to see their hard work recognized in an impactful way, which has generated energy and engagement across the organization and we're excited to take this momentum forward. If I had to choose just one key takeaway from our Investor Day, it is that AIG is in every way a different company. Turning to our financial results, against the challenging geopolitical and macroeconomic environment, we made excellent progress towards our long-term strategic and financial goals, while delivering exceptional underwriting results, effectively manage volatility, while reducing expenses. In the first quarter, adjusted after-tax income was $702 million or $1.17 per diluted share. Building on our momentum, we had another quarter of strong premium growth. Net premiums written were $4.5 billion, an increase of 8% year-over-year on a comparable basis, led by 10% growth in Global Commercial. North America Commercial Insurance net premiums written grew 14% year-over-year. Lexington grew 23%, led by Lexington Casualty, which grew 27%. It's worth noting that Lexington submission growth continued in the first quarter, increasing 30% year-over-year, and that is following an increase of over 50% in the first quarter of 2024 when compared to 2023. Simply an outstanding result. This increase in submission activity was primarily driven by middle market casualty and property, which together represents two-thirds of the total submissions received. Glatfelter contributed 16% growth and Retail Property grew over 40%, almost entirely driven by the significant enhancements to our reinsurance structures. International Commercial Insurance net premiums written grew 8% year-over-year on an FX-adjusted basis, driven by property at 35%, largely as a result of enhanced reinsurance structures. And Marine grew an impressive 17%. Turning to expenses, our general insurance expense ratio decreased to 30.5% in the first quarter compared to 31.8% in the prior year quarter. The divestiture of our travel business was the largest contributor to this improvement, accounting for 110 basis points. The remaining 20 basis points of improvement came from AIG Next initiatives. This is very impressive when you consider that General Insurance absorbed $78 million of additional expenses that were booked in Other Operations in 2024. Other Operations general operating expenses were $85 million in the quarter. The accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, was 87.8%, the best first quarter result for AIG since the financial crisis. The prior year quarter was 88.4%. The calendar year combined ratio was 95.8% for the quarter, which included $520 million in catastrophe losses, driven by the California wildfires, which came in at $460 million. The combined ratio represented 9.1 loss ratio points and is a testament to our strategy for managing volatility. While industry losses from natural catastrophes are the second highest for the first quarter of the year on record, we expect our net retained catastrophe losses to be within expectations for 2025, largely based on our reinsurance structures. If you apply our current loss projections for the wildfire catastrophe to our aggregate cover, we will have approximately $35 million net of annual aggregate deductible remaining for all other perils in North America, excluding wind and earthquake, and approximately $385 million net left for all perils, both subject to a $50 million each and every loss deductible for the rest of this calendar year. We also continue to have significant property catastrophe occurrence limit available. Overall, the market remained favorable in the first quarter, particularly in segments with very good underlying fundamentals. Keith is going to cover rate in more detail in his remarks, but I wanted to provide some perspective. For North America, the rate increases in the quarter were led by excess casualty at 16%. In the last five calendar years, excess casualty has had double-digit rate increases each year with cumulative rate above loss trend. Gladfelter had a 6% rate increase. These increases were offset by Financial Lines, which decreased 5%, Retail Property, which decreased 7%, and Lexington Property, which decreased 10%. In Financial Lines, we have the benefit of a highly diversified business by product and segment. This enables us to position the portfolio for the best risk-adjusted returns even in a competitive market. To further outline, we have meaningfully reduced our excess capacity, where pricing is increasingly commoditized. We're focused on our primary business where we have a differentiated offering and a leadership position. Our Financial Lines portfolio has gone from representing 30% of North America Commercial net premiums written in 2021 to representing 19% of the portfolio today. Next, let me give some context on property rate. Over the past five years, we have had cumulative rate increases of 113% in Retail Property and 96% in Wholesale Property. Pricing continues to be above our technical view, nonetheless, we continue to be very disciplined and we'll monitor market conditions throughout the year. In International, the environment was more balanced. Casualty had a 7% rate increase, Property had a 2% rate increase, offset by Global Specialty and Talbot, which decreased 1% and 4%, respectively, and Financial Lines, which decreased by 3%. And please recall that we report rate on gross premiums written. And because many of our lines are heavily impacted by reinsurance in the first quarter, there's not a direct correlation to net premiums written, which are lower in certain businesses, such as our Global Specialty business. Turning to capital management, we returned $2.5 billion of capital to shareholders in the first quarter. This included $2.2 billion of share repurchases and $234 million of dividends. We ended the quarter with a debt to total capital ratio of 17.1% and parent liquidity of $4.9 billion. As I announced on Investor Day, as of April 1, the AIG Board of Directors increased our share repurchase authorization to $7.5 billion, inclusive of the outstanding authorization amount, of which approximately $7.1 billion remains available. Additionally, the Board approved a 12.5% increase in our quarterly dividend of $0.45 per share yesterday. We expect to repurchase a total of $5 billion to $6 billion of shares in 2025, subject to share price and market conditions, which should bring us to a range of 500 million to 550 million shares outstanding over time. Now, I'd like to transition to discuss one of our strategic partnerships. While we covered a lot of content on Investor Day, one part of our business that we did not address in any detail is Tata AIG. With this in mind, I'd like to share some observations on the rapidly growing market in India and insights about our joint venture with the Tata Group. India as a country has made remarkable progress over the last decade. Over that time, the economy has grown from the 10th largest to the 5th largest economy in the world and is likely to become the third largest economy after the United States and China by 2030. Real GDP is estimated to grow approximately 7% over the next two years with nominal GDP growing nearly two times higher. The changing demographics in India are well known, but worth highlighting. In a country of nearly 1.5 billion people, half of the population is below the age of 30. The middle-class is projected to more than double by 2030 with some of the fastest growth happening in Tier-3 and Tier-4 cities. Pivoting to the insurance industry, the general insurance market in India is over $35 billion in gross premiums written as of 2023 and had a compound annual growth rate of around 11% over the last five years. We expect the market will sustain this type of growth through 2030. And there's a massive opportunity for growth, given the changing dynamics. In India, non-life insurance penetration is still relatively low at 1% of GDP. In contrast, the United States is at 9% of GDP. Our presence in India began 25 years ago when we partnered with Tata Group to establish a joint venture, Tata AIG. The India insurance market opened to private insurance companies and direct foreign investment in 2000. At the time, the maximum allowable foreign investment was 26%, which is what we currently hold today. Prior to 2000, India's insurance market was dominated by public sector insurance companies, which had 100% market share. Opening up the market to private insurance and foreign direct investment dramatically shifted India's insurance landscape. Today, private sector insurance companies represent 60% of the non-life market. While India offers tremendous opportunity, it's a complex and highly competitive market. For foreign companies, it's important to choose the right partner, a company with deep and broad knowledge of India and one with a strong reputation. For AIG, there is no better choice than Tata Group, one of the highest quality global companies. Tata Group operates 30 companies in over 100 countries across diverse industries. Its 26 publicly listed enterprises have a combined market cap of $365 billion with over 1 million employees. Over the last decade, Tata Group has been consistently ranked as one of India's most valuable brands. Tata AIG is highly respected and is ranked as the #2 private insurer in the commercial insurance and motor insurance sectors. It serves 27 million customers with 8,500 employees and leverages 85,000 captive agents operating across the country. Tata AIG had $2.1 billion of gross premiums written in 2024 and its mix of business is approximately 75% personal insurance and 25% commercial insurance. Tata AIG is a high-growth business. From 2020 to 2025, we had a compound annual growth rate of 20%, outpacing the market. Through 2030, we expect to continue to grow at the same compound annual growth rate, fueled by India's accelerating economy, rising insurance adoption and Tata AIG's market-leading brand and reputation. The business has exceptional technology and data capabilities that enabled it to scale rapidly and support the continued ambition for accelerated growth. Tata AIG's products and services are digital-first with clients and agents enabled by technology at every stage of the value chain, providing a complete digital customer experience, which is what clients in India expect. Additionally, Tata AIG benefits from access to AIG's multinational network with AIG supporting the joint venture's domestic multinational corporate clients. In close partnership with Tata Group, we're prepared to significantly invest in growth organically and possibly inorganically, should opportunities present themselves. And I expect this business to continue to scale faster than any other geography in our portfolio. There's been a lot of discussion about tariffs and I'd like to share a perspective, understanding that there is still significant uncertainty around the topic of tariffs. To start, let me provide some relevant facts. First, there are only seven countries worldwide that export more than $100 billion to the United States. And China, Canada and Mexico are the only countries that export over $250 billion. When looking at a country's level of exports to the United States as a percentage of their total exports, Mexico is 79%, Canada is 74% and China is less than 20%. Altogether, tariffs create uncertainty, which may lead to lower levels of transactional activity in the near term, impacting certain commercial businesses, but it's premature to predict any specific outcomes related to these emerging macro trends. The greatest challenge for companies is understanding the real impact of tariffs and how they are changing and their implications. There is a complexity not only with tariff policies evolving, but also with the potential impact on supply chains. It's also important to consider the implications to loss costs and inflation. To help parse through this complexity, let me share a property example. Typically, in a high net worth claim and, of course, it's subject to the particular type of loss, approximately 60% of the loss would be for rebuilding costs, 30% for content and 10% or thereabouts for allocated loss adjustment expense. When considering materials, such as lumber, floor coverings, windows, steel, marble or granite, you need to take into account increased inflation rates. Then, you should consider which of these items are imported. For example, Canada represents roughly 85% of all US softwood lumber imports. This added dimension further complicates the calculation of future loss costs. Additionally, if there's another major catastrophe in 2025 beyond the January wildfires, we could see demand surge, supply constraints and further inflation, which may also lead to extended business interruption. Lastly, insurance companies need to monitor the effects of sales, payroll and other factors to calculate the potential impact on future premiums, if any. We will continue to monitor the implications for our business as more information becomes available. Before I close, I want to touch on the financial targets that we announced on Investor Day. These are multi-year goals, so I'm not going to give updates every quarter, but I did want to provide some insight. Operating EPS is on track, and the key drivers for earnings growth remain favorable. We produced strong top-line growth and managed volatility in a very heavy catastrophe quarter. We are on our way to fully replacing Corebridge earnings by 2026 and we expect to achieve a 20%-plus earnings per share compound annual growth rate over the next three years. We continue to make progress towards our goal of achieving 10% to 13% core operating ROE. Our first quarter core operating ROE was 7.7%, which was impacted by catastrophe losses. We expect to meet our 2025 objective of a 10%-plus core operating ROE as we outlined on Investor Day. We've made terrific progress towards our goal of achieving an expense ratio below 30% for General Insurance with the first quarter coming in at 30.5%. We will continue our significant focus to maintain an expense structure that aligns with the size of the company that we are while investing in our data and digital strategies. And finally, turning to our dividend, we announced our intent at Investor Day to grow the dividend per share by 10%-plus in 2025 and 2026. Yesterday, the AIG Board of Directors approved a 12.5% increase in our quarterly dividend of $0.45 per share starting in the second quarter of 2025. In summary, we've entered an exciting new chapter for AIG and we're executing on all aspects of our strategy. With that, I'll turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Walsh: Thank you, Peter, and good morning. Starting with General Insurance, overall results were strong and reflected excellent underwriting and disciplined expense management. Adjusted pre-tax income, or APTI, was $979 million, a decrease of $379 million from the prior year quarter, due to higher catastrophe losses, primarily related to the California wildfires. Underwriting income was $243 million, down $353 million from the prior year quarter. Results reflect higher catastrophe losses, partially offset by favorable prior year development and continued improvement in accident year underwriting. First quarter General Insurance gross premiums written were $9 billion, an increase of 3% from the prior year, and net premiums written were $4.5 billion, an 8% increase. General Insurance combined ratio was 95.8% compared to 89.8% in the prior year quarter and included 9.1 points of CAT losses versus 1.9 points in the first quarter of 2024. Prior year development net of reinsurance was $64 million favorable, up from $22 million favorable in the prior year. This quarter included $31 million of ADC amortization and $33 million of favorable development, largely related to favorable actual versus expected loss experience in the US Property and Global Specialty lines. Looking ahead to the rest of 2025, the ADC amortization is expected to be approximately $31 million each quarter compared to $34 million a quarter in 2024. Our Global Commercial business had a terrific start to the year. Net premiums written grew 10%. We produced a combined ratio of 91.2% despite elevated CAT activity, and our expense ratio improved 40 basis points from the prior year quarter, an excellent result. North America commercial calendar year combined ratio was 93.9%, which included 12 points of CATs. The accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, was 84.3%, an improvement of 160 basis points from the first quarter of 2024. The expense ratio declined a full 2 points, driven by a combination of AIG Next benefits and increased operating leverage, partially offset by higher corporate expense allocations, as the company implemented its lean parent structure. The accident year loss ratio was 62.2% for the quarter, a 40 basis point increase year-over-year due to changes in business mix. Turning to International Commercial. The calendar year combined ratio was 88.2%. This is the eighth consecutive quarter of a sub-90% combined ratio, an outstanding result. The accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, was 85.4%, which increased 240 basis points year-over-year. This was primarily driven by a 130 basis point increase in the expense ratio as a result of lean parent allocations. The accident year loss ratio was 54.6%, a 110 basis point increase year-over-year, reflecting business mix and increased operating costs from lean parent implementation. Turning to Global Personal. The combined ratio was 107.9%, while the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, improved 140 basis points year-over-year to 95.6%. Excluding the divested travel business, the accident year combined ratio improved 110 basis points, owing to a 190 basis point improvement in the accident year loss ratio. This was driven by underlying improvement in our US high-net-worth book, benefiting from a combination of rate over trend, business mix and underwriting actions. This was partially offset by a 70 basis point increase in our acquisition ratio, which we expect to unwind and improve over the course of 2025 as reinsurance and improved commission terms with PCS earn through. As we outlined at Investor Day, we expect to drive financial performance in Global Personal by improving the combined ratio by 500 basis points over the next three years towards our 94% target. Moving to rates, where Peter already provided some perspective. For the first quarter, excluding workers' compensation and Financial Lines, Global Commercial line's pricing, which includes rate and exposure, increased 4%. In North America Commercial, renewal rate increased 1% year-over-year. If you exclude workers' compensation and Financial Lines, renewal rate was up 2% with overall pricing up 4% year-over-year. In International Commercial, overall pricing was up 2% or up 4% excluding Financial Lines. This is an improvement versus the fourth quarter, where pricing was flat. While International Commercial overall pricing is slightly below loss cost trend, excluding Financial Lines, pricing and loss cost trend are roughly in line. Moving to Other Operations. First quarter adjusted pre-tax loss was $70 million, a significant improvement versus the prior year quarter of $205 million, reflecting substantially lower general operating expense, higher net investment income and lower interest expense. As Peter mentioned, we have achieved our Other Operations run-rate GOE target at $85 million in the first quarter and are on track for $350 million of annual expenses in 2025. We are now a much simpler company with a lean parent corporate structure that supports our three operating segments. Turning now to investment income. Our investment portfolio is high-quality and well-diversified with durations that are closely matched to our liability profile. It's predominantly comprised of investment grade fixed maturity securities, helping to minimize exposure to short-term market swings. First quarter net investment income on an APTI basis was $845 million, an increase of $4 million year-over-year. Net investment income is comprised of two categories: our core portfolio, which sits in General Insurance and income from parent liquidity and Corebridge dividends, which sits in Other Operations. First, on General Insurance. Net investment income was $736 million, down $26 million or 3% year-over-year, owing to lower income from other invested assets and alternative investments, partially offset by higher income from the fixed maturity portfolio, as we benefit from improved reinvestment rates. Other invested assets had a loss of $18 million compared to income of $38 million in the first quarter 2024. One variable worth noting is how we account for our joint venture with Tata Group. We include 26% of Tata AIG's net income in other invested assets, which also includes mark-to-market changes in their investment portfolio, which reflects capital market movements in India. It is reported under the equity accounting method with a one quarter lag. Based on our current view, we expect General Insurance total net investment income to be up modestly in the second quarter versus the $736 million in the first quarter. The gains in the fixed maturity and loan portfolio are likely to be offset by lower income from other invested assets and alternative investments. During the first quarter, the average new money yield on the fixed maturity and loan portfolio was 4.56%, roughly 135 basis points higher than sales and maturities in the quarter. The annualized yield excluding calls and prepayments was 4.11%, a 24 basis point increase year-over-year or 19 basis points sequentially. Turning to Other Operations. Net investment income was $108 million, consisting of income from our parent liquidity portfolio of $77 million and Corebridge dividend income of $31 million. Considering current interest rates and lower liquidity balances as we repurchase shares, we expect income from our parent liquidity portfolio to be around $50 million in the second quarter, subject to market conditions. Turning to tax. The adjusted effective tax rate for the first quarter was 22.8%, which included a net benefit from discrete items. As we stated on our fourth quarter earnings call, we expect the adjusted tax rate for the full year 2025 to be in line with the full year 2024 level with slight variations quarter to quarter. Moving on to the balance sheet. We continue to have strong financial flexibility. We believe this positions us well to execute on our strategic priorities while navigating evolving market conditions. Book value per share was $71.38 at quarter-end, up 10% from March 31, 2024, mainly due to the favorable impact of lower interest rates on investment AOCI. Adjusted tangible book value per share was $67.96, down 8% from March 31, 2024, primarily due to the impact of the Corebridge deconsolidation. At the end of the first quarter, we had a debt to total capital ratio of 17.1%. In conclusion, we had a strong first quarter. We expect to deliver on our target of 10%-plus core operating ROE in 2025, while making steady progress on the financial targets we outlined at our Investor Day. With that, I will turn the call back over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Keith. Michelle, we're ready for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning. Thank you. I have a -- maybe a high-level question on kind of the transformation to using GenAI, et cetera. I've got a lot of questions post Investor Day on it that I'm hoping you can help out with. So, would -- I'm just kind of curious like the process for an insurer to transform using AI. Is there a high cost of entry? Does it take a long time to get your data on the right form to be able to adopt? And maybe you can kind of just talk to whether -- what you're doing is table stakes or you feel you're a first-mover or fast follower, just kind of any -- it's tough in our seats to really kind of at this stage understand kind of what it takes to do what you're doing, which doesn't seem easy.
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Mike. Thanks for the question. A few things. One is, we've been working on this for a couple of years and it all started with a foundation of what we did with AIG 200 of having terrific end-to-end process, starting to digitize all of our workflows, getting data quality and data integrity, which enabled us to start to adopt an end-to-end process that was going to enable GenAI to accelerate underwriting and how we were going to be able to assess risks. And so, we began this process, as I said, with pilots. They are no longer pilots. I think that's something I want to be very clear. We're actually going live on a couple of our lines of business. And we continue to evolve with some of the partners that we brought to Investor Day, whether it's Palantir in terms of data ingestion, of accelerating not only the quality of data but the quantity and the speed and being able to utilize large language models to recognize data patterns and recognize risk selection criteria, and our underwriters are enabled to get more information. And so, this has been something that has been highly strategic for us. We're highly committed to it. I don't know where other insurance companies are. My understanding is this is a little bit of a different way of doing it. We think it's the best-in-class way of doing it. I think it was validated by Alex and Dario, and it takes an entire organization to really buy into, the way in which we're going to do this end-to-end and believe that we are going to have the impact that we outlined on Investor Day over time, which is just to decrease cycle time, have higher-quality data and information and empower the underwriters to make decisions.
Mike Zaremski: That's helpful. My quick follow-up is, thanks for the market commentary. I wasn't sure if you gave us North America Commercial pricing metrics. Some of the competitors have talked about kind of seeing a decline in property, which has caused pricing to move down a bit as well. Is that accurate for AIG as well?
Peter Zaffino: Well, I'm going to have Don and Jon comment because I think it's a really important question, Mike. And what I would say on pricing, as always, is that, overall, a lot of times, the index doesn't really tell the story. We know that in North America, in property, we had some headwinds. And we outlined those in my prepared remarks, but still believe that the technical pricing is very strong for very good returns, and we produced those in the quarter on an underlying basis across the world. We've gotten cumulative rate increases that are substantial. You also have to take into account for us, we are a big buyer of reinsurance because we believe in that sort of cost of goods sold approach, which is we have the embedded pricing into our product, and therefore, we know what CAT is going to cost, what risk is going to cost. Our property reinsurance risk-adjusted reductions are greater than what we're seeing on the retail side. I think that's an important point. Our submission count, flight to quality, is really important. And I would also say, and I think that based on my background, I have some credibility and context in this is that when brokers are talking about what's happening in the market, they're talking about the market. And that means they're talking about a lot of insurance companies, a lot of different parts of segmentation, and then, that becomes an index as well. My view is that not all insurance companies are created equal. So, like, if you're leading, if you're setting terms, if you're pricing, you tend to have a little bit of a different outcome. And I think that we've seen that with AIG based on our retention, based on new business, based on what we believe is a flight to quality. So, I'm going to turn it over to Don now, but, again, you have to look at also our casualty was very strong, continues to be very strong after multiple years of very strong rate increases. We saw stronger rate increases in the large account than we did in the mid-market, but all casualty on an excess basis, we saw above loss cost. So, we're seeing some very positive trends in casualty. We see some opportunities for growth. We saw that in Lexington. International is a little bit more orderly, and I'll have Jon highlight that. We saw a little bit of a headwind in pricing in specialty, but that business is performing at an exceptional level. Don, do you want to put it -- I probably answered the question for you, but, like, if maybe you can just give a little bit more context in North America.
Don Bailey: Sure, Peter. Absolutely. So, as you highlighted, Peter, in your commentary, we had some very strong rate in some areas of the North American Commercial segment and definitely had some pressure in other areas. You covered a lot of that in your prepared comments and some of the comments you just offered there. But more line by line, Mike, which I can offer you too, casually, the rate, it continues to be very strong and is in excess of loss trends. We'd also say that it's probably picking up some momentum as well. In excess, we're seeing better rate in the large accounts than we are in the middle market and small. Peter just mentioned that. We've got some data now that tracks that absolutely validates that. Programs in Glatfelter are worth noting as well. Those continue to be rate positive. Again, both program businesses for us, affinity-driven, generally experienced less rate volatility than the rest of our portfolio. We've got highly-engaged distribution partners there, and there are significant growth opportunities in that space. Financial Lines, continues to be down mid-single-digits. So, the good news is we're making an adequate return on the book. Regarding public D&O rate trends, again, if you're looking for some good news, if you look at our quarter, January from a rate standpoint was the worst. March was improved, and we have some early signs that April indicates even more continued improvement. Finally, I'll just say on property, we have had cumulative rate increases over the years. We're seeing some pressure on both retail and wholesale. We'll currently look at this as the year plays out, but we're -- pricing remains above technical, which is great, but we need to see how the rest of the year is going to play out. But overall, we're really pleased with the long tail lines, Peter.
Peter Zaffino: That's great, Don. Thanks. Jon, do you want to make some comments on international rate?
Jon Hancock: Yeah. Well, you and Keith have covered a lot of this. Well, I'll repeat some of what I've said at Investor Day. We have a huge advantage on the diversity of our portfolio products, distribution, geography across the whole of international. So, we have a huge hunting ground and opportunity to divert time, resource and capital into the most attractive areas and away from the others. And that's what we're doing right now and always do, and especially as market dynamics are not the same everywhere at the same time. Now, I'd also say, Peter, you and Keith have both said this, we've got total confidence in the portfolio, the quality, the price, the loss picks, the reserves. We've got that cumulative rate rise you've been talking about with more than price adequate in every portfolio. And you can see that in the results every quarter. And our standards haven't changed, so this market is very orderly for us. Similar trends to Don and different nuances, property rate is still positive, and it's about loss trend. And our retentions are high, and we're growing. I don't think we're giving away margin and we watch that relentlessly. But the combined ratios that we deliver in International Properly -- property, that's some of the best I've seen in my career. So, we start from a very, very strong place. Like with Don here, Financial Lines is under pressure, less pressure than it was, but still under pricing pressure, but that's mainly on D&O in certain markets, not on everything, anywhere. So, our fin lines book has shrunk a bit, and our D&O book has shrunk more. But other parts of the portfolio under much less pressure, so we've got stronger retention there. Casualty varies by region, overall, very rate positive and high retention. And I will call out, and I know you've mentioned Global Specialty and Talbot, there is some rate pressure in some places, but we talked about this on Investor Day and we put some slides up on Investor Day. Those businesses are producing exceptional results quarter in, quarter out, year in, year out. Yes, Marine is still getting really good rate. We're seeing strong growth. The other class, say, there's some pressure, but we're leaders on a lot of that business in the subscription markets in specialty and Talbot. So, we work with clients to achieve sensible and sustainable terms. And where we do follow in that subscription market, much as we won't leave the market down, we won't follow it down there either.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. That's great, Jon. Thank you very much. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open. Meyer, your line may be muted.
Meyer Shields: Sorry. Am I coming through?
Peter Zaffino: Yes.
Operator: Yes.
Meyer Shields: Okay, great. Sorry about that. Okay. So, Peter, you talked about monitoring the uncertainty associated with tariffs. In the interim, what, I guess, underwriting pricing policy administration efforts need to happen just to reflect that uncertainty as you sort of sign contracts that are going to expose you to this risk over the next 12 months?
Peter Zaffino: Thanks for the question, Meyer. There's a couple of things. One is looking at the inflation factors within lines of business that we think will be impacted, certainly, property, we tried to outline that in my prepared remarks, you could have catastrophe losses that have been modeled that will be significantly more depending on what happens with supply and also density and also sort of size of loss. So, there's so many different variables. I think looking at each of the loss cost inputs is going to be really important. An example, if I could just expand a little bit, which is what you saw really in the international loss ratio this quarter is that we're cautious and we saw the loss ratio published increase a little bit, but none of the underlying loss ratios deteriorated. We saw one side fact was that we, part of AIG Next, had unallocated loss adjustment expense that found its way into the International business that used to sit in Other Operations. But we also looked at our best estimates, no underlying loss ratio deterioration happened in the International portfolio, but we built a little bit of risk margin in International to deal with the uncertainty that could be in front of us with sort of different lines of business. And so, we are cautious. We've done this in the past where we feel very good about loss ratios, very good about margin, but we may put a little bit more margin for lines of business that we think could be potentially impacted. So, this is something that is evolving daily. What lines of business, what part of the world changes quite a bit, and we're going to be on our front foot in terms of being proactive and making sure that we have the appropriate loss cost and margin built into our pricing.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. That's very helpful. Second question, from a modeling perspective, should the remaining quarters in 2025 have the same impact of expenses moving from other operations to the GI segments?
Peter Zaffino: So, here's how I would look at it. One is like AIG Next was taking a company that was a conglomerate and simplifying the business by getting the overall organization and culture weave together, and we've accomplished that. So that that was excellent. Two is, we gave significant guidance in terms of the expenses we felt we needed to take out of the company to have a lean operating model. We call it lean parent, but it's got to be a lean company. And so, how we look at the overall expenses are really important. And I think we overachieved because the guidance we gave was, by the end of '25, we should be done with AIG Next. And you can see in Other Operations, GOE, we got there. I mean, like, we are in a place where we've accelerated our progress and feel very pleased with it. I would have expected -- it didn't happen, but I would have expected to see the businesses' expense ratios go up as they will absorb the cost, but they did a phenomenal job of taking out expenses and being proactive as more allocations and more cost came into the business that they had a straight line, ability to not really increase expenses. Now, North America benefited more from AIG Next than international did, and because of the number of countries we're in and you're thinking about IT expenses and legal expenses and other expenses to build a proper global company, more of those allocations were went into international than went into North America. So, international would have had two variables that were kind of moving against it, which is what's reflecting this GOE ratio. But I would expect over the full year -- I could have just answered your question with this sentence, but I thought I'd give you some context, is that, I wouldn't straight line it, but I would think that the expenses you saw in the first quarter ought to be what the year will look like in terms of overall GOE expense in the business.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That is perfectly helpful, and I really appreciate that context. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Barclays. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. First one I had is on the broader environment that you described and the uncertainty that it brings. And just does it change the way you'd approach the M&A environment and just the deployment of all this capital that you have available to you?
Peter Zaffino: I don't think it changes anything, Alex. Thanks for the question. We still remain very disciplined, still looking at the medium to long term for acquisitions. Is it additive to AIG? Is it additive to the company that we may acquire? Looking at the different geographies, different product lines. I think -- and we mentioned also like GenAI and investments and scale and being able to move businesses forward. It gives us great opportunities to look across the world and to see if there's going to be an acquisition that would be additive to AIG. Now, yes, we are in a world of uncertainty, but we've done so much hard work over the past three years on the capital structure side that we have low leverage, cash and we have ample, if not, slightly excess capital in our subsidiaries to grow into. And we still have ownership of Corebridge that we can pull for additional liquidity in the event that we see an acquisition. But we're going to be very careful, we'll be very cautious, and it's not something that needs to be done today. And quite frankly, I said this at Investor Day, if we go through a period of time, which I'm not going to define, that we don't see opportunities that we think are additive to AIG and our shareholders, we'll return the capital to shareholders. But right now, I think it's actually -- some of this uncertainty may actually create opportunities.
Alex Scott: Got it. That's helpful. The second question I had for you is just on the mix shift. From the outside, it's difficult at times to model things like mix shifts. And I think the catastrophe budget, in particular, has come down massively and I guess we'll continue to as you do this mix shift in North America Commercial in particular. So, I know you already gave us some help by quantifying some of these things. I think, based on some of the disclosures you gave earlier, we might even be able to back into a cap budget. But I was hoping maybe you could just help us understand that mix shift, how should we think about the impact on underlying versus all-in combined ratio.
Peter Zaffino: First quarter is hard because of property. And it's when we do our catastrophes, it's a net premium written. I think in the past, what's happened is you could even have negative net premium just based on your seeding out more on an NPW basis than what you'd be writing in the quarter. I think that will start to sort of level out. We don't have a lot of catastrophe purchased within the second, third or fourth quarter. I think we're talking about mix of business. Look, the current environment of property in North America, because International is doing just fine, posting tremendous combined ratios, showing some small growth. But if we saw in the first quarter, that would continue, we are going to reduce our gross writings in property and the market will come back to us. I mean, we haven't even entered CAT season yet. So, I'd like to, as I always say, declare about property at the end of the year, not before CAT season. But I think what's reflected really in the reinsurance is just that the AIG in the past would probably have to pay a little bit more because of the quality of data, the quality of the portfolio. We've been moving forward with that over multiple years and I think that's what was reflected in 2025. The mix of business when we reference it, so property remains slight growth on an underlying basis and we're moving more casualty business into the portfolio of the net premium written. Those -- the combined ratios and the loss ratios are higher. So, I think that's really what we're trying to signal is that we had a tremendous growth in Lexington mid-market casualty, but that loss ratio will be higher than what we would expect for property attritional. And so, as that mix changes, you can see the loss ratios reflect that. That's what we're really referencing.
Alex Scott: Got it. Helpful. Thank you.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Anderson with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Andrew Anderson: Hey, good morning. Just looking at the underlying results in North America Commercial, they seem pretty strong. Is there an opportunity to take more business net here?
Peter Zaffino: Yes, there is. I don't think we would want to, though, because how we look at Property CAT, it is a global risk appetite volatility that we're willing to take. And I think what I referenced, and when the script comes out, like we should read it again, how low nets we have going forward in North America Property, because we buy occurrence in aggregate and the volatility is massively reduced for AIG over the course of four quarters. And so, we like that volatility reduction. We like it priced into the business. And then on Casualty, I know it was probably a massive eye chart at Investor Day with the amount of reinstatements we have and what does the vertical limits do. We don't buy a lot of proportional reinsurance in North America on Casualty. We buy excess of loss. And I think in this environment with large jury verdicts, vertical exposures, I don't think it's prudent to take any more net there. And so, I think we feel really comfortable with the reinsurance structure that we have in North America. And as you pointed out, the combined ratios have improved dramatically and really like the core fundamentals of the business the way it is today.
Andrew Anderson: Thank you. And then just on North America Commercial, ex comp, ex Financial Lines pricing, 4% RPC. I guess that's on a gross basis, perhaps a little bit better net. I guess, where I'm going with this is, I would think that's below loss trend, but perhaps with terms and conditions and maybe some mix shift, it sounds like in your commentary you're not really thinking of underlying loss ratio deterioration here.
Peter Zaffino: No, I'm not. I mean, as I said, it's really being driven more by property. Property was a big negative on the weighted average. But on the other lines of business, again, we're going to watch financial lines. Don had some really good comments on that. Casualties above loss trend. Gladfelter, as we look across the portfolio, it was really just property that was below loss trend and we'll see how that plays out, but are confident that it's above our technical and also that it's not sustainable to have these type of rate decreases over a long period of time. So, we'd end up pulling back in the event that it stayed that way. But submission count is great. I think there's a lot of opportunities. Retention is good and we still think that the property line for us is going to perform very strong. And just one other data point is that in the first quarter, our International Property is as big as our North America Property. And so, I just want to make sure that we remember that, overall, we have opportunities -- if North America becomes aggressive, we have a lot of points of entry in property and the risk-adjusted returns in International are just fantastic and we'll continue to grow there. But...
Andrew Anderson: Thank you.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks. We have one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Thanks for fitting me in. Peter, just curious on North American Commercial growth, just wanted to unpack it a little bit. Is it possible to get maybe what gross written premiums growth was there? Just try to understand the impact of the ceded reinsurance on the growth rate. Just kind of thinking about how sustainable is that growth in the near term that you saw in North America Commercial?
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. So, Brian, the first quarter was benefited from some reinsurance on property. And I think that the growth would be largely reflecting the net, absent property that I mentioned. So, the casualty for Lexington is very close to what it would be on the net. When we had identified -- when we talked about Glatfelter, Glatfelter benefited a little bit from some of the reinsurance, but still had a very strong growth, as did our program business. Don outlined programs at great length at Investor Day. We're doing less programs. We've taken the best practices of Glatfelter and built it out. But I would say those largely, the gross and the nets, were not too far off. It was just really property that benefited. What I just wanted to signal is that you see sort of the rate environment and why you're growing in property, well, we really aren't growing on the gross. As a matter of fact, in Lexington Property, in the gross we contracted, and retail gross slight increase, but the net was really more reflective of the reinsurance on property. Do you want to say something, Don?
Don Bailey: I would just validate that, yeah, the underlying portfolio is strong, it's double-digits on a net basis.
Brian Meredith: Great. So, nothing unusual in the first quarter? I mean, this is good solid growth you're seeing is sustainable here for at least in the near term, unless, of course, some other property competitor or something else comes up?
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. I think, look, you probably won't see the same property effect in the future because we're not going to have as much reinsurance. So, I think those nets will come down. But the rest of the portfolio should reflect, as Don said, really strong new business, strong retention. We'll watch each line of business and make sure we're growing where we want to grow, but still think there's growth opportunities.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then, one last one, Peter. Any updated thoughts on what casualty loss trend is looking like here? A couple of positive developments, I think in Georgia and some areas as far as legislation goes. Maybe thoughts on that?
Peter Zaffino: We'll watch it, Brian. We have not adjusted any of our loss costs and inflation factors on casualty, and we'll probably look at it in the sort of mid-year, but so far, we're keeping it where it was.
Brian Meredith: Perfect. Thank you.
Peter Zaffino: Okay. Thanks everybody for joining us today. Really appreciate it. Have a great day and great weekend.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIG's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead.
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, Michelle, and good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change. Today's remarks may also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at aig.com. Following the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial on June 9th, 2024, the historical results of Corebridge for all periods presented are reflected in AIG's consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations in accordance with US GAAP. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, AIG realigned its organizational structure and the composition of its reportable segments to reflect changes in how AIG manages its operations, which our Chief Financial Officer, Keith Walsh, will discuss in detail during his remarks. Finally, today's remarks related to AIG's adjusted after tax income per diluted share as well as General Insurance results, including key metrics such as underwriting income, margin, and net investment income are presented on a comparable basis, which reflects year-over-year comparison adjusted for the sale of Crop Risk Services and the sale of Validus Re as applicable. Net premiums written and net premiums earned are also presented on a comparable basis, which reflects year-over-year comparison on a constant dollar basis and adjusted for the sale of Crop Risk Services, Validus Re, and the global personal travel and assistance business as applicable. We believe this presentation provides the most useful view of our results and the go forward business in light of the substantial changes to the portfolio since 2023. Please refer to pages 37 through 39 of the earnings presentation for reconciliation of such metrics reportable on a comparable basis. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino.
Peter Zaffino: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to review our fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results. Following my remarks, Keith will provide additional perspectives on our financial results, and then we'll take your questions. Don Bailey and Jon Hancock will join us for the Q&A portion of the call. Before I begin, on behalf of all of us at AIG, I want to acknowledge the devastating impact of the recent wildfires in California on families, communities and the businesses affected. Our local teams remain on the ground in California, providing critical expertise and support to our customers and partners. This tragic event serves as a stark reminder of the escalating risks, elevated catastrophe landscape and the complicated evolving environment that we operate in. It also underscores AIG's purpose to help our customers and clients navigate these challenges with resilience in rebuilding communities and restoring businesses. Let me take a moment to cover what I will walk you through during my remarks this morning. First, I will briefly share highlights from our strong fourth quarter performance. Second, I will discuss our 2024 strategic and operational accomplishments. Third, I will provide an overview of the full year financial results for AIG and our General Insurance business. Fourth, I will comment on the reinsurance market, including the January 1 renewals and provide some observations on the impact of the recent California wildfires. And lastly, I'll provide an update on the progress we have made on our capital management strategy, our path to achieving a 10% plus core ROE and how we are positioning the company for 2025. Let's begin with the fourth quarter results. We recently announced a realignment of our General Insurance business into three segments. North America Commercial, International Commercial and Global Personal. All of our comments will be aligned to these segments. During the quarter, we continued to deliver exceptional underwriting results and we maintained rigorous expense discipline. General Insurance reported strong net premiums written of $6.1 billion, an increase of 7% year-over-year led by 8% growth in Global Commercial lines. Global Commercial generated new business of $1.1 billion a 16% increase year-over-year along with continued strong retention of 86% across the portfolio. Net premiums earned of $6 billion grew 6% year-over-year. Adjusted after tax income per share grew 5% year-over-year to $1.30 per share. The calendar year combined ratio was 92.5%. And the accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 88.6% which was an outstanding result. 2024 was a terrific year of accomplishments for AIG, during which we not only delivered strong financial performance, but also successfully executed significant strategic and operational initiatives. We delivered disciplined growth in our businesses with a primary focus on risk adjusted returns supported by our underwriting expertise. We reshaped the portfolio, including divesting a number of non-core businesses. Following the sale of Validus Re in November of 2023, we closed on the sale of the global individual personal travel insurance business in December of 2024 to further position us for the future. While these divestitures help to further simplify AIG, the biggest accomplishment of the year was the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial. The separation was a four year journey during which we strategically positioned Corebridge for its future while creating a new capital structure for AIG. Some of the major milestones of the Corebridge journey included establishing a very important partnership with Blackstone through an initial 9.9% sale in 2021, executing the largest US IPO in 2022, setting up a strategic asset management partnership with BlackRock, divesting non-core foreign businesses, completing five successful secondary offerings, two of which were in 2024 and culminating in the fourth quarter with AIG sale of a 22% stake in Corebridge for $3.8 billion to Nippon Life, securing another strategic partner for the company. With the accounting deconsolidation of Corebridge, AIG is now a less complex and more streamlined global business. AIG Next was another operational accomplishment in the year, which further supported our journey to make the company leaner, weave the organization together and reduce expenses. We exited 2024 achieving $450 million in run rate savings as part of the program and we expect the remaining benefits to be realized in the first half of 2025. We also continue to successfully execute on our capital management strategy in a very disciplined manner with nearly $10 billion of actions in 2024. AIG reduced shares outstanding by 12% and increased the quarterly dividend per share by 11%, resulting in the return of $8.1 billion of capital to shareholders. We received over $4 billion in dividends from our subsidiaries due to the improved profitability of our operations. We further reduced our debt to total capital ratio to 17% and we ended the year with $7.7 billion of parent liquidity. Our capital management actions to-date have provided us with tremendous financial flexibility. Another strategic accomplishment in 2024 was the delivery of AIG's first generative artificial intelligence large language model powered solution to support business growth. Specifically, we implemented AIG Underwriter Assist, which automates qualitative unstructured data extraction from underlying submissions, internal AIG data sources, and external research in minutes to support underwriter review of submissions. To support and advance our GenAI aspirations, we've cultivated an ecosystem of top tier technology partners, including Palantir, Anthropic and AWS in support of an agentic architecture operating model that allows for maximum flexibility. We also launched the Reinsurance Syndicate 2478 at Lloyd's through a multiyear strategic relationship with Blackstone as part of AIG's Outwards Reinsurance Program. The syndicate began underwriting on January 1, 2025 and now serves as a key component of AIG's reinsurance strategy, which I will go over in more detail later. Turning to the financial results for the full year 2024. Adjusted after tax income was $3.3 billion or $4.95 per diluted share, an increase of 28% year-over-year. The improvement was primarily driven by stronger underlying underwriting results, expense reduction benefits from AIG Next, an increase in net investment income and the execution of our balanced capital management strategy. General Insurance delivered terrific financial performance for 2024. For the full year, net premiums written were $23.9 billion, a 6% increase year-over-year. Net premiums earned were $23.5 billion, a 7% increase year-over-year. The accident year combined ratio as adjusted was 88.2%, which marked the sixth consecutive year of improvement, largely driven by the GOE ratio. The full year General Insurance combined ratio was 91.8%. This was the third consecutive year of a sub-92% combined ratio. Prior year reserve development, net of reinsurance and prior year premium was $289 million a benefit of 1.4 points to the loss ratio. General Insurance full year underwriting income was $1.9 billion roughly in line with the prior year despite higher catastrophe losses. In Global Commercial, net premiums written of $16.8 billion increased 7% year-over-year. North America Commercial grew net premiums written by 9% year-over-year. Lexington grew net premiums written by 14% fueled by robust new business of $1.1 billion and a 42% increase in submissions year-over-year, and that was balanced across all lines. Retail casualty grew net premiums written by 11%, excluding the closeout transaction we mentioned in the third quarter. Our portfolio continues to benefit from a strong rate environment, high retention of our existing portfolio at 93%, and we have select opportunities in new business. International Commercial grew net premiums written by 4% year-over-year, driven by energy at 13%, retail property at 11% and Talbot at 7%. Global Personal grew net premiums written by 3% year-over-year, driven by International Personal Auto at 8% and our high net worth business at 6%. I would now like to turn to reinsurance and provide some observations on the market and an update on AIG's reinsurance renewals at January 1 of this year. Overall, AIG had a very strong 01/01 renewal season. Since the reinsurance market's major reset on January 1 of 2023 our consistency in strategy, placement and execution has positioned us very favorably. Benefiting from an environment of higher retentions and commensurate pricing increases, property reinsurers sought to deploy more capital, but were predominantly focused on upper layers with more remote return periods. Depending on loss activity, limited additional demand led to risk adjusted rate reductions that were consistent with expectations, with the bottom catastrophe layers renewing flat to down 5% and upper catastrophe layers receiving reductions of 10% to 15%. I want to provide some context and observations on the changes in the market as a result of the increase in reinsurance retentions, which I've mentioned on previous calls is creating an interesting dynamic for the market in 2025. One insightful statistic from an Aon study of over 150 companies over the past ten years is that retentions have risen significantly around the world with the US attachment points on average increasing by 280%. As a reminder, in 2024, insured loss from natural catastrophes was approximately 145 billion. The sixth costliest on record and this compares to the average for the last five years of 140 billion. With the increased retentions and increased catastrophe activity, much more of the risk is now being retained by insurance companies. In 2023 and 2024, primary insurance carriers are estimated to retain approximately 90% of the insured loss from natural catastrophes with the reinsurance industry absorbing 10%. Contrast this with the period prior to 2023, reinsurers would often share a significantly higher proportion of the insured loss with the distribution of losses between insurers and reinsurers at approximately 50-50 on average. Meanwhile, AIG is focused on maintaining lower excess of loss attachment points, including meaningful aggregate coverage to manage frequency of loss tailored to our geographic exposure and to the type of perils that we are exposed. Taking a closer look at wildfires and how the market has changed, the average annual insured loss from 2000 to 2024 was approximately 4 billion globally of which the US is the majority at 3.5 billion Narrow that period to the last ten years and average annual losses from wildfires have roughly doubled to around 8 billion of which 7.4 billion has occurred in the United States. Insured loss estimates for the California wildfires are currently coalescing around 40 billion with some estimates from credible catastrophe experts reaching as high as 50 billion. The economic loss is estimated to be in excess of 250 billion producing a protection gap of as much as 80%. Contrast that to the top 10 largest insured cat events on record, where insurance has typically covered 40% to 50% of the economic loss. As a point of reference, insurance covered approximately 50% of the economic loss from Hurricane Katrina, the largest natural catastrophe event this century. The California wildfires demonstrate the increased loss from secondary perils and the magnitude of tail events that are not captured well in modeling. In a month with one of the lowest model probabilities of loss, the California wildfires alone would make the first quarter of 2025 the second most costly first quarter for natural catastrophes on record. Fifteen years ago, adjusting for inflation, 100 billion was considered the benchmark for an outsized cat year. With the last eight years averaging more than 140 billion this thinking is clearly outdated. If you assume the upper end of the range for the California wildfires taking a $50 billion loss pick, adding the average annual insured loss for the past eight years, and assuming we have an active, but not abnormal wind season, which is realistic given the 2024 hurricane season experience and ocean temperatures are the warmest on record, 2025 could be a year of more than 200 billion of insured catastrophe losses. This could recalibrate the entire industry. AIG reduced our overall California exposure beginning in 2022. This decision, coupled with our 2025 reinsurance structure has effectively reduced our exposure such that the expected loss to AIG from the recent wildfires is approximately 500 million before reinstatement premiums and barring any unforeseen additional developments. Turning specifically to AIG's reinsurance outcomes at 01/01, we successfully maintained our prior objectives, our reinsurance purchasing strategy to preserve and optimize capital and enhance the quality of earnings through active management of the volatility of our underwriting results. Starting with our property catastrophe placements, our core commercial North America retention of 500 million remains unchanged in nominal terms for the third consecutive year despite growth in the underlying portfolio. We also expanded coverage and maintained our core international occurrence attachments and renewed our dedicated occurrence tower for our high net worth business, which attaches at 200 million. We improved our 500 million of aggregate protection by reducing the annual aggregate deductible for North America, creating a specific non-peak section and expanding the coverage for the high net worth portfolio. Overall, for North America, depending on loss distribution, AIG's modeled net first loss exposure, including the impact of reinstatement premiums is comparable to 2024 and our second and third event exposure is materially lower following its renewal cycle. For all of our major proportional treaties, we were able to improve or maintain our ceding commission levels, a strong recognition of our underwriting expertise and our position as a market leader across multiple classes. We were also able to establish two new proportional treaties to support the high net worth portfolio. Our strategy to establish Private Client Select as a standalone MGU and introduce capacity to support growth in the platform beyond AIG's balance sheet has been validated with the addition of five of the leading underwriting companies in the world to the platform, taking 30% of our homeowners and auto portfolios through quota share reinsurance. Casualty remains an area of caution for many reinsurers with appetite generally diminished. They are highly selective of the insurance companies they support. And overall, the casualty renewals were more orderly for the companies that have strong underwriting portfolios. We were pleased with the successful renewal of our core casualty treaties at favorable terms. This renewal cycle again signals the strong external industry recognition that AIG continues to be a leader in the casualty market. We remain optimistic on the outlook for our casualty portfolio and see considerable opportunities ahead, while being cautious and very focused on maintaining our high underwriting standards. Also of significance for AIG at 01/01 was our launch of a new dedicated reinsurance syndicate at Lloyd's supported by funds managed by Blackstone. This pioneering structure announced in December 2024 is an example of how insurance risk can be directly connected to sophisticated investors to generate attractive returns for both parties. The syndicate provides AIG with a long-term meaningful reinsurance partner and an additional source of fee income. Blackstone has access to a high quality, well diversified underwriting portfolio with the ability to generate attractive returns by taking a sizable participation in the majority of AIG's outward reinsurance treaties at market terms. We're pleased to partner with a leading global asset manager on its innovative structure. Our reinsurance strategy has played a pivotal role in our journey to establish AIG as an industry leading global P&C underwriter. We're grateful for the long-term support and partnership of the industry's leading reinsurers, which has helped position us where we are today. Turning to capital management, we continue to execute very well on our balance and disciplined strategy. We made major progress in 2024 and in many ways exceeded expectations. As we outlined last year, our guidance was to repurchase $10 billion of shares in 2024 and in 2025. The current guidance is expected to bring us within our target share count range of 550 million to 600 million shares. We have $3.4 billion of the $10 billion guidance that I provided remaining for 2025. We will likely exceed this guidance and we have over $5.6 billion remaining on our current share repurchased authorization. We expect to return to more normalized levels of share repurchases as we enter 2026, assuming we have no further sell downs of Corebridge or other additional sources of liquidity. We ended the year with a very strong parent liquidity of $7.7 billion. Additionally, we do not anticipate taking any actions that would significantly affect leverage in 2025. We are committed to reviewing our dividend annually and anticipate that we will increase our dividend in 2025 in line with the decrease in our share count over the past year, subject to AIG board approval. Going forward, our key focus is on profitable growth and allocating capital to the best opportunities for the most attractive risk adjusted returns. Our very early forecast indicates we're off to a strong start for 2025 and barring any unforeseen developments, we expect to achieve meaningful organic growth driven by our Global Commercial business and the benefits of our restructured reinsurance program. As a result of our disciplined capital management, combined with our sustained underwriting excellence and continued focus on expense management, we're well on track to deliver a 10% plus core operating ROE for the full year 2025. We have several ways in which we can deliver on this commitment. These are maintaining our strong underwriting results with a focus on improving Global Personal, improving our investment income yields, executing on a simpler, leaner business model across AIG and continued balanced capital management. In summary, I'm very pleased with our outstanding fourth quarter and full year 2024 performance. 2025 is a new chapter for AIG and we're moving forward with strong momentum. We continue to differentiate ourselves with deep industry expertise and disciplined focus on underwriting excellence and outstanding operations and claims capabilities, which drive exceptional value for our clients, partners and stakeholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Walsh: Thank you, Peter. This morning, I will provide details on fourth quarter results for General Insurance, net investment income and other operations as well as key balance sheet items. I would like to begin by addressing a few changes in our financial reporting. As Peter mentioned, we have realigned our General Insurance business into three reporting segments. North America Commercial, International Commercial and Global Personal. Global Personal lines have been consolidated into a single reporting segment. This brings together our Global Accident and Health, Personal Home and Auto, Global Warranty and Services and High Net Worth businesses. Along with our new reporting segments, we have updated the product line net premiums written disclosure on Page 8 of our financial supplement to give more transparency into the underlying trends in our businesses. The three segments and updated product line disclosure are reflected retrospectively in AIG's 2024 fourth quarter and full year financial results. Additionally, we have streamlined other operations to include activities only related to having a global regulated parent company and now exclude the results of runoff businesses from adjusted pre-tax income. We believe these changes enhance the clarity of our financial disclosures and provide a better representation and alignment of our core business. Historical results have been recast to reflect these changes with de minimis impact to operating EPS. Other operations now largely consists of net investment income from our parent liquidity portfolio, Corebridge dividend income, corporate general operating expenses and interest expense. Turning to our fourth quarter General Insurance results. Adjusted pre-tax income or APTI was $1.2 billion. In North America commercial, net premiums written increased 9% year-over-year, driven by strong new business, which grew 17% with retention of 85%. International Commercial net premiums written increased 7% year-over-year with new business growth of 15% and excellent retention of 88%. In Global Personal, net premiums written increased 1% on a constant currency basis. The sale of the Global Personal Travel and Assistance business, which closed in early December, was about a four point headwind to the year-over-year comparison. Adjusting for that, growth was 5% in the quarter on a comparable basis, driven by 16% growth in our Global High Net Worth business. The sale of the Global Personal Travel business will have an impact on the Global Personal segment in 2025. For full year 2024, this segment had $7.1 billion of net premiums written. When modeling 2025, the sale of the Global Travel business will remove approximately $720 million of net premiums written. This is a roughly 10 percentage point growth impact for the segment. General Insurance underwriting income for the quarter was $454 million, a $156 million decrease from the prior year quarter, driven entirely by higher catastrophe losses. General Insurance calendar year combined ratio was 92.5%. The accident year combined ratio as adjusted was 88.6%, a 30 basis point increase from the prior year quarter. This was driven by a slight increase in the accident year loss ratio, while the expense ratio remained flat despite absorbing more AIG parent expenses. Catastrophe losses were $325 million or 5.5 points on the loss ratio. This includes $224 million of losses from Hurricane Milton and an adjustment for prior quarters events largely from Hurricane Helene, which occurred on the final day of the third quarter. Turning to reserves and our detailed valuation reviews or DVRs. This quarter, General Insurance had $102 million of favorable prior year development, including $34 million from the ADC amortization, $16 million from our fourth quarter DVRs and $52 million from non-DVR adjustments, predominantly recognition of AVE on US short-tail lines. The fourth quarter's DVRs covered the remaining 10% or approximately $4 billion of our total loss reserves focusing on the remaining portion of US financial lines, global personal lines Canada and Glatfelter. The favorable prior year development was primarily driven by Canada Casualty and US E&O. We conduct a comprehensive DVR annually for each product line across our $40 billion of reserves. While DVRs are spread across quarters, we have a robust year-round process on our entire book in addition to our quarterly DVRs. Going forward, our comments will focus less on reporting the DVR outcomes and more on our overall reserve analysis, which reflects AVE claims diagnostics and rate monitoring across all lines and geographies. One additional item I would like to discuss is a provisional reserve we created in 2022 in response to the potential uncertainty with inflation and other variables in the post-pandemic macro environment. This provision, which is included in IBNR, has been carried in the lines that we viewed as most susceptible to rising inflation with a large portion booked in our workers' compensation reserves. This year, we undertook a thorough review of the uncertainty provision which was set above the loss picks from our actuarial reviews and refined our analysis, including its allocation among our lines of business. The uncertainty provision did not reflect any emergence and we have maintained the overall estimate. However, we have decided to reduce the provision in excess workers' comp and reapportion approximately $150 million of the provision within excess casualty. We elected to move this portion of the reserve to excess casualty as the development factors and the length of the tail can drive a wider range of outcomes on our reserves. To be clear, our traditional reserve methods are not indicating any emergence in excess casualty, but we felt, given the nature of the provision, it was more appropriate to be situated within this line. As a reminder, our reserving philosophy is to react to bad news quickly and wait to recognize good news over time as we monitor developments. Moving on to rates and pricing. Fourth quarter Global Commercial Lines pricing, which includes rate and exposure increased 5% year-over-year, excluding workers' compensation and financial lines. In North America Commercial, renewal rate increased 3% year-over-year or 7% if you exclude workers' compensation and financial lines. Exposures increased 2% year-over-year with an all-in pricing change above loss cost trend. Property market conditions were under pressure in the fourth quarter due to increased competition across both the admitted and E&S markets, while the underwriting margin remained healthy. Supported by the cumulative rate increases over the past several years and our disciplined approach. In North America Casualty lines, rate continued to outpace loss cost trend with increases in the mid-teens in wholesale and excess casualty. In North America financial lines, we continue to experience headwinds, but see indications that rate reductions are moderating. In International Commercial, overall pricing was flat or up 2% excluding financial lines. While rate is below trend, we feel good about our book given we've had over 60% cumulative risk-adjusted rate since 2018. Our well-diversified portfolio allows us to navigate different market conditions effectively prioritizing lines of business that offer the most compelling risk adjusted returns while upholding our underwriting standards. For the full year 2024, excluding workers' compensation and financial lines, Global Commercial lines pricing, which includes rate and exposure increased 6%, with 8% in North America and 4% in International. Turning to other operations. Fourth quarter adjusted pretax loss was $150 million, which improved 34% year-over-year. This was primarily driven by lower GOE reflecting AIG Next benefits as well as incremental movement of GOE into General Insurance. We continue to realize the benefits of AIG Next and push nonpublic company-related expenses into the business. We expect corporate GOE expenses to migrate towards approximately a $90 million per quarter run rate over the course of 2025. Interest expense improved $10 million year-over-year, as a result of our liability management, which reduced total debt by $1.6 billion in 2024. One other item I want to discuss is a runoff business, Blackboard. In the fourth quarter, we increased the prior accident year reserves for Blackboard by $112 million to reflect loss activity that has been well above what was expected. Turning now to investment income. For the full year 2024, net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.5 billion, up 13% from 2023, primarily driven by Corebridge dividends, an increase in short-term investment income and higher reinvestment rates on fixed maturities. Fourth quarter net investment income on an APTI basis was $872 million largely unchanged year-over-year. General Insurance net investment income was $779 million, including income on fixed maturities, loans and short-term investments of $720 million and alternative investment income of $72 million. Other operations net investment income was $93 million, consisting of income from our parent liquidity portfolio of $64 million and Corebridge dividend income of $29 million. During the fourth quarter, we continued to benefit from higher reinvestment rates on the fixed maturity and loan portfolio. The average new money yield of 5.38% was roughly 175 basis points higher than the sales and maturities in the quarter. The annualized yield on the fixed maturity and loan portfolio, excluding calls and prepayments was 3.92%, up four basis points year-over-year or three basis points sequentially. The fourth quarter alternative investment income was $67 million, an increase of $26 million year-over-year, driven by improved private equity performance, partially offset by lower hedge fund income owing to our strategy to reduce exposure. Private equity yielded 6.42% for the quarter, below our long-term expected return of 7.5%. The makeup of our private equity portfolio is a little over 25% real estate and with the current macro environment, we expect pressure from this portion of the portfolio to continue through 2025. Turning to tax. The adjusted effective tax rate for the fourth quarter and full year was 24.6%. For 2025, we expect the adjusted tax rate to be in line with 2024, but may vary based on the geographic mix of income. We finished 2024 with a very strong balance sheet. Book value per share was $70.16 at year-end, up 8% from December 31st, 2023, mainly due to the favorable impact of lower interest rates on AOCI and reduced shares outstanding. Adjusted book value per share was $73.79 down 6% from year-end 2023, primarily due to the impact of Corebridge deconsolidation. Core operating ROE was 9.1% in the quarter and for the full year. As Peter laid out, we are committed to achieving our target of a 10% plus core operating ROE for the full year 2025. As Peter mentioned, we had a substantial $6.6 billion returned to shareholders in 2024 through share repurchases and are well on our way to completing our guidance of $10 billion of repurchases in 2024 and 2025. Through February 7, we have repurchased $952 million of shares year-to-date in 2025. We are proud of the significant progress we've made in 2024 and the ability to deliver outstanding core operating results while successfully executing significant transformation initiatives. With that, I will turn the call back over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Keith and Michelle, we're ready for questions..
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alex Scott with Barclays. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hey, good morning. First one I have for you, excuse me, is on the core ROE that you gave. I just wanted to confirm that that's including the wildfire impact. And it looks like it's running a bit better than I would have expected based on the combined ratios that you've talked about in the past and corporate expenses and so forth. So I was just interested if you define it all on maybe some of the things that you're running ahead on or that are improving relative to some of those comments you've made in the past? Thanks.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Certainly, Alex. And, yes, we are confirming the 10% plus ROE including the $500 million wildfire that we had in January. If I could spend a second, I think we've done an exceptional job over the past few years of structuring our sort of global portfolio structuring the reinsurance to supplement that and having net retentions well within our expectations and what we budget. If I look at what we do budget for AAL over the last couple of years relative to our overall experience, it's been exactly where we anticipated even with elevated activity. So this is no different. I mentioned on the call that we're going to take first event losses around the same with reinsurance that we did in 2024, but second and third events will be less. And so that's how we structured it. And we are confirming guidance on the 10% including what happened in January. I think Keith noted that we have a lot of different ways in which we can sort of drive improvement in terms of earnings. I did as well in my prepared remarks. We're really pleased with the commercial portfolio and how it's performed on a combined ratio basis. We just continue to, I think, elevate our overall performance. I have singled out personal because I think that combined ratio is not where any of us want to be. We consolidated that under one leader. Jon Hancock, he's shown exceptional leadership in what he's done with the commercial portfolio in international. And I think it's going to give us a much better line of sight on the overall portfolio in terms of how we can improve it, which we fully expect to do. I think there's opportunities in NII further capital management. And I think we reconfirmed what we're doing on return of capital to shareholders. So I think we have a lot of very positive momentum and want to confirm guidance. Do you have a follow-up, Alex?
Alex Scott: Yes. So as a follow-up, I'd just be interested in some of the areas you're targeting towards organic growth. And maybe in particular, your updated view on price adequacy just given some of the declines in property pricing in E&S and then maybe also on casualty?
Peter Zaffino: Okay. I'm going to have Jon Hancock and Don Bailey talk a little bit about the growth because they've done an exceptional job in terms of outlining where our portfolio can grow, focusing on risk-adjusted returns. What I would say and this is complementing their efforts is that we've just done a tremendous job in terms of client retention focusing on an underwriting culture of maintaining and improving profitability. And so like we deploy capital where we think we have the best opportunities for improved risk adjusted returns. And they've done an exceptional job on new business in targeting parts of our business where we think we can have those outsized returns over time. And I think that's how you've seen the portfolio shape. So Jon why don't I start with you in terms of international and maybe give us a little bit of insight in terms of the growth.
Jon Hancock: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Peter, and Alex. Growth through retention and new business was strong in the quarter. Peter and Keith called out a lot of that in their opening remarks, so I won't repeat it now. But what I will say is, we're working from such a strong base in this commercial portfolio in international. And when we look at where we've been growing, if you look at the quarter, there's a lot of seasonality across international. For example, in Q4, 50%, more than 50% of our net premiums come from just two lines. We like the global specialty and financial lines, but that's not the full year mix. So I think looking at growth, looking at new business, quarter-on-quarter isn't always the most insightful way. And Q4 is obviously the end of the year as well. So I think it's a good time to reflect on what we've been doing the whole of 2024 and talk about that momentum that we have been building. If I look at the full year, Keith called it out, 4% growth in the year across International Commercial. Renewal retention in the full year, 89%. I'm really, really pleased with that on such a good book of business. And new business for the year, more than $2 billion of new business during the year in International Commercial. Again, a great outcome, really reflective of the fact that we're still seeing great new business opportunities all around the world actually. And I also do want to make clear that new business is a big driver of our growth. We manage the quality, the price advocacy of our new business just as closely as we do our renewal book. And we trade on a value we offer. Our recognition as market leader, first class claims, risk management, strong balance sheet, not just price and that matters to a lot of customers. And if I could, I know you asked about property specifically. If I can just call out two places where we've been working really hard with our distribution partners on being clear on risk appetite, building propositions that customers want, building strong opportunity pipeline. That's where we've been getting the growth momentum from, and that's what we will see all through this year. There's too many areas to call out across international, but Global Specialty. A number of new business submissions up 24% year-on-year. Marine absolutely outstanding at 46% increase. Our straight rate on the business, we quote more than 25%. And again, Marine Energy, which Peter talked about earlier, 40% strike rates. So that's more than $700 million of new business in Global Specialty. Just a final one to show that momentum. Our commercial property book another standout. We spent a lot of time fixing and repositioning that portfolio. And we've now seen over the last couple of years, really strong growth and profit. Growth of 11% in the year. We're still seeing strong mid-digit rate rises as well as growth and some real high quality new business. The rating environment today, as Peter said earlier, is different to what it was in Q4. So we see lots of great opportunity all over and we'll build on that momentum.
Peter Zaffino: That's great, Jon. Thank you. Don, maybe I just want to have a little bit of a highlight of achievements in North America in terms of growth.
Don Bailey: Great. Thank you, Peter. I'll break down the North American Commercial numbers. For 2024, and you mentioned this, we grew net premiums by 9% driven by retention and our new business. We had strong retention of 91% in retail and 76% in wholesale. We also delivered impressive new business growth like Jon in North America, 15% up on a year-over-year basis and that's on top of 14% new business growth in 2023. This growth is intentional, it's strategic, it's diversified. With the great work over the past few years in our portfolio, we came into 2024 with distribution engagement as a top priority for us in all the channels in which we operate and it's paid off. Our new business was strong through all three channels. Retail, wholesale and alternative. With Lexington, we had another strong year. They represented 48% of our new business. Lex property, casualty, western world, all delivered. And as Peter referenced, Lex another big increase in submissions, 42% increase on a year-over-year basis. And there's a clear opportunity to harness the strong submission activity there to drive growth as we go forward. The rest of the new business was balanced across the portfolio. And finally, Peter, I'll just say this at the end that our growth given our unique assets at AIG, we really are able to underwrite with great discipline within our risk appetites and target opportunities with attractive risk-adjusted returns. Thanks, Peter.
Peter Zaffino: That's great, Don. Jon, thank you. I know that answer was they were very thorough, but they're doing the work. And so I thought it would be really helpful to hear from them. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Peter, I was hoping you could walk us through how we should think about the impact of the artificial intelligence deployed in underwriting? I know it's simplistic to say how many loss ratio points would have moved, but how should we think about it more broadly?
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Meyer, and good morning. For us, I could spend a meaningful amount of time talking about GenAI and we fully intend to do that at Investor Day. Our focus has always been on driving growth certainly there's opportunities in contact centers and call centers and operational capabilities that through large language models, robotics that we will gain efficiencies. But for us, it's all about ingestion of data, getting more qualified data to the underwriters in a fraction of the time. And in order to do that, you need to be very disciplined sort of end-to-end. So how we ingest data from brokers and agents, how we define what data we want in the underwriting criteria when it gets to the underwriter, how do we load that into models and how do we get more data from credible sources that may supplement the underwriters' decision making in order to continue to improve the portfolio. If I use Lexington as an example, in 2017 and 2018, we received 40,000 submissions. This year, it's over 400,000. So it's more complex today than just building out algorithms to get to different industry groups or different classes of business. We want to get more to the underwriters real time. And so we've been doing this for the better part of 18 months. I said we built out a really strong agentic ecosystem with, again, data ingestion with Palantir, building out large language models with Anthropic and using other reliable third parties to help us accelerate the modeling. And so I think it's going to help us propel top line growth by getting more data, getting richer data sets, giving the underwriters more capabilities to underwrite and having it done in the fraction amount of time and doing it at scale.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you. That's very helpful. The second question is on the timeline for getting the high net worth personal lines business to growth underwriting profitability. I don't know if there's anything you can share on that.
Peter Zaffino: Yes, absolutely, Meyer. And, look, I think we've been on that journey for a couple of years, and everybody has been patient with the story. We continue to improve the combined ratio. We continue to improve the loss ratio. And if you look at Global Personal, the biggest contributor in terms of that improvement, it was primarily all the private client service or a high net worth business. There was a significant improvement in the loss ratio and we expect that to continue. We have a balanced growth strategy with non-admitted as well as admitted and believe that as we see more submission activity, which we are, not admitted that we're able to deploy our capital with more flexibility to be responsive to client needs. So I'm thinking about structure pricing, the amount of limit that we can put out and it's not only in peak zones, it's in non-peak zones. And so we expect to see that continue to accelerate. We got to scale this year. And so we've renegotiated ceding commissions with PCS and so you'll see a meaningful improvement there, which should translate into overall expense ratio improvement and combined ratio improvement. And last I mentioned is that we have tremendous partners that have joined us based on how we've repositioned the portfolio and our encouraging growth. And so we have a 30% quota share with six participants all have very strong expertise in the high net worth space that are backing us for more growth. So I think we have it all moving in the right direction, attritional loss ratios, cat support from great partners and improvement in expense ratio and you'll see that contribute in 2025 to helping overall Global Personal improve.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Newsome with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Jon Newsome: Good morning. Congrats on the quarter.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Jon.
Jon Newsome: Two sort of big picture question. One is are we at a point where there are aspirational areas of business that AIG is not in that you would be looking for either on organic or inorganic basis? And I guess sort of relatedly on the other side of that question is where are we from a divesting of noncore businesses perspective? Are we pretty much done at this point?
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Thanks for the question. I'll start with the second one first. I think we are largely done. I mean, I don't ever say never or always. But I think we now have the portfolio in a place where we'd like it, certainly on the commercial side, and now having one segment for Global Personal. We know we have work to do, but really like the mix of the portfolio, its global balance and think that we can grow it. In terms of M&A, we're going to remain very disciplined. I always use the word when I get the question on the calls or I'm in front of you. It's around being, it has to be compelling, which just means that it's either going to be a geography that's complementary that actually adds value to AIG and our clients' products that we may not be in that we like and think that it's going to be accretive to ROE and how we grow our business. There are businesses that we have that have scale, but additional scale could be quite compelling. And so we are looking at that businesses that may do that and accelerate. And of course then there's complementary businesses that we may not be in that we think could be very additive to the platform. So we have a very disciplined approach. We always are looking around the world to see if there's things that are additive. But I do want to say I think we're at the size and scale where we don't need to add anything. We are showing, and I think Jon and Don provided tremendous insight as to why we think we can grow the business organically. We have a really strong capital base, which we can grow into, and believe that there's a path there. So I don't think it's an either or. I think we have now set the company up with enormous strategic and financial flexibility. We'll remain very disciplined as we look at inorganic, but we're very excited about the organic opportunities that are in front of us.
Jon Newsome: Great. Maybe as a second question. Do you have any thoughts on the regulatory environment? Clearly lots of, as my grandmother would say, interesting things happening in California from a regulatory perspective. But broader, do you think there's some changes here that are coming or do you think it's pretty status quo?
Peter Zaffino: Insurance is complicated because we're regulated state by state. And that makes every state a little bit different, right? And I think the ones that get the attention are going to be ones that have peak zone exposure like we're seeing within California. And California is particularly complicated because I relate it almost to Japan. It's a geography that has two major perils that drive catastrophe results. And so I was in Japan's typhoon quake, California's quake and now wildfire. And but there's regulators. We work very closely with them to try and be helpful and constructive on the changes that have happened in the catastrophe climate, which is looking at modeling, looking at loss cost, looking at cost of goods sold and looking at ways in which we can be more responsive to client needs. And I think that in California, we just saw that the modeling is flawed. It doesn't necessarily always take into account tail events. There's not a lot of model losses north of $40 billion. And so therefore, it becomes very complicated. And I don't mean this in California, but we're now seeing it, which is some of these state set up sort of vehicles that become a market of last resort be sometimes become a market of only resort and then they end up taking on a lot of aggregate. So I think we just need a reset in certain spots. And I think like insurance companies that have technical capabilities working very closely with regulators. I hope that we're going to position the businesses where we will have more flexibility in the future.
Jon Newsome: Thank you very much.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Great. Follow-up, morning, on the expense ratio. I heard the comments about ceding commissions improving, so that should be a positive going forward. The expense ratio has been running a bit higher than expected for a while now. I mean, obviously, the loss ratio has been excellent. So that's the main focus. But just curious if you're willing to give any specific more specific guidance on kind of what type of expense ratio level or acquisition expense ratio level we should be thinking about on a go-forward basis?
Peter Zaffino: Michael, are we talking about PCS and high net worth or just general insurance?
Michael Zaremski: Sorry, I was talking about the whole company, General Insurance.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. So let me unpack, I mean, again, I know with AIG, it's like with the divestitures and a lot of the moving pieces from other operations into General Insurance, it's complicated. But I'm actually really pleased with what we've done on the expenses. I think we've remained incredibly disciplined. We focused on a lean parent, which just meant that there's simplicity. There's not a lot of expenses sitting in other operations and they're going to be more in the business. So if I actually take you through what happened, and if you look at our financial supplement, you'll see $2.9 billion or thereabout $2.952 billion as sort of the expenses. But if you get underneath that, look, AIG Next, the business was very proactive in getting expenses out. And so we would have gotten around $125 million to $140 million out through AIG Next. But we've added in from other operations and other technology that would have sat in other operations, almost $200 million. And so the business has absorbed a lot of expenses as we reposition the company to have this lean parent very transparent, not with a lot of expenses and the business is absorbing it as we go. And so not only am I proud that they've been able to do that and we haven't had a blip, we also believe that there's opportunities to get more expenses out and the ratios to improve as we get through the rest of 2025. Do you have a follow-up?
Michael Zaremski: Yes. Quick follow-up. Just I know you made some comments on the casualty marketplace. I'm not fast enough to update all the pricing data you gave us, which is always helpful. But I'm curious, are you experiencing any acceleration in casualty pricing, either excess or retail? And do you still feel that I feel like a couple of quarters ago, you mentioned this might be an area you're willing to play a bit of offense in.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. So it's a great question. And again when we look at rate across North America, International, it's an index. And so you don't always get a line of sight. But we do see real opportunities in casualty. We're very cautious, but the rate environment is actually quite strong. I mean in Lexington Casualty, you'll start there. We had 14% rate in 2024. In retail excess casualty, we had 15%, that's the fifth year in a row of double-digit rate increases in retail excess casualty, it's above loss cost trend. So we feel like we're building margin, really strong retention. We've been able to reposition the portfolio as we've liked. We have an exceptional particularly in the US leadership with Barbara Luck. I mean we have the best underwriting team in the industry and that's being demonstrated because clients are asking us to be on their business, help structure it, help the terms and conditions. So others will be active participants in the market. And so we're leading. We're underwriting really well. We've repositioned the portfolio. We've got great reinsurance support for severity. And we're getting rate above loss cost. So I want to be very cautious and careful, but I also don't want to miss the opportunity to be an industry leader.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you
Peter Zaffino: Okay. I want to thank everybody for questions and your active participation today. In closing, I want to thank our AIG colleagues around the world for their continued commitment, teamwork and the significant contributions. I mean, we accomplish a lot every year, and we try to capture it for you today and we really appreciate joining us today. And we look forward to sharing a lot more detail on March 31st during AIG's Investor Day. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. Now at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead.
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, Michelle, and good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change. Today's remarks may also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at aig.com. Additionally, note that following the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial on June 9, 2024, the historical results of Corebridge for all periods presented are reflected in AIG's condensed consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Finally, today's remarks related to General Insurance results, including key metrics such as net premiums written, underwriting income, margin and net investment income are presented on a comparable basis, which reflects year-over-year comparisons on a constant dollar basis as applicable and adjusted to the sale of Crop Risk Services and the sale of Validus Re. We believe this presentation provides the most useful view of General Insurance results and the go-forward business in light of the substantial changes to the portfolio since 2023. Please refer to Pages 26 through 28 of the earnings presentation for reconciliations of such metrics reported on a comparable basis. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino.
Peter Zaffino: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to review our third quarter 2024 financial results. Following my remarks, Sabra will provide more detail on the quarter. Then our North America and international leaders, Don Bailey and Jon Hancock will join us for the Q&A portion of the call. Before we begin, I want to acknowledge the devastating impact the recent weather events had on our communities, which underscores the difficult reality of changing weather patterns and the frequency and severity of these events. At AIG, our claims teams have been working hard to ensure that we respond quickly. I'm grateful to our colleagues for their commitment to our clients and distribution partners. This is our purpose and it's when our company is needed most. Now let me move to the highlights of our outstanding third quarter performance. We continue to deliver exceptional underwriting results, maintain rigorous expense discipline, execute on our capital management plan and make excellent progress on our strategic priorities. Adjusted after-tax income was $798 million or $1.23 per diluted share, representing a 31% increase in earnings per share year-over-year, driven by strong core earnings growth and disciplined execution of our capital management strategy. Underwriting income for the quarter was $437 million, which included total catastrophe related charges of $417 million. The calendar year combined ratio was 92.6%. Consolidated net investment income on an adjusted pre-tax income basis was $897 million, a 19% increase year-over-year. Other operations, adjusted pre-tax loss was $143 million, an improvement of $135 million or nearly 50% year-over-year. Core operating ROE was 9.2% with core operating equity of $34.5 billion as of September 30, 2024. In the third quarter, we returned approximately $1.8 billion to shareholders through $1.5 billion of stock repurchases and $254 million of dividends. In addition, we repurchased $520 million of common stock in October. We ended the third quarter with a debt-to-total-capital ratio of 17.9%, including AOCI and parent liquidity of $4.2 billion. During my remarks this morning, I will provide information on the following five topics. First, I will review the financial results for our General Insurance business. Second, I will provide observations on the catastrophe market and specifically AIG year-to-date. Third, I will update you on our progress with AIG Next and its impact on other operations. Fourth, I will provide an update on our significant progress in AI and related objectives moving forward. And finally, I'll give more detail on our capital management plan and the path to achieving 10% core ROE. Turning to General Insurance. We had another excellent quarter with strong profitability and growth across our businesses. Gross premiums written for the quarter were $8.6 billion, an increase of 3% from the prior year. Net premiums written for the quarter were $6.4 billion, a 6% increase. Net premiums earned for the quarter were $5.9 billion, a 7% increase with $4.2 billion coming from Global Commercial. The accident year combined ratio as adjusted was 88.3%. We had favorable prior year reserve development of $153 million, a benefit of 2.6 points to the loss ratio. Sabra will provide more detail in her prepared remarks. In Global Commercial, we had 7% net premiums written growth over the prior year quarter, driven by over $1.1 billion of new business, which grew 9% year-over-year. Retention remained at 88%, which is an outstanding outcome. The accident year combined ratio as adjusted was 84.2% and the calendar year combined ratio was 89.9%. The GOE ratio was flat year-over-year, while absorbing over $50 million of expenses that shifted from other operations. In Global Personal, we had 3% net premiums written growth over the prior year quarter, led by 9% new business growth across our Global portfolio. The accident year combined ratio as adjusted was 97.8% and the calendar year combined ratio was 98.8%, both were improvements year-over-year, and we expect this segment to continue to improve its financial performance in 2025. North America Commercial grew net premiums written by 11% year-over-year. We had a closeout transaction in the quarter in our casualty portfolio that benefited overall growth, but negatively impacted the accident year loss ratio. Absent this transaction, our net premiums written growth would have been in the high-single-digits. The businesses that drove growth were casualty at 9%, excluding the closeout transaction, 8% in Glatfelter and 7% in Lexington. Retention in North America was 90% in admitted lines and 78% in Lexington, which is an exceptional outcome for an excess and surplus lines business. New business growth in the quarter was simply outstanding. On a year-over-year basis, we had 22% growth in new business led by Lexington with 24% growth. And the story for Lexington just keeps ongoing. We had over 95,000 new business submissions in the quarter, up 35% year-over-year. Casualty submissions were up over 70%, Western World was up over 30% and property was up over 20%. Also, our financial lines new business was up double-digits. This was due almost exclusively to a rebound in M&A following a slow new business quarter for financial lines in the same period last year. North America Commercial accident year combined ratio as adjusted was 85.1% and the calendar year combined ratio was 95.5%, an exceptional outcome given the significant CAT activity in the quarter. The accident year loss ratio was 61.8% for the quarter, which was an increase of 250 basis points year-over-year and reflected two main variables. First, the closeout transaction in AIGRM that I mentioned earlier, while profitable and incrementally beneficial to the overall combined ratio, it carried a higher loss ratio, which resulted in a 70-basis point headwind. And second, the actual versus expected in the prior year quarter comparison was very favorable as a result of our admitted and wholesale property portfolios experiencing close to 30% rate increases last year that earned in over 2023 and the early part of 2024, creating a 180-basis point headwind. The combined ratio also benefited from a lower expense ratio, reflecting improvement in the GOE ratio. In International Commercial, net premiums written grew 3% year-over-year. Commercial property grew 6% as did Global Specialty, where international specialty grew 10% driven by Energy. Our Talbot business at Lloyd's also grew 6%, driven by 18% growth in the specialty lines, specifically political risk, energy and marine. International retention remained strong at 89%, which was very balanced across the portfolio, led by energy and property, both at 92% and casualty at 91%. International also had very good new business of over $500 million, led by global specialty with 25% new business growth in marine and 40% new business growth in Talbot year-over-year. The International Commercial accident year combined ratio as adjusted was 83.4%, another excellent result. The calendar year combined ratio was 84.3%. Given that the third quarter is usually the most active quarter for natural catastrophes, I want to provide some thoughts on the activity year-to-date and how the evolution of our underwriting and reinsurance strategy has significantly enhanced AIG's performance over time, even in light of this historical increased activity. For the first nine months of the year, preliminary industry estimates of insured losses from natural catastrophes are in excess of $100 billion, which appears to be the new normal. When considering the impact of Hurricane Milton on the industry and the remainder of the fourth quarter, Aon recently published a report that estimated that the 2024 total insured losses for the industry from natural catastrophes will likely exceed $125 billion. When analyzing large single catastrophes, the complexity of determining the initial and ultimate loss is complicated. Modeling firms produce industry loss estimates post event and there are many factors that go into estimating the ultimate losses. It is important to note that no two catastrophes are the same. Property claim services or PCS is a widely used source for independent property loss estimates in the United States. The loss figures that they provide are derived from claims activity and other factors at the time of loss rather than a judgment of the ultimate size of the loss. As a result, the actual scale of total loss is often subject to misinterpretation. Historically, if you look back at major events including Katrina, Superstorm Sandy and Ian, the final report of PCS figures were substantially higher than their original estimates, illustrating the uncertainty around determining ultimates or best estimates for catastrophe losses. At AIG, we've mitigated the impact that weather events have had on our business as reflected in our improved financial performance even as the world has seen more CAT activity. Over the last five years, our losses have dropped dramatically, both in nominal terms and also in terms of the overall market share of the losses. This is a testament to the work we've undertaken to change and evolve our underwriting strategy, reduce volatility and increase the quality of our earnings. If we use 2012 as a reference point, which was a year with meaningful activity, the total insured catastrophe losses on a nominal basis were $65 billion for the industry. That is roughly equivalent to the 20-year average and serves as a useful benchmark. Since 2012, expectations for annual industry catastrophe losses have grown substantially. The average annual industry loss from natural catastrophes from 2017 through 2023 has increased approximately 90% when compared to the average from 2000 to 2016. Since 2017, seven of the last eight years, including the 2024 forecast have had over $100 billion of annual insured losses. It's important to note, against this heightened level of natural catastrophe losses, based on published reports, we estimate approximately 50% of the insured natural catastrophe losses were absorbed in the reinsurance market from 2017 to 2022. However, following the major market reset in 2023, approximately 90% of the losses were retained by the primary insurance companies. And this is a significant change. As I have discussed several times, the work we've done to change AIG's approach to underwriting and reinsurance has resulted in dramatic improvements in our financial performance and balance sheet. Let me give you some specific points to contextualize the magnitude of this impact. Based on AIG's legacy underwriting strategy and reinsurance choices in 2012, AIG posted an initial pre-tax loss of $2 billion from Superstorm Sandy, which represented almost 7% of the estimated $30 billion market loss for that single event. And for the full year 2012, AIG recognized approximately $2.7 billion of losses or approximately 4% of the market losses. Today, AIG is forecasted to be within our catastrophe loss expectations for the full-year or more importantly, less than 1% market share of the forecasted total industry loss for 2024 of over $125 billion. Additionally, it's worth noting that our property portfolio net premiums written are approximately the same amount in 2024 as they were in 2012. However, today, we have 80% lower CAT losses and volatility. And importantly, our year-to-date 2024 commercial property combined ratio is in the low 80s compared to a combined ratio of nearly 120% in 2012. We've completely transformed our business over the past five years, and this is the new AIG. AIG's strategy to manage volatility through our gross underwriting actions and our approach to reinsurance, including our decision to maintain the lowest net retention amongst our Global competitors, has delivered significant benefits for the company and positions us well for the future in an environment with significantly elevated insured loss activity and modeling uncertainty. Let me take a minute to comment on high level expectations for the upcoming January 1 renewal season for property. The significant reset in the property CAT reinsurance market in 2023 means that reinsurers generally have higher attachment points, provide name perils and have significant retro protection and therefore are likely to make an underwriting profit on their global catastrophe portfolios in 2024, given the current loss levels and the benefit of reinstatement premiums. With this expectation of underwriting profit, the overall reinsurance market should remain healthy. Despite the strong capital position of the market, generally speaking, I would expect the market to remain disciplined at January 1, not reducing attachment points and focusing on deploying capital to the insurance companies with higher quality portfolios like AIG. Given that this has become the industry norm, as I mentioned earlier, industry losses from increased frequency and severity will continue to be realized by primary insurers and will not be solved by the reinsurance market in 2025. Let me move on to provide an update on AIG Next, which we launched in early 2024 to further position AIG for the future. Over the past several years, we've been on a journey to simplify the company by weaving the organization together to operate seamlessly across underwriting, actuarial, claims and all of our functional areas with the necessary skills and capabilities to effectively differentiate AIG for the future. In 2025, we expect to fully realize the $500 million in savings from AIG Next. These savings will impact multiple areas across other operations and General Insurance. As part of the AIG Next program, we've established a new definition of parent expense to exclusively reflect costs related to being a global regulated public company and expect those costs to be around $350 million going forward. In the future, costs currently attributed to other operations will either be eliminated or included within the General Insurance results. You can see the impact of this effort already flowing through our income statement as other operations expenses are down nearly $30 million year-over-year or $40 million sequentially. This reduction reflects the expense benefits from AIG Next and the transfer of a portion of these costs to General Insurance GOE. The ability of the businesses to absorb these additional costs with minimal impact to the expense ratio is due in large part to our significant focus on managing expenses. AIG Next has also enabled us to invest in core capabilities and the implementation of strategic innovation initiatives, notably in underwriting, claims and our data, digital and AI strategy. Let me provide you with more detail. Many companies are discussing their data, digital and AI strategies, but what is actually being done varies greatly from company to company. At AIG, we're utilizing GenAI in large language models as digital accelerators and applications that support the innovation journey, but they are not the innovation alone. This is what makes our recently announced collaborative space in Atlanta so unique. It will be the first location in our global footprint where an end-to-end underwriting process will exist from distribution, sales to data insights, underwriting, claims payments and client servicing. This location will allow us to innovate and evolve the end-to-end process, further develop our Agentic GenAI ecosystem, drive role clarity and digitize and modernize our processes. GenAI can produce meaningful gains from reducing manual inputs and driving process efficiencies. However, our GenAI ecosystem is doing much more than that. It integrates proprietary data from multiple sources with data ingestion capabilities to give us better data quality in a fraction of the time. In our early pilots, we've seen data collection and accuracy rates within our underwriting processes improve from levels near 75% to upwards of 90%, while reducing processing time significantly. We're also using our GenAI ecosystem to increase our submission response rate while enabling our underwriters to prioritize the highest value business within our risk appetite. These improvements will help drive growth and operating leverage as we deliver GenAI to our businesses at scale. It will allow our underwriters to spend more time quoting and winning business and less time manually collecting data. Our culture at AIG is one that is deeply rooted in underwriting expertise and excellence. We help clients solve complex risk issues that require judgment and a nuanced understanding of clients' needs, maintaining the underwriter at the center of decision making will continue to be paramount and a key differentiator for us. Our AI initiatives are designed to do just that, deliver better outcomes and drive operating leverage while keeping highly experienced underwriters at the core of the process. I'm now going to turn to capital management, where we continue to execute our balanced disciplined strategy. Our objectives are to preserve strong insurance company capital levels to support organic and potentially inorganic growth, maintain conservative debt leverage ratios, return excess capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends and maintain parent liquidity. We made substantial progress over the last several years to improve the financial strength of AIG. General Insurance is well positioned for sustained profitable growth. This has been a multi-year process that's centered on executing on our underwriting strategy, while increasing profitability and reducing volatility in our portfolio through a better mix of business along with the strategic use of reinsurance. An important result of our improved profitability is our ability to receive ordinary dividends from our operating subsidiaries, which provides consistent and increasing liquidity to the parent company. Year-to-date, we received ordinary dividends or their equivalents of approximately $3 billion from our businesses. Our financial strength is also evidenced by the lower levels of debt on our balance sheet, historically, AIG had one of the highest debt-to-total capital leverage ratios in the industry at over 30%. In 2024, we have reduced debt levels by $1 billion, bringing our debt-to-total capital leverage ratio to 17.9%, including AOCI, amongst the lowest in our peer group, an achievement that requires significant discipline. Through the first nine months of 2024, we returned over $5.5 billion to shareholders through $4.8 billion of common stock repurchases and $765 million of dividends. As we've stated previously, we will continue to execute on our $10 billion share repurchase authorization over the course of 2024 and 2025, subject to market conditions and timing of the closing of pending transactions. The current authorization will bring us within our target share count range of 550 million to 600 million shares. Importantly, our anticipated parent liquidity provides the flexibility to support additional share repurchases, which we will review in 2025. Earlier this year, we increased the cash dividend to shareholders on AIG common stock by 11%. We will continue to review our dividend annually, considering additional increases as appropriate, supported by our increased earnings power. This will be an important focus for us in 2025 and beyond. We ended the third quarter with parent liquidity of $4.2 billion. With the combination of our disciplined capital management, sustained continued underwriting performance and focus on expense management, we expect to deliver a 10% core operating ROE for the full-year 2025. We recognize that with core operating equity of $34.5 billion at the end of the third quarter, parent liquidity, our capital in the insurance company subsidiaries and future proceeds from corporate sell-downs, we have excess capital for the size of the business we are today. We will proactively manage our capital over time to support growth in our business and we will maintain a capital management strategy centered on balance and patience while remaining nimble to execute, should attractive opportunities arise. In summary, I'm very pleased with our outstanding third quarter performance, as we approach year end and plan for 2025, our path forward is clear. We will continue to solidify AIG's position as a global market leader and remain focused on value creation for our customers and shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sabra.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Peter. This morning, I will provide details on third quarter results for General Insurance, net investment income, other operations and capital. Turning to General Insurance. Adjusted pre-tax income or APTI was $1.2 billion. Underwriting income was $437 million, including $411 million of catastrophe losses. Hurricanes Beryl and Helene were the two largest losses in the quarter. Hurricane Milton made landfall on October 9 and therefore, its financial impact will be recognized in the fourth quarter. Peter commented on the complexity of determining ultimates for natural catastrophes. And at this point, we have a very wide range of estimates for modeling firms. Claims activity to date for Milton has been relatively light compared to storms of similar strength and intensity. Our current preliminary loss estimate for Milton is between $175 million and $275 million. The third quarter 2024 accident year combined ratio as adjusted was 88.3%, about 140 basis points higher than last year, principally due to changes in premium mix and reinsurance structure and favorable actual versus expected experience in the third quarter of 2023. We also had one large closeout transaction, which Peter mentioned that increased the consolidated loss ratio by about 40 basis points. Year-to-date, the accident year combined ratio is 88.1%, down 60 basis points from 2023. The accident year loss ratio was 56.4% for the quarter, including the impact of the closeout transaction and 56.4% year-to-date, flat with the first nine months of 2023. We expect the fourth quarter accident year loss ratio as adjusted, will be in line with the first nine months of this year. Turning to prior year development. This quarter, we had $153 million of favorable prior year development, including $34 million from the ADC amortization. During the quarter, we completed detailed valuation reviews or DVRs on almost $22 billion or 47% of our total loss reserves. We reviewed most of the reserves for international in addition to North America property and financial lines. Overall, we had favorable prior year development on short tail lines in global specialty and global commercial property and a modest amount in North America financial lines. This was partially offset by $181 million of adverse development in U.K. and Europe casualty and financial lines on about $8 billion of reserves. This reflects refinements in loss estimates due to recent claims emergence and settlement activity on specific exposures in accident years 2019 and prior, consistent with our reserving philosophy of addressing bad news quickly. In addition, we increased U.S. excess casualty reserves by $72 million due to a large settlement of a legacy mass tort claim also related to accident years 2019 and prior with most of the gross loss and accident years that were ceded to the ADC. We remain very comfortable with the adequacy of our loss reserves, having completed DVRs covering more than 90% of reserves year-to-date and considering the results of our monthly actual versus expected process and other claims diagnostics. While North America Financial Lines had a slight amount of favorable development from accident years 2021 and prior, we did not adjust loss reserves for more recent accident years, which have continued to show favorable indications relative to our books loss assumptions, consistent with our reserving philosophy of giving favorable experience time to mature. Turning to pricing and loss trends. Third quarter experience in Global Commercial Lines was consistent with second quarter 2024 trends. Excluding financial lines and workers' compensation, AIG's Global Commercial pricing, which includes rate and exposure increased 6%, largely in line with loss cost trends. In North America Commercial, which is about half of our global commercial book, pricing excluding financial lines and workers' compensation was up 7% with rate up more than 5%. North America casualty rate increases were strong with Lexington averaging 16% and retail casualty averaging 13%. These are well above our casualty loss cost trends, which as we've previously disclosed are at 10% or higher depending on the line, risk and attachment point. Property rates in North America Retail and Lexington were consistent with second quarter and the underwriting margin remained strong, supported by cumulative rate increases over the past several years and our disciplined underwriting approach, particularly to CAT exposed property. Pricing in International commercial, excluding financial lines was up 4%, in line with loss trend and underwriting profitability remains very strong. International property continued to achieve overall pricing in excess of loss trend. Our global footprint and diverse portfolio enable us to remain agile, focusing on lines of business with attractive risk adjusted returns while maintaining underwriting discipline. We are confident that the overall strength of our portfolio positions us to deliver sustainable underwriting profitability. Turning to investments. Our investment portfolio is of high credit quality, well diversified by asset class and match to our liability duration. The increase in interest rates since 2021 has driven higher portfolio yields even as credit spreads have tightened. Third quarter 2024 net investment income on an APTI basis was $897 million, up 19% from the third quarter of 2023, driven by increased reinvestment rates on fixed maturities, higher short-term investment income, Corebridge dividends and other operations, slightly better private equity returns and lower investment expense. Reinvestment yields on fixed maturities and loans remains above runoff yields, providing positive yield pickup in the quarter. The average new money yield on General Insurance fixed maturities and loans was 60 basis points higher than sales and maturities adjusted for one large sale in the quarter. General Insurance investment income was $773 million, including income on fixed maturities, loans and short-term investments of $718 million and alternative investment income of $43 million. Considering the current interest rate curve, we project fourth quarter General Insurance investment income on fixed maturities, loans and short-term investments to be approximately $710 million due to the impact of floating rate security resets, partially offset by higher reinvestment yields. About 11% of our fixed maturities have monthly or quarterly floating rate resets to SOFR or other short-term market indices, which began to decline in the third quarter. Alternative income is principally from traditional private equity and now includes real estate investment funds that were previously consolidated. These assets are reported on a one quarter lagged basis and based on third quarter market performance, we expect fourth quarter private equity results may be similar to the year-to-date annualized return of 3.5%. Turning to other operations. Adjusted pre-tax loss in the quarter was $143 million, a nearly 50% year-over-year improvement driven by lower GOE and interest expense and higher net investment income, which totaled $125 million in the quarter. Considering both lower short-term rates and projected parent liquidity balances before proceeds from any strategic transactions, short-term investment income could decline in the fourth quarter by about $25 million sequentially. To wrap up the quarter, the balance sheet remains very strong. Book value per share was $71.46 at quarter end, up 4% from June 30, 2024, due to the favorable impact of lower interest rates on AOCI. Book value per share increased 10% from year end 2023. Adjusted book value per share was $73.90, up 2% from June 30 due to reduced shares outstanding and was down 6% from year end 2023 due to different accounting treatment of Corebridge between the two periods. As Peter noted, our debt leverage ratios are very strong. We recently called a $400 million par zero coupon bond, which will close November 22. Core operating ROE, which measures the annualized return on AIG shareholders' equity, excluding the value of Corebridge shares and deferred tax assets, was 9.2% in the quarter and 9.3% year-to-date, reflecting strong General Insurance profitability and capital levels. To conclude, AIG delivered another excellent quarter with significant financial and operational accomplishments. We are confident in our ability to deliver sustained underwriting results and a 10% core operating ROE in 2025, and we look forward to updating you on our progress. With that, I will turn the call back over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Sabra. And Michelle, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks, and good morning. I want to start with a question about reserves, if I can. You talked about how recent accident years financial lines are emerging better than expected, but you're not booking that yet. Can you talk a little bit about what's happening in the older accident years for, I guess financial lines or casualty, we saw the one-off issues, but I'm wondering more broadly, is there the same sort of theme in the older accident years that could be getting closer to acknowledgment.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Meyer. Good morning. I think Sabra provided quite a bit of detail in her prepared remarks, but Sabra, do you have anything to perhaps give a little bit of context on financial lines?
Sabra Purtill: Yes. And let me just make a few comments. I mean, obviously, we had very strong favorable development in the DVRs this quarter. Consistent with our approach, we have allowed favorable development to -- our favorable experience to mature. And this quarter, particularly on shorter tail lines, we had about $300 million of favorable development. I would just note that this quarter did not include workers' compensation that was done in the third quarter of last year and this year it was done in the second quarter and we'll do it in the second quarter for next year as well. What I would just comment on in terms of the -- I'll talk to the excess casualty first because I know that's been in some focus. The trigger for the action in North America casualty, excess casualty was for a particularly large settlement, growth of reinsurance, which was from very old accident years that were covered by the ADC. Absent this settlement, we would not have made any adjustments in that line because the DVRs for that line are done in the second quarter normally. Turning to financial lines. Let me just note that for the quarter in total, we had post-ADC, the adverse development on financial lines was about $28 million in total. That was driven by the adverse development on U.K. financial lines, which again was an older book with -- related to some specific exposures. We did actually recognize favorable development on the U.S. and international portfolios. And I would note that was for older accident years. The favorable development that we recognized is generally in older years where the experience has matured as the policy form is claims made, but we continue to hold reserves, obviously for those older accident years based on the existing claims or other activity within that book. And we will evaluate again in the third quarter of next year is when we'll do our deep dive on the Global Financial lines portfolio.
Peter Zaffino: Great. Thanks, Sabra. Meyer, is there a follow-up?
Meyer Shields: Yes, just a quick one. Peter, you talked a lot about your expectations for a property reinsurance in 2025. And I was hoping for an update on your thought of the appropriate reinsurance program, property reinsurance program for AIG, whether you're thinking of other -- of changing your net exposure?
Peter Zaffino: I covered a lot in my prepared remarks. Again, I think the industry has become experts on reinsurance pricing. And I expect that the market will be orderly, but I don't expect attachment points are going to come down for the industry. What I was trying to outline in my comments was that most of it is retained by insurance companies today. And so therefore, how we're going to price business going forward, how we're going to understand the frequency of CAT is going to be really important to do as an insurance company and not rely on reinsurance. I don't think we're going to have a material change in our structures. Of course, we have low attachment points. It's very complex and I won't spend a lot of time on it. But we certainly have the balance sheet. We certainly have the risk appetite to take a little bit more net in the event that we want to, but we like having low attachment points on severity and we like having our aggregate that protects us from frequency. And so we manage our net according to our risk appetite. It's within expectations and I would expect us to continue the same strategic philosophy.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thank you. Peter, I think we're hearing a little bit from other companies about some improvement in your casualty, particularly E&S, casualty lines and maybe properties' moderating. Wonder if you could give us some color on your view of market conditions and kind of organic growth opportunities here in the fourth quarter and heading into 2025.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Brian. And I'm going to make a comment. I'm going to have Don talk specifically about Lexington. But you're absolutely right. We see opportunities. Our clients, we have such strong retention and they're looking for us to solve risk issues. New business opportunities are very good. The rating environment is very good. So we're cautious, but we think there's opportunities to grow. In the retail casualty space, in multiple segments that we have as well as in E&S, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that our casualty submissions in E&S have been dramatic and we see great growth opportunities there. But Don, maybe you could expand a little bit on the Lexington.
Don Bailey: Great. And if I could, Peter, just maybe a couple of high-level comments on North America overall and then dig deeper into the Lex growth because they are kind of balanced. So the double-digit growth in North America is balanced growth. We're growing the lines where we see attractive opportunities. And to the point of your question, we're growing in all three channels where we operate, retail, wholesale, alternative. Peter covered some of the North American growth drivers, positive rate of 3% across the portfolio, strong retention of 87%, 90% in the admitted lines and then overall strong new business growth of 22%. On Lexington, we do continue to invest in Lex across all lines. So you'll see Lex continue to show up with more resources, more products, enhanced capabilities going forward. On the third quarter performance, as Peter mentioned, 78% per retention, which is really strong, a 24% increase in new business. And to the point of your question, casualty showed up very well in the E&S space in terms of new business for the quarter. We also saw a 35% increase in submission. So the submission activity continues to be very robust in the E&S space for us. It's generated probably by two things. One is just increasing demand for E&S solutions in general and a flight to quality within E&S. For me personally, when I think about the nature of a wholesale broker today versus when I started in this industry, it's a completely different game. The brokers in the wholesale space operate at a different level today, incredibly well resourced, data driven, effectively deployed technology to drive efficiency, which is critical in wholesale. They're also increasingly being embraced by thousands of independent agents for market access and placement capabilities. So Lex will continue to benefit from that trend in terms of the growth of our book and new business. And Peter, just a couple of data points to close out on E&S, which might be helpful. Today, E&S represents 12% of the $115 billion U.S. P&C industry. In 2018, E&S was 7% of a $50 billion industry. So the pie has gotten considerably larger. And the last data point I'd give you just on distribution. The top five wholesale brokers control over 65% of the growing $115 billion U.S. E&S market. Lex is very well positioned in E&S and very well positioned with these top brokers.
Peter Zaffino: Great. Thanks, Don. Brian, do you have a follow-up?
Brian Meredith: Yes, absolutely. A bigger picture question here, Peter. So I think you said that you're expecting a 10% core ROE for 2025. If I look at peer companies, they're kind of trending in the mid to even higher-teens. Yes, what's your kind of longer-term view of kind of ROE aspirations you think you can get to peer ROEs and what do you think it's going to take to get there? Is it more margin improvement, you need to kind of grow acquisitions? Just curious bigger picture, your thoughts there.
Peter Zaffino: Yes, thanks, Brian. I mean, obviously, we've been talking a lot about the 10% and gave guidance in my prepared remarks about getting to that in 2025. There's a variety of ways in which we can get there. We talked about our combined ratio and the opportunities to improve that. We have such a great underwriting culture and believe that there's lots of opportunities, of course, is market dependent, but our leadership position in the market allows us to remain disciplined and focused on clients. There's -- the other variables, I mean, certainly it's our equity base. We talked about that a little bit and that we believe we can grow into it and that's of course going to generate more earnings opportunity, our net investment income, net premiums written both from a peer growth in terms of strong retention, more new business, but also reinsurance structures, how we look at proportional versus excess of loss and there's ways in which we could have some tailwinds there. Quality of our reserves, which we continue to emphasize, Sabra gave a lot of detail in her prepared remarks and on the answer just now. So we have a lot of confidence there. Capital management actions. We have lots of flexibility subject to when we close Nippon and do other capital market transactions, but there's lots of ways in which from a capital management standpoint allow us to improve. Our ability and track record to successfully manage volatility is very important. And then the last one is our expense management is very disciplined. We are executing on AIG Next. That showed itself in the third quarter. We're not looking to hit the ball out of the park every quarter leading in 2025. We pulled guidance forward that we will be able to get other operations, which was substantially higher to a $350 million lean parent, but also get the expenses either eliminated or into the business without increasing the combined ratio. We're well underway. You can see evidence of that in the third quarter. You'll see more evidence of that in the fourth quarter. So there's a bunch of ways in which I think that we can deliver it. And once we get north of the 10%, we'll provide guidance after that. But thank you.
Brian Meredith: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rob Cox: Hi, thanks. So I think you guys had previously noted M&A potentially becoming a more meaningful consideration for capital deployment, but you also mentioned revisiting share repurchase guidance as you expect some further liquidity coming in next year. Can you give us an update on your appetite for M&A and how that might help you reach premium leverage objectives quicker than organically?
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Rob. Thanks. I'll start with the second part. The guidance we gave was that we would do $10 billion of share repurchases in '24 and '25. And so like you can see through the third quarter, we are well underway executing every quarter. We'll have more liquidity coming in. And so that's the priority with the proceeds coming in from Nippon and as I said, other marketed deals and liquidity that we currently have at the parent company. In terms of M&A, we have given ourselves lots of options. We have the financial strength, the financial flexibility to explore inorganic opportunities. We're always looking at ways in which we can add strategic relevance and something that's compelling to AIG. We already have sizable very high-quality businesses in major markets. I mean, you know about the U.S., U.K., Japan, Singapore, Europe. We believe we can grow those businesses organically, but there may be more opportunities to expand inorganically as well. We're going to remain very disciplined, but we are going to look at businesses and opportunities in inorganic that may complement our geographical footprint or product capabilities. There's opportunities maybe to go into spaces that we're not in today, maybe some of the SME or looking at ones that enhance scale of businesses that we already have market leadership that just will accelerate our ability to execute our risk-adjusted returns. So I want to remain very disciplined, very patient, but we have the financial flexibility and the strategic intent of growing.
Rob Cox: Okay, great. Thank you. And as a follow-up, on GOE and General Insurance, it didn't necessarily appear like it decreased as much as the run rate in the first half of the year. So I was just hoping you could discuss kind of the puts and takes in the General Insurance GOE ratio and if this level of improvement is sort of in line with expectations.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. I was actually quite pleased with the third quarter in GOE because we looked at other operations and the significant improvement that we made there on the GOE line year-over-year and then sequentially, but also we are absorbing a lot of the expenses as they get pushed into the business. And so while the personal insurance year-over-year, the nominal was down and then on commercial, it was slightly up. When you look at putting $50 million more of cost in, the run rate is actually quite attractive. And so we have two major initiatives that have begun to earn in the third quarter, but you'll start to see a lot more of that in the fourth quarter. And as we get to 2025, one was our voluntary early retirement plan that we had announced in the United States. And then we did a restructuring international that just really happened in September. And so you'll start to see more run rate as we get into the fourth quarter and next year. But I'm really pleased with what we did in the third quarter and believe we are showing a lot of sequential improvement in executing to this future state operating model that's going to be much leaner, much simpler and much easier to follow.
Rob Cox: Awesome. Thanks for the color.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Barclays. Your line is open.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. I got a follow-up on just sort of the leverage. And I guess thinking through both leverage down at the operating companies as well as financial leverage. But when I look at the ROE, that seems to be the place where you're under index versus some of the peers, not so much like the actual combined ratio and so forth. So I was interested in, I guess on the debt leverage side, are we at a place where leverage can actually begin to come up as you see opportunities, particularly if you do engage in M&A? And then on the core operations, I mean can you frame at all like how much dry powder you see in terms of being able to lean into some of these opportunities if they get better at casualty?
Peter Zaffino: So thanks, Alex, for the question on leverage, yes, we have a lot of -- I think it goes into what I said about potential M&A where we've given ourselves a lot of financial flexibility if we find something compelling and attractive. I think the high teens of a leverage to total capital, including AOCI, we're very comfortable with, but absolutely what you were asking is a truth, which is if we find opportunities, can we increase our leverage to be able to execute on that? The answer is yes, we can. And we're going to be very mindful. Obviously, the primary use for proceeds from the Corebridge sell-down will go to share repurchase, but we could continue to work on leverage a little bit to give us even more financial flexibility over time. In terms -- I just want to make sure I understand the second part which is having -- we have a lot of capital. I don't think it's a moment in time and to quantify what we think is excess today, I don't think is something that is overly constructive just because we intend to grow into that. We have shown real opportunities in our business to acquire new business. We had a terrific new business quarter. That momentum continues. And I think look at them, property was probably the one that was sort of slowing down in terms of pricing, but Milton and Helene have changed a lot. And I think that there'll be more flight to quality and there'll be more flexibility for AIG in terms of our ability to drive property growth and on a risk-adjusted basis throughout the world. And so like I think the balanced portfolio opportunities to grow, being able to take more net and being able to hit that 10% ROE is our near-term objective.
Alex Scott: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe a quick follow-up on personal lines in North America. Can you just give us an update on sort of where we stand with that MGA structure that was put in place and over what period of time you'd expect that combined ratio to come down below 100%?
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thank you for the question. I mean, North America personal is in transition as we as we've spoke about. It's hard in the primary high net worth business to affect change fast, but we're making great progress. In the quarter alone, the attritional loss ratio has improved on a meaningful basis, GOEs down. What you're seeing is the acquisition ratio increased quite a bit as we transition to the MGU. Now there's a few things happening that will reverse that in 2025. One is we're at scale, everything is fully put into the MGU and we expect the ceding commission that we paid to go down, I think in a meaningful way. And so the acquisition expense ratio will improve accordingly. I want to talk a little bit about like the strategy that we talked about, which is going into more non-admitted and how that's going to accelerate progress. And we announced it last quarter, but just a couple of statistics that will frame why it's early days, but it's working. The rate environment that we're in on an emitted basis in high net worth, we increased 10% in E&S. It went up 20% on our held book. Our partnership with Ryan Specialty, they're building infrastructure, building sales capacity. We're appointing a lot of retail agents that had no access to AIG or capital for high net worth before our signing up. We expect that to accelerate and continue to grow. In the third quarter, our new business, 50% of it was E&S. Again, we had good growth. I mean, the nominal is not going to move the needle, but we have momentum there. And I would expect in 2025, E&S alone in our strategy will grow the top line 10%. The demand is going to be significant. Our ability to be able to respond to that demand is there with plenty of capacity and an appetite that is going to allow us to improve the risk-adjusted returns and the overall combined ratio.
Alex Scott: Thank you.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question was just on the North America commercial. If I adjust out the one-off -- the one-off in the quarter, right, the -- it came in at 61.1% on an ex-CAT accident year loss ratio basis. You guys are at 61.9% in the first half of the year. So I was just hoping to get more colors on what drove the improvement in the quarter and if that's sustainable into the fourth quarter and 2025.
Peter Zaffino: This is not going to be like the 91.6% question, is it Elyse? Don, do you want to just give a little bit of insight in terms of what's happening with the loss ratio?
Don Bailey: So in the North American portfolio this year, we've seen some different movements, Peter. And in some of it, if you look at, we have some one-off movements that certainly moved the loss ratio on this one, which you talked about in your prepared remarks. We talked a little bit about the one-time closeout deal that we did that moved it up. So adverse implications.
Peter Zaffino: I think, look, and in the commentary, Elyse, we sort of backed out the two -- they weren't headwinds, they were just anomalies relative to what the prior year was. And then the mix of business will continue to change. We see real opportunities to grow in -- in casualty and so those may have a different loss ratio relative to the overall portfolio. We think there's going to be growth opportunities in property based on the market dynamics that are shifting in 2025 and we see that the headwinds on pricing in financial lines are slowing down. We are not going to continue to ride that way down. And on lead, first excess and leading in D&O, I think Don highlighted this is that we've seen a slowdown in the rate reductions. And as we look into 2025, that's all going to stabilize. So I think that mix, if you take out the two things we talked about, which was significant outperformance in property and short tail last year in the third quarter along with the closeout that looks like a loss ratio that's sustainable.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's all. Yes, that's my follow-up, I guess, would be, Peter, just building upon that comment as you view the market conditions out over the next year, how do you expect the mix to shift between property and casualty relative to where it is today?
Peter Zaffino: It's hard to tell because I -- as I mentioned before, I think the property slowdown in terms of rate increases should start to reverse as you get to next year because there's so much net that's been retained by insurance companies that they're not getting the appropriate risk-adjusted returns for the cat loss at the low return periods and the increased frequency and severity. So I think that's going to reverse. Casualty is very strong, and Don went into length on excess and surplus lines. And then also you know we're seeing slowdown in financial lines. And so I think that the overall index, I think is going to sustain, but we'll see when we get into the market and see what happens within particular property, but I'm optimistic, that's why I put some time into it in the prepared remarks that we see a rate environment that's going to improve. I don't know, Jon, maybe like we -- just before the call ends, you can give a little bit of perspective in terms of where you see opportunities as we look to 2025 and international.
Jon Hancock: Yes. Thanks, Peter. And I'll try not to repeat everything you've said, but you're right, the dynamic between the first-party lines and the third-party lines is there across international as well. And we've seen first-party lines, we're still seeing good rate and price on property classes. But for me, bit like Don with Lex, we've got these jaws in Global Specialty and Talbot. Global specialty, we are the number one writer of business around the world. We're number one in energy, we're number one in marine. We're top three in aviation. We're number four in credit. And we're growing that business really well. You referenced in your prepared remarks, Peter, 6% growth in the quarter, but actually huge growth in energy, 25% new business growth in marine in the quarter. We're seeing a different dynamic at the moment where we've grown our international specialty book by 10% in the quarter. Yes, Talbot, again, another 6% growth, but the specialty lines at Talbot, the products at Talbot is really renowned for political risks. Marine and energy growing by 18%. If you look at -- add that to the fact that submissions are 25%, up in both Talbot and specialty, our quote rates are higher, our bind rates are higher. And we've got huge opportunity there and we're the best of the market at it. So we'll still keep seeing the opportunity.
Peter Zaffino: That's great, Jon. Thank you very much and I agree. Before I finally close, I do want to take a moment to thank Sabra for her many contributions at AIG. Over the past five years, Sabra has always been willing to take on a variety of important complex roles and in each instance, she's always done everything she can to add significant value. So thank you, Sabra, including the most recent role as CFO. We wish her nothing but the best in her future endeavors as we welcome Keith Walsh as our new CFO. I also like to thank all of our colleagues around the world for their continued dedication, commitment and teamwork and execution and I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. Now, at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead.
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, and good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events, and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change. Today's remarks may also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at aig.com. Additionally, note that following the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial on June 9, 2024, the historical results of Corebridge for all periods presented, are reflected in AIG's condensed consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Finally, today's remarks related to General Insurance results, including key metrics such as net premiums written, underwriting income and underwriting margin are presented on a comparable basis, which reflects year-over-year comparison on a constant dollar basis as applicable, and adjusted for the sale of Crop Risk Services and the sale of Validus Re. We believe this presentation provides the most useful view of General Insurance results and the go forward business in light of the substantial changes to the portfolio since 2023. Please refer to Pages 29 through 31 of the earnings presentation for reconciliations of such metrics reported on a comparable basis. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino.
Peter Zaffino: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to review our second quarter 2024 financial results. We have transformed AIG and have done the foundational work for the next chapter, and I'm excited to take you through it today. Following my remarks, Sabra will provide more detail on the second quarter. Then, our North America and International leaders, Don Bailey and Jon Hancock will join us for the Q&A portion of the call. Our prepared remarks have a lot of detail, particularly related to our deconsolidation of Corebridge. We intend to provide ample time for Q&A. I want to start with highlights of our outstanding second quarter performance. As Quentin mentioned at the beginning of the call, all figures I will reference today will be on a comparable basis, excluding the impact of Validus Re and Crop Risk Services unless otherwise noted in order to provide a clear view of our underlying performance. Adjusted after tax income was $775 million, or $1.16 per diluted share, representing a 38% increase in earnings per share year-over-year, driven by strong organic growth, a continuation of our very strong underwriting performance, ongoing expense discipline, volatility containment and a decrease in shares outstanding. General Insurance net premiums written grew 7%, led by Global Commercial, which grew over 8%. Underwriting income was $430 million. The underlying underwriting income, excluding catastrophes in prior year development improved $110 million or 17% year-over-year. The calendar year combined ratio was 92.5%, a slight increase of 10 basis points from the prior year. The accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes was 87.6%, a 170 basis point improvement from the prior year. The CAT loss ratio was 5.7%, or $325 million of total catastrophe related losses. Consolidated net investment income on an adjusted pre-tax income basis was $884 million, a 14% increase year-over-year. During the quarter, we returned nearly $2 billion to shareholders through $1.7 billion of stock repurchases, and $261 million of dividends. We ended the second quarter with a total debt to total capital ratio of 18%, including AOCI and we have strong parent liquidity of $5.3 billion. Overall, I'm very pleased with our ability to continue to deliver outstanding financial performance and I'm equally pleased with the progress we're making on multiple strategic initiatives. There's several things I want to cover on this call to give you a sense of where we are now, how we got here, and what the future holds. In addition to walking through our financial results, on today's call, I plan to outline the recently announced transactions for our personal travel business and private client select, provide a quick update on [Technical Difficulty] reinsurance renewals and a market update, discuss our disciplined execution of our capital management strategy and provide an update on AIG Next. I should note that our strong financial results in the quarter were complicated by the complex accounting treatment of deconsolidation. In Sabra's prepared remarks, she will explain the impact to our capital structure, including shareholders' equity, as well as details on the GAAP accounting implications to our financial statements. Before I go further, I want to take a moment to comment on the deconsolidation of Corebridge, which marked a major milestone for both AIG and Corebridge. It's important to reflect on the four year journey, the significant accomplishments along the way and the rationale behind this pivotal decision for AIG. At the height of the pandemic in 2020, we undertook a detailed analysis to explore strategic options to maximize value for AIG shareholders, including evaluating whether to separate our life and retirement business, which would eventually become Corebridge from AIG. In October of 2020, we announced our intention to separate. There were many noteworthy accomplishments along the way, and I'd like to highlight a few. In July of 2021, AIG announced that Blackstone Group would become an anchor investor in the new standalone company with its acquisition of 9.9% of Corebridge. Corebridge also entered into a long-term strategic asset management relationship with Blackstone to manage up to $92.5 billion of assets under management over the subsequent six years. At the end of March of 2022, AIG announced a strategic partnership with BlackRock, where they would manage $150 billion of certain fixed income and privately placed assets, of which $90 billion would come from the Corebridge portfolio. In mid-September of 2022, AIG floated at 12.4% of Corebridge and the largest U.S. IPO of the year, a particularly noteworthy achievement during a time of significant market volatility. During 2023, we executed three marketed deals, reducing our overall ownership to 52% by year end. In 2023, Corebridge divested with considerable strategic and transactional support from AIG, Laya Healthcare and UK Life. These sales generated over $1.2 billion of proceeds for Corebridge investors. In May of 2024, AIG announced it would sell 122 million shares at Corebridge, representing an approximately 20% stake in the company to Nippon Life Insurance Company, one of the most respected life insurance companies in the world, subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions. Lastly, in mid-June of this year, AIG announced it had met the requirements for the deconsolidation of Corebridge for accounting purposes. We remain committed to fully selling down a remaining ownership stake in Corebridge over time, subject to market conditions and other considerations. It's been quite a journey and we have accomplished a tremendous amount. Now let's turn to the travel business. During the quarter, we also announced the sale of our global individual personal travel insurance and assistance business, which is another important strategic step in positioning AIG for the future to further simplify our portfolio. The transaction includes the global Travel Guard insurance business as well as its service companies and infrastructure and excludes our travel insurance businesses in Japan and our AIG joint venture arrangement in India with the Tata Group. AIG will continue to provide corporate group travel coverage through our accident and health business. The annual net premiums written for travel are approximately $750 million, most of which are reported under North America Personal Insurance. The sale is expected to close by the end of 2024, subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions. And last week, we announced another significant transaction involving our high net worth business. As we've discussed in prior quarters, over the course of several years, we've been deliberately transforming our high net worth business to be better positioned for the future. We've done this through a series of strategic actions, including the most recent announcement about entering into a strategic relationship with Ryan Specialty to become our excess and surplus lines distribution partner for high and ultra-high net worth markets through our managing general underwriter, Private Client Select insurance services. We like the business and we're committed to it. We've invested over $100 million in infrastructure and digital capabilities for our high net worth business over the past several years, and we believe the business is well-positioned for the future. We're also committed to delivering solutions and growing our admitted capabilities. As we previously communicated, our plan for the portfolio has been to establish an MGU (ph) with appropriate infrastructure and core foundational capabilities, enable multiple points of distribution and eventually attract more capital resources for the MGU, all while continuing to drive exceptional value for our high net worth clients as we grow the business. AIG will provide exclusive E&S paper in all 50 states through Marbleshore Specialty Insurance Company subject to regulatory approvals. This progress reflects the momentum we've created with expanded capabilities and broader partnerships. Now turning to General Insurance results. Gross premiums written for the quarter were $9.9 billion, an increase of 7% from the prior year. Net premiums written for the quarter were $6.9 billion, a 7% increase from the prior year, with 8% growth from Global Commercial and 5% growth from Global Personal. Global Commercial had an excellent quarter with strong net premiums written growth of 8%, driven by significant new business, impressive retention and continued accident year combined ratio improvement. In North America Commercial, net premiums written grew 10%. Lexington grew 16%, led by wholesale casualty, which grew 35%; Western World, which grew 20%; and wholesale property, which grew 12%. Retail casualty grew 11%, with 21% growth in our risk management business and we had 16% growth in excess casualty, and Captive Solutions grew 30%, driven by new business. In International Commercial, net premiums written grew 6%. Global Specialty grew 8%, led by 18% growth in energy, Talbot grew 12% and retail property grew 11%. In the second quarter, Global Commercial produced record new business of nearly $1.3 billion, which is an 18% increase from the prior year quarter. North America Commercial produced new business of $753 million in the quarter, an increase of 26% year-over-year and an increase of over 60% from the prior quarter. The growth was led by Lexington, which had 31% new business growth year-over-year and 75% new business growth from the first quarter, the highest new business volume of any quarter in my tenure. Lexington also achieved a significant milestone with over $1 billion of gross premiums written this quarter, a 16% increase from the prior year quarter. This is the highest gross premiums written quarter for Lexington since we repositioned the business in 2018. In other businesses, retail casualty new business grew over 40%, led by our risk management business and excess casualty. International Commercial produced new business of $522 million for the quarter, an increase of 9% year-over-year. This growth was led by Global Specialty, which had 17% new business growth, led by energy and marine. Casualty, which had over 30% growth, and property, which had over 10% growth. In addition, Global Commercial had very strong renewal retention. International retention was 89% and North America retention was 87%. Moving on to Global Personal Insurance. Net premiums written grew 5% year-over-year. North America Personal net premiums written increased 8% from the prior year quarter, primarily driven by the high net worth business. International Personal net premiums written increased by 4% year-over-year, driven by growth in personal auto and accident health new business. Shifting to the combined ratio, as I noted earlier, the second quarter General Insurance accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes was 87.6%, a 170 basis point improvement year-over-year, driven by 140 basis point improvement in the expense ratio. In Global Commercial, the second quarter accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes was 83.5%, a 180 basis point improvement. The North America Commercial accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes was 84.7%, a 250 basis point improvement. And the International Commercial accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes was 82.1% or a 130 basis point improvement. The Global Personal accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes was 96.8%, a 130 basis point improvement from the prior year quarter. North America personal improved its accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes to 101.8%, a 530 basis point improvement. International personal improved its accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes by 50 basis points and 94.8%, driven by improvements in the expense ratio. Now I want to shift to provide some context around mid-year reinsurance renewals and recent conditions in the reinsurance market. As we have previously discussed, we purchased the vast majority of our treaty reinsurance at January 1. However, approximately 20% of our overall core reinsurance purchasing occurs in the second quarter. We were able to execute on all of our strategic reinsurance goals this quarter, achieving risk adjusted rate decreases and lowering or maintaining retentions across all of our major purchases. The outlook for the second half of 2024, particularly with respect to natural catastrophes is uncertain. The five leading forecasters are predicting above average hurricane activity for the 2024 season. While there was a lot of positive sentiment across the industry following modest natural CAT loss activity in the first quarter, I've learned over my career to wait until the wind and typhoon seasons are over before declaring how the year will be impacted by natural disasters. It's simply too unpredictable. When reviewing capacity in the market, it's important to analyze the available capacity from the rated market and the alternative capital market. We're all well aware of what happened with rated reinsurers in 2022. On average, they moved attachment points significantly higher to higher return periods and they restricted coverage mostly to name perils. If you were to look at the complementary alternative capital market, it has approximately $110 billion of estimated capital deployed and in many ways, more stated available capital in any individual year over the prior 10 years. However, you need to review what makes up that $110 billion to appreciate the true availability for reinsurance. The CAT bond market and ILW market make up approximately 50% of the alternative capital market, the highest nominal amount of any time in history and those products are accompanied with basis risk and in some cases, meaningful basis risk. Additionally, the collateralized market is back to 2016 levels, which is somewhere between $45 billion to $50 billion of capital. The market is deploying 90% of the collateralized limit as occurrence reinsurance or occurrence retro, leaving less than 10% of the remaining collateralized reinsurance available for aggregate covers. Why do I outline this level of detail? Because we've remain very disciplined and maintained our aggregate cover at the same attachment point and AIG utilizes approximately 50% of the globally available ILS reinsurance aggregate CAT capacity. This purchase protects us from the potential frequency of CAT and allows us to prudently manage volatility. And again, based on my experience, once insurers give up lower occurrence or aggregate attachment points, you simply do not get them back. Further, analyzing industry data from over 150 companies published by AAON between 2013 and 2024, average attachment points went up on an inflation adjusted nominal basis everywhere in the world, in some cases significantly during that period. For example, in Asia, average attachment points increased over 270%, EMEA and the UK over 250%, and in the U.S. over 280%. AIG has structured its treaties to have lower attachment points with less volatility. When examining occurrence attachment points across the world from 2022 to 2024, which is another very good measurement, AIG has maintained or reduced its attaching points, making it the lowest amongst our peer group. For the balance of 2024, we have approximately $95 million remaining on our international aggregate cover, excluding Japan and $270 million on our North America aggregate cover, excluding wind and quake. This is well within our established risk appetite and believe we remain well protected against both the frequency and severity of CAT events. Reinsurance premiums are well embedded in our original pricing and our portfolio for properties performing exceptionally well. Now I will provide a high level summary of our capital management strategy and the milestones we've accomplished. We've made enormous progress executing against our capital management goals in a disciplined manner with a focus on positioning AIG for the future and driving value for our shareholders. We have deployed over $30 billion in cash towards that capital management strategy over the last three years, which has provided AIG with maximum flexibility. To provide context on the magnitude of what we accomplished, there are some key highlights. In 2021, AIG had greater than 850 million shares outstanding and approximately $25 billion of outstanding debt and preferred stock. Using current liquidity and proceeds generated from divestitures and earnings, over the past three years, we repurchased over $13.5 billion of shares, reducing our overall share count by over 200 million shares or approximately 25%. As of June 30, 2024, we have less than 650 million shares outstanding. We expect to further reduce this in the second half of 2024 and in 2025, depending on the timing of the closing of the Nippon Life transaction, subject to regulatory approvals, as well as additional future sell downs of our remaining Corebridge shares subject to market conditions. By the end of 2025, we expect our share count to be in the 550 million to 600 million target range, consistent with the guidance that I provided last quarter, representing a total of $10 billion of share repurchases over the course of 2024 and 2025, subject to market conditions. Since 2021, we paid approximately $3 billion of shareholder dividends. We increased the dividend by more than 10% in each of the last two consecutive years. Additionally, we reduced AIG's debt outstanding from $25 billion to $9.8 billion and have achieved our target debt to capital leverage ratio range of 15% to 20% with a second quarter leverage of 18% versus 27% three years ago. Our insurance company subsidiaries are in a very strong capital position with capital ratios above target ranges, which will enable us to continue to grow profitably without having to contribute additional capital. We ended the second quarter with $5.3 billion of parent liquidity and we continue to explore compelling and strategic inorganic opportunities that are complementary to our current business. As part of positioning AIG for the future, over the past several years, we've been on a journey to simplify AIG. We're weaving the company together to operate seamlessly as one cohesive organization across underwriting, claims and all of our functional areas with the skills and capabilities to compete in the future. As a company, we've completed multiple transformation programs. These efforts, including AIG 200 have resulted in a reduction of our expense base of approximately $1.5 billion since 2018, while investing for the future. For example, over the last two years, we've invested approximately $300 million in data, digital workflow, AI and talent to accelerate our progress. If you look over the past five years, it include technology, end-to-end process workflow and foundational data investments that were part of AIG 200, our investment has been over $1 billion. Also at the beginning of 2024, we formally launched AIG Next to further accelerate the realization of additional operational efficiencies. As part of the AIG Next program, we're redefining our existing retained parent costs to reflect only expenses related to being a global regulated public company such as costs related to corporate governance, enterprise risk management and audit. Our objective is to decrease retained parent cost to $325 million to $350 million, or 1% to 1.5% of net premiums earned going forward. Expenses not defined as parent company costs will be fully embedded within the General Insurance results or they'll be redundant. All of the factors being equal, we would expect our full year 2025 calendar year combined ratio to be the same or lower than the full year 2023 metric on a comparable basis as a result of the actions were taken as part of AIG Next. We originally provided guidance that we would reach the combined ratio as the exit run rate at the end of 2025, and we now believe we can achieve it in the 2025 calendar year. Additionally, while I've not spoken in detail about AI in the past, we've been making substantial progress and I want to provide a high level overview. AIG is advancing its data and digital strategy using artificial intelligence, large language models and data ingestion applications with the objective of increasing underwriting efficiency and augmenting execution capabilities. We've spent considerable time over the past 12 months to 18 months creating a blueprint for the future that we use each of these components together, where each one is integral and connected and we redesign and refine the end-to-end underwriting workflow processes. Our primary objective is to construct an AI powered underwriting portfolio optimization capability that provides faster, more thorough, deeper analysis and improved customer service in quoting, binding and policy issuance by enabling increased underwriting productivity through the automation of manual processes. This will drive more accurate informed decisions by leveraging better data through foundational sources such as broker and agent submissions, and supplemented with validated sources of additional third-party data. We will then combine this enhanced capability with advanced modeling and amplify compute capabilities, underpinning this work is a robust governance framework designed to keep pace with the rapidly evolving global AI regulatory landscape. I will discuss two areas of focus, underwriting efficiency and underwriting management. With underwriting efficiency, we're developing a mechanism using large language models by which submissions are automatically filtered through real-time underwriting guidelines, allowing underwriters more capacity and the ability to assess many more submissions that meet our defined underwriting criteria, objectives and risk appetite. In underwriting management, we're dynamically managing the review of submission data with a disciplined application of underwriting guidelines and portfolio objectives, allowing underwriting leadership to more deeply and accurately analyze market conditions and enabling dynamic adjustments to underwriting guidelines, pricing and limit deployment. As we build our agentic ecosystem, we're using a multi-vendor technology strategy with multiple partners that is designed to evolve over-time. Our platform has been built for flexibility, configurability and adaptability to accommodate current and future technology. This includes the ability to support the expansion of generative AI capabilities for scalability globally across our platform, while keeping the underwriter at the center of decision making. This is just a glimpse into the significant work we've been doing to use generative AI and large language models as part of our overall data and digital strategy. We'll continue to advance these efforts over the remainder of this year and as we enter 2025. In summary, I'm very pleased with our performance in the second quarter and what we've accomplished not only during the quarter, but over the past several years to prepare AIG for a bright future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sabra.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Peter. This morning, I will provide details on AIG's exceptional second quarter financial results with a particular focus on the accounting treatment of Corebridge deconsolidation, General Insurance quarterly financial results, written premium rate trends, other operations, book value per share and ROE. I will begin with Corebridge related activity this quarter and the accounting treatment on AIG's financials. A few key dates to outline. On May 16, we announced the agreement with Nippon Life. Because that sale could close within 12 months of the announcement and reduce our ownership to well below 50%, held for sale accounting and the classification of Corebridge as discontinued operations was triggered for accounting purposes. Next, we sold 30 million shares of Corebridge on May 30, which brought our ownership to 48%. However, it did not trigger deconsolidation accounting, because AIG still had a right to majority representation on the Corebridge Board. On June 9, we raised our right to majority representation and one of our designees resigned from the Corebridge Board triggering deconsolidation accounting as well as the required filing of pro-forma financials with the SEC four days later. Discontinued operations and deconsolidation accounting principles drove significant changes in AIG's financials this quarter. We added a few slides in the investor deck to explain these changes, which I will refer to in my remarks. Let me start with the impact of held for sale and discontinued operations on Slide 15. Held for sale accounting stipulates that when you reach an agreement to sell a business, its financials must be recast in the current period with assets and liabilities each classified in one-line for both sides of the balance sheet. However, since Corebridge was a core business that we fully intend to exit, it also met the accounting criteria for discontinued operations, which requires a recast not just for the current reporting period, but also for past periods. As a result, we reclass Corebridge's assets, liabilities and net income into assets and liabilities of discontinued operations and income or loss from discontinued operations net of income tax in the AIG financials for the second quarter and prior periods. This treatment is reflected on Slide 15. While AIG total assets of $544 billion as of March 31, 2024 is the same as originally reported and following discontinued operations presentation, there is a significant movement within the line items. For example, total investments in cash of $324 billion as originally reported, decreased $88 billion with discontinued operations presentation, with $236 billion of Corebridge investments in cash now included in assets of discontinued operations. The next change in the quarter was deconsolidation, which was triggered on June 9. On the fourth quarter 2023 earnings call, I described the accounting steps related to this principle. Today, I'll walk through those steps with the final numbers. Turning to Slide 16, the first step is the fair valuing of Corebridge's assets and liabilities as of June 9. The net fair value amount was $9.7 billion comprised principally of the $8.6 billion market value of our Corebridge shares at that date and the net fair value of intercompany assets and previously consolidated investment entities. Next, we calculate the difference between the fair value of $9.7 billion and the book value on AIG's balance sheet, which was $6.7 billion. This resulted in net gain on sale of Corebridge of $3.0 billion pre-tax or $2.5 billion after tax. After that, accounting principles require the recognition of $7.2 billion of accumulated other comprehensive loss on AIG's balance sheet, which is unrealized losses on Corebridge's investment portfolio due to higher interest rates. This recognition records a $7.2 billion loss from AOCI in AIG retained earnings by booking it through the loss and discontinued operations in the income statement and then reducing AIG's AOCI on the balance sheet. This does not change shareholders' equity shown on Slide 17. To determine the income statement accounting impact of deconsolidation, the $2.5 billion after tax gain and the $7.2 billion of accumulated other comprehensive loss are added together to calculate the net after tax loss on deconsolidation of $4.7 billion. Finally, the next step is to add Corebridge's net income for the quarter prior to June 9, which was $325 million after tax to the net loss on sale, resulting in a total net loss on discontinued operations of $4.4 billion recorded in AIG's income statement for the quarter. Now, I'll cover the impact on AIG's shareholders' equity, turning to Slide 17, which has a walk of AIG's total equity from the end of March to the end of June. AIG's shareholders' equity was $43.4 billion at March 31, including Corebridge on a consolidated basis. Excluding deconsolidation impacts, the second quarter change in AIG shareholders' equity was a decrease of $1.5 billion, reflecting income from continuing operations of $475 million, offset by $1.7 billion of share repurchases and $261 million of dividends paid. This results in a pro forma AIG shareholders' equity of $41.9 billion before deconsolidation. Then, you layer in the deconsolidation impacts by adding the $2.5 billion after tax gain on sale for total AIG shareholders' equity of $44.4 billion at June 30, 2024 or a $1.1 billion net increase in the quarter, resulting in book value per share of $68.40 at June 30, a 6% increase from March 31. Please note as well that $5.7 billion of non-controlling interest in total equity, which represents the portion of Corebridge equity owned by other shareholders is also eliminated with deconsolidation through the recognition in the net book value calculation of the gain on sale. The last deconsolidation impact is on debt and leverage on Slide 18. Total debt for AIG and Corebridge at March 31, 2024 was $19.2 billion and total equity was $49.1 billion for debt to total capital ratio of 28.1%. With deconsolidation, Corebridge's debt of $9.4 billion and non-controlling interest of $5.7 billion are eliminated on AIG's balance sheet. This results in June 30 balances of $9.8 billion for total debt and $54.3 billion for total capital for a debt to total capital ratio of 18.1%, well within our 15% to 20% target leverage range. We hope this explanation in the slides are helpful in understanding the accounting treatment of Corebridge deconsolidation this quarter. I will now cover second quarter General Insurance and other operations results. Turning to General Insurance, adjusted pre-tax income or APTI was $1.2 billion, up 7% on a comparable basis due to strong underwriting results and higher net investment income. General Insurance net investment income was $746 million, up 10% on a comparable basis due to higher reinvestment rates on fixed maturities and loans. Considering current interest rates and $1.6 billion of General Insurance dividends paid to parent at quarter-end, we expect third quarter General Insurance investment income from fixed maturities, loans and short-term investments of about $700 million. Income on alternatives and other investment assets were $33 million and $52 million respectively in the quarter, up $32 million in total from $44 million and $9 million respectively in second quarter 2023. Second quarter 2024 underwriting income on a comparable basis was $430 million versus $420 million in second quarter last year, driven by lower expenses, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses. Year-to-date, underwriting results have been strong with an accident year loss ratio ex-catastrophes of 56.3%, mainly driven by changes in business mix compared to the prior year. Based on earned premium roll-forward and barring unforeseen significant changes in loss trends, we expect the accident year loss ratio ex-catastrophes will remain strong in the second half of 2024 at approximately the same level as the first half. Turning to natural catastrophes. The industry globally had another quarter of elevated losses with approximately 100 events. For AIG, second quarter catastrophe losses totaled $325 million or 5.7 points on the loss ratio, principally from secondary apparels, including severe convective storms in the United States, floods in the Middle East and Brazil, and hail in Japan with a roughly 50-50 split between North America and International. Our largest loss in the quarter totaled $90 million from exceptionally heavy rains in the UAE. Considering the forecast for hurricane season this year and secondary peril losses year-to-date, we believe that using AIG's last year total catastrophe losses is a good proxy for full year 2024. While actual losses will depend on the size and strength of events, our underwriting standards, limits and reinsurance programs, both occurrence and aggregate will help reduce the net impact of catastrophe frequency and severity on AIG's balance sheet. Nevertheless, on a global basis, the third quarter is usually by far the highest catastrophe quarter with losses averaging 40% to 50% of the total for the year. Turning to reserves, prior year development, net of reinsurance was a favorable $79 million, reflecting the net result from DVRs completed on more than $20 billion of reserves, about 45% of the total in the quarter. Overall, the DVRs, which included U.S. casualty, resulted in net favorable development on workers' compensation and modest net unfavorable development of $30 million on excess casualty, including $66 million for accident year 2021. The 2021 excess casualty reserve charges were for a few large known losses and commercial auto loss trends, reflecting the rebound in auto frequency and severity after the pandemic lockdown in 2020 when frequency was very low. We have not seen this increase in frequency and severity trends in the more recent accident years. Within the casualty and excess casualty books overall, severity trends remain generally consistent with our assumptions. While we see some favorable trends in the 2016 to 2019 accident years, we will continue to allow time for these years to mature. Pricing, which includes rate and exposure for Global Commercial Lines this quarter increased 5%, excluding workers' compensation and financial lines, while our view on loss cost trends have remained stable. In North America Commercial, renewal rates increased 2% in the second quarter or 4% if you exclude workers' compensation and financial lines and the exposure increase was 2%. In International Commercial, overall rate was largely flat or a 1% increase excluding financial lines and the exposure increase was 3% excluding financial lines. We continue to monitor our portfolio very closely and while rate in the second quarter is below trends on certain lines of business, such as property, it is above trend in others. To give more insight on property, North America retail and wholesale property saw rate increases drop below trend in the second quarter, but that's on the back of rate increases in excess of 25% in 2023 and cumulatively in excess of 150% since 2018. International property is about 100% higher. In 2023, our property portfolio had an excellent combined ratio. In North America casualty lines, in particular excess casualty, we continue to get rate in excess of loss trend. We continue to focus on writing business that has attractive returns and while the price adequacy of our portfolio, of course, varies by line, it remains strong overall and within our expectations. Turning to other operations, deconsolidation vastly simplified the income statement. Adjusted pre-tax loss in the quarter was $158 million, a 43% improvement year-over-year, primarily attributable to $68 million in Corebridge dividends and higher short-term investment income. Finally, with deconsolidation, we expect our 2024 adjusted tax rate to be about 24% before discrete items in line with our second quarter. With the deconsolidation of Corebridge this quarter, AIG's income statement and balance sheet are simpler and we no longer have the volatility of life insurance and annuity accounting. With all the changes, we took the opportunity to evaluate our non-GAAP equity metrics, which were established more than a decade ago when AIG was a vastly more complicated conglomerate. The principal change was revising our calculation of adjusted book value to only adjust for investment related accumulated other comprehensive income, which is not within management's control and which will revert to par as bonds approach maturity. Adjusted book value per share was $72.78 per share at June 30, 2024. In addition, we added a core operating shareholders' equity metric, which reflects the equity invested in AIG's go-forward business. It is calculated by subtracting from adjusted book value, the market value of Corebridge stock and GAAP deferred tax assets related to net operating losses and tax credits. Both of these assets have significant value to our shareholders, but contribute little to AATI. We believe this metric is more useful for valuing AIG's global general insurance business and also for measuring our progress towards a 10% plus ROE target. Over time, as we reduce our ownership in Corebridge to zero and monetize the DTA through earnings, core operating book value will become the same as adjusted book value. Core operating book value per share was $53.35 per share at June 30, 2024. To wrap-up, AIG delivered another excellent quarter with significant financial and operational accomplishments in 2024. Achieving the deconsolidation of Corebridge was a major accomplishment this quarter and we had continued strong profitability and growth in our General Insurance business. With our portfolio reshaping now largely behind us, we are intently focused on achieving our 10% plus ROE target driven by strong underwriting and top line growth, expense reduction and capital management. We continue to make progress on this goal with a core operating ROE of 8.9% for the second quarter and 9.3% year-to-date. With that, I will turn the call back over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino: Great. Thank you, Sabra. Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, great. Good morning. First question on the updated kind of combined ratio trajectory guidance for '25. So loud and clear that you'll be able to kind of hit it a bit sooner. I'm curious if you can kind of, if we focus on the loss ratio, what the guidance implies on a like-for-like basis on the loss ratio? Some of the questions we get continuously around most companies seeing some slippage in their loss ratios given lower levels of reserve releases. I'm curious if that's something that's considered within your loss ratio guidance.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Mike, for the question. The guidance that we've given in terms of what we expect for the full year 2025 does not contemplate any improvement in loss ratio. It's all in the expense ratio. And so we're trying to guide everybody is that all the expenses that exist in other operations will transition into parent, they'll go into the business or they'll be eliminated and that we're not going to be increasing our combined ratios based on the guidance that we gave at the end of '23. So we're not anticipating any caveats on loss ratios to be able to meet that guidance.
Michael Zaremski: And I guess just I'll stick on this for my follow-up. So given pricing is below loss trend in certain lines like property and understanding that the absolute, maybe this is the answer to the absolute pricing levels are still accretive to the -- to ROE or loss ratio just does it. To the extent, the current pricing environment held, why does it kind of make sense that the loss ratio should be able to kind of stay flattish, and not trying to be negative, just trying to nitpick on the margin?
Peter Zaffino: No. It's a great question. Let's take North America, for example, because you pointed out property. This quarter in terms of the overall index and rate increases, property was the headwind in that index. In casualty, we achieved mid-single digit to high-single digit rate with like 12% and excess casualty plus 2% in exposure. In Lexington, it was 11% increase in casualty, 12% in health care. So again, above loss cost trends. Property was flat this quarter. But you have to look at what's happened with the property market over the past several years. And if you look at the -- even last year in -- like excess and surplus lines, it was a 34% increase and the retail, it was 30%, that's after four years of double-digit rate increase. So I think -- look, with the low activity in CAT maybe in the first quarter, the cumulative rate increases over time, I mean, the property combined ratio fully loaded with CAT, even with giving a little bit back in the second quarter has an outstanding combined ratio. And if I can get that combined ratio for the rest of my career, I'll take it. I mean, like I don't think there's any deterioration in terms of what our overall index will be. And again, I can't really predict, that's why I kind of went into a little bit more detail about like sort of the CAT market is that we don't know. I mean, like, so property is highly driven by what happens in CAT and underlying inflation. And so I'm not going to predict what happens sort of six quarters from now, but I think we feel really comfortable with the portfolio and its profitability.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thank you. First question, just I was hoping we can get a general sense of the impact of the sale of the travel insurance on underwriting results in North America Personal
Peter Zaffino: Hey, Meyer. Good morning. In terms of -- I outlined in my prepared remarks, the premium impact, which is the $750 million on net premiums written. But on the overall combined ratio, it's going to be de minimis in terms of what we would lose within General Insurance once we pro forma it out.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Second question, I guess, on the excess casualty, if I understood Sabra's comments correctly, you had favorable development even on that line outside of 2021, which was a weird year. And I was hoping you could sort of break that down for us. I assume that that's older years rather than recent years, but I wanted to confirm that.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. I'll hand it over to Sabra. But as you know, and she gave a lot of detail in her prepared remarks, and we reviewed 45% of our total book in the second quarter. And in casualty, just based on what's going on in the global market, we really drilled down on every line of business and every year and went through it in tremendous detail. So Sabra, maybe you can just give a few highlights in terms of that analysis.
Sabra Purtill: Yeah. Sure. And just for everyone's benefit, I'll just start by framing a little bit what we did in the quarter for the DVRs. So this quarter, we evaluated $20.2 billion of reserves for U.S. casualty. That's comprised of 23 separate DVRs and more than 200 different lines of business, and then that aggregates to the five lines that you see on the 10-Q. So the net changes in the quarter were only about $20 million after written premiums, and that was $80 million favorable in workers' comp after the ADC, which has about $8 billion of reserves. It was $22 million unfavorable in excess casualty, which also has about $5 billion of reserves. And then in casualty, it's also about $5 billion reserve for $17 million favorable. In terms of the 2021 accident year, as we've noted on previous calls, we've increased our loss cost trends for 2020 and subsequent years. The adjustments we made in 2021 are from just a combination of known early reported claims that due to their facts and circumstances, we expect to penetrate the excess attachment level, including a rebound in the auto frequency and severity. In 2022 and 2023 accident years, we just have not had that same level of early claims experience, and therefore, we still have a high level of IBNR in the reserves. With respect to the accident year within excess casualty, I would note that while we did have the $66 million of adverse development in accident year 2021, we had $33 million of favorable development excess casualty from accident years prior to 2016, and that's where the delta comes it nets down to closer to the $22 million amount.
Meyer Shields: Yes. Got it. That's exactly what you needed. Thank you.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Meyer. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Appreciate all the color you guys are providing on the call. My first question, Peter, you said that the full year 2025 calendar year combined ratio would be the same or lower than the full year '23. Since you said comparable basis, I'm assuming you mean ex-Crop and Validus. Can you guys just disclose what that figure is, just so we know what you're setting the '25 baseline out? What was the 2023 adjusted figure?
Peter Zaffino: 91.6%.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. And then my second question is, you also mentioned in your prepared remarks, you said something about exploring inorganic opportunities. Can you just expand what that means? You guys have obviously taken action of divesting of certain businesses. So what would you look at on the expansion side and what criteria would any potential inorganic deals need to meet?
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Elyse. I included that in my prepared remarks, just based on the amount of financial flexibility, strategic flexibility that we've created for ourselves. The divestitures have been really about not having like really the businesses that we divest were terrific, and they fit very well with their new owners. But some of them needed scale, like travel and crop. And we wanted to be a little bit less in the volatility business, and therefore, Validus Re was divested. I would think as we look to the future, again, we're going to be very selective, very disciplined. But there are opportunities perhaps where we have existing businesses where we feel as though, we have competitive advantages that having more scale would be helpful. There could be complementary geographies as we look to different parts of internationally, but terrific international business. But there could be places where we want to expand further that give us not only better capabilities within that geography, but also could be very good for our multinational network. There are opportunities to invest further in businesses that we have. Think about AIG TATA in India is a fast-growing large scale business that is an industry leader. And so there's opportunities there as well. So we will use the same criteria, which is to make sure it's disciplined, it's additive, its strategic and it actually furthers and accelerates the progress we can make on an organic basis. And so we will -- again, we'll keep giving updates as there's more relevant information to share.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rob Cox: Hey, thanks. Just a question on the accident year loss ratio ex-cat guidance for approximately the same level in the back half. Can you help us think a little bit more about what goes into that and where that shakes out on a comparable basis versus the -- I think, over 100 basis points of improvement AIG has reported here in the first half?
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Thank you, Rob. It's really driven by mix of business. And if you take a look at this year compared to last year on a net premium earned basis, like the commercial and personal insurance businesses are literally identical in terms of its overall contribution to total premium. And then the commercial loss ratio largely stayed flat like a 10 basis point improvement, but largely flat. What happened was the Personal Insurance loss ratio dramatically improved, driven by North America which was well over 400 basis points. And so I think that that's really driving the first six months. And if we look at the back half, I mean, should we see the same thing? I think so. But you've seen all the tremendous new business, the momentum we have. The mix of business could be changed a little bit year-over-year when we look at the back half of the year, but that's really what's driving the improved loss ratio in the first six months. So it's really a true mix of business and also the significant improvement that North America personal is making and we expect them to continue to make.
Rob Cox: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And maybe just a follow-up. The move to kind of put some more capital to work in high net worth, is that driven by a change in sort of the view in underwriting opportunities there or have they always been good for AIG and what kind of drove that decision to double down now?
Peter Zaffino: The high net worth business had the same issues that the commercial business did, which it had too much TIV and it gets more pronounced in the high net worth business, because it's more dense. And so we needed to shed aggregate for a lot of reasons. One is that we had too much exposure in certain geographies like the world changed with COVID, the pandemic and all the macro factors that affected it. And then also the evolution of more capabilities in the non-admitted market. And so what we decided, and we've been thinking about this for a couple of years, is that build out an admitted platform that is going to be very strong, the right infrastructure and have the ability to grow, but also complement that with the non-admitted market and be able to do that where you have flexibility and form rate and limits and how you can actually respond to client needs. And there's a need. And so what we've been working on is what's the best way to do that, partnering with Ryan Specialty. It's a highly fragmented wholesale market. So nobody has a real strong expertise in high net worth unless you start to build it. And I think Ryan has been doing that. And so getting access to the 40,000 independent agents with a product that's going to be saleable, and we have done such a terrific job in terms of creating opportunity for more aggregate that we want to be able to have both options. And we believe that we'll be able to grow the non-admitted property market just based on the partnership that we just announced recently. So it's always been in the plan, but we didn't want to go out and just say, we're going to do non-admitted and have it a fragmented not strategic approach. And so we believe this is going to give us great opportunities to access the market in a different way.
Rob Cox: Thank you.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Ward with Citi. Your line is open.
Mike Ward: Thank you. Good morning. I just had one question and is somewhat related. But overall for the business and including commercial lines, curious how you guys are shifting the culture back to sort of a growth mindset, thinking about all the change that you've executed? And I guess, where are we in that part of the story? And should we think about AIG as potentially being able to grow faster than the market, all equal, just by turning some of the spigots back on?
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. It's a terrific question, and I happen to have Don Bailey and Jon Hancock here with me. So I'm going to ask them both to comment on North America and international. It's a great question. Don, why don't you start with, how we have actually been very focused on not only retention, but new business in North America.
Don Bailey: Yeah. Thanks, Peter. And we have definitely pivoted to that growth mindset. Its first important to mention that we were doing this off of transforming the business over the last few years. So we come into the growth with a position of strength regarding underwriting discipline, profitability. You've heard about all that. Regarding the growth, we've been very deliberate and creating more value for our distribution partners and clients than ever before, and we're applying much more rigor in pursuing like targeted risks. All of that is what you start to see showing up in the numbers now. And I can give you a little bit more color. The retention that we're delivering high levels of retention across all of our business. I would also add that we're executing on specific market opportunities, notably retail casualty and Lexington. On the retail casualty side, we are on offense. The discipline in the excess market is a positive for us right now, and we're moving on that. Regarding Lex, the growth there comes from three places. We have strong -- continued strong retention there, new products and new customers. So it's not from bigger limits. I would describe it as healthy, horizontal growth. Regarding the sustainability of it, which I think is important, I can look at some of our Lex submission data and share that with you. Year-to-date submissions at Lex are up 42%, and that's on top of 39% growth through last year through six months. We view this as a clear flight to quality in that space. I should also add that we resourced all of that in advance. So we're well positioned to take advantage of what's coming. And Peter, I'll just say this in closing on my end, we're getting all that growth while achieving outstanding loss ratios in the core business.
Peter Zaffino: Don, thank you. That was great. Jon, maybe a little bit of context on International.
Jon Hancock: Yeah. I mean, I won't repeat what you've already said, Peter or Don, but I would say, this is still a very good market for us to underwrite in. We've got a really large diverse portfolio across international, gives us access to a huge amount of opportunity, different segments, different geographies, different points in time. So we can reshape and shift the book depending on what we see in each market. Similar themes to Don, this has been very planful. This is not opportunistic growth here. We've been building to this for a long time of a very, very high quality book of business. We start with retaining 89% of what we've worked really hard to build a really strong book. New business submissions are up as well. We're retaining that our own flight to quality as well as the market. Hopefully, we've done the markets flight to quality. A couple of highlights for me. We've got a world-class global specialty business. It's grown 8% in the quarter. And that's driven by some very, very good new business in all of the global specialty segments, especially in marine and energy, where we are recognized world leaders in both. We've grown new business in marine 15% over Q1 last year, especially strong in cargo in the UK and across Europe. Peter, you already referenced the energy, 13% increase in new business year-over-year. And that's in all of our global hubs and all of our products actually. So really, really strong targeted growth with one of our best performing profitability businesses. And I'll just finish on, I'll add in Talbot as well Talbot at Lloyd's another very, very good quarter of growth of 12%. And again, that's driven by targeted growth in specialty lines of marine liability that we grew at 13%, cargo and specie at 16% and upstream energy at 19%. And both of those with the market we've got the pipeline that we've got, we expect to see continued good growth.
Peter Zaffino: That's great, Jon. Thanks to you and Don for that detail, really helpful. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I do want to thank our colleagues around the world for their continued dedication, commitment, teamwork and all of their execution. I also want to extend my deep gratitude to Tom Bolt, who's retiring at the end of the year for his many significant contributions to AIG during a very important time and congratulate him on his story career. Tom was instrumental in establishing a global framework for AIG's underwriting standards, governance and structures and alignment with our refined risk appetite and has just been a terrific executive at AIG. So again, thank you for joining us today. Everybody, have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's First Quarter 2024 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. 
 Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Good morning, and thanks very much. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements if circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change.  
 Today's remarks may also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at aig.com.  
 Additionally, note that today's remarks will include results of AIG Life and Retirement segment and other operations on the same basis as prior quarters, which is how we expect to continue to report until the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial. AIG segments and U.S. GAAP financial results, as well as AIG's key financial metrics with respect thereto, differ from those reported by Corebridge Financial. Corebridge Financial will host its earnings call on Friday, May 3.  
 Finally, today's remarks as they relate to net premiums written, adjusted pretax income, underwriting income and margin in General Insurance are presented both on a reported basis as well as a comparable basis, which reflects year-over-year comparison on a constant dollar basis as applicable, adjusted for the sale of Crop Risk Services and the sale of Validus Re. Please refer to the footnote on Page 26 of the first quarter financial supplement for prior period results for the Crop business and Validus Re. 
 With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to review our first quarter 2024 financial results. Following my remarks, Sabra will provide more detail on the quarter and then we'll take questions. Kevin Hogan will join us for the Q&A portion of the call.
 Here are some highlights from the quarter. Adjusted after-tax income was $1.2 billion or $1.77 per diluted common share, representing a 9% increase in earnings per share year-over-year. Consolidated net investment income on an adjusted pretax income basis was $3.5 billion, a 13% increase year-over-year. General Insurance underwriting income was $596 million, a 19% increase year-over-year, reflecting improved accident year results, including lower catastrophes and increased 67% year-over-year on a comparable basis, if you exclude divested businesses from the prior year quarter.  
 The accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 88.4%, a 30 basis point improvement from the prior year quarter and was the tenth consecutive quarter of a sub-90 combined ratio. The quarter also reflected the significant improvement we have made in controlling volatility in our property portfolio as total catastrophe-related losses in the quarter were $107 million or 1.9%, representing a 230 basis point improvement year-over-year. 
 Turning to Life and Retirement. The business reported very good results with premiums and deposits of $10.7 billion in the first quarter, their highest quarterly result achieved in the last decade, and strong APTI growth of 12% over the prior year quarter. 
 Last September, Corebridge entered into a definitive agreement to sell the U.K. Life Insurance business to Aviva plc, which calls on April 8. Net proceeds were approximately $550 million and will be used for Corebridge share repurchases.  
 During the quarter, we returned over $2.4 billion to shareholders through $1.7 billion of common stock repurchases, $250 million of dividends and the redemption of all our outstanding Series A preferred stock for $500 million. We repaid $459 million of debt upon maturity, lowering our total debt to $9.8 billion. In addition, we repurchased approximately $613 million of common stock in April. 
 Based on our strong performance, the AIG Board of Directors approved an 11% increase in AIG's quarterly common stock dividend to $0.40 per share. The AIG Board of Directors also increased the share repurchase authorization to $10 billion, effective May 1. Lastly, we ended the first quarter with strong parent liquidity of $5.1 billion. Overall, I'm very pleased with our first quarter results and the continued strong execution of our strategy to deliver sustained underwriting excellence, profitability and disciplined capital management.
 During my remarks this morning, I will discuss 4 important topics: first, I will provide some financial highlights in the quarter focused on the General Insurance business, including some insight into our net premiums written; second, I will talk briefly about the results in Life and Retirement; third, I will provide an update on our capital management strategy, specifically our plans for 2024 and 2025; and finally, I will discuss our path to a 10%-plus ROCE and provide more detail on AIG Next and our future state operating structure that will create value through a leaner and more unified company. 
 Let me take a moment to update you on our sell-down of Corebridge. Our Corebridge holdings currently stand at 324 million common shares outstanding, which represents a 53% ownership stake. We continue to explore all alternatives to reduce our ownership stake in Corebridge. Once Corebridge is deconsolidated from AIG, Life and Retirement's balance sheet and income statement will no longer be included in AIG's consolidated financial statements, and our remaining ownership stake will be reported in parent investments with dividends reported in net investment income. 
 Sabra went through this in detail on our last earnings call. We have been evaluating opportunities to maximize long-term value for Corebridge and have considered multiple strategic alternatives that we believe will best position Corebridge for future success. We remain committed to reducing AIG's ownership and to fully selling our remaining stake, and I will continue to provide updates to all of our stakeholders.  
 In terms of the use of Corebridge-related proceeds, AIG expects to continue to utilize excess capital and liquidity, with a focus on returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and liability management, which I will discuss later when I outline our capital management strategy.
 Now turning to General Insurance. Net premiums written were $4.5 billion and reflected the impact of the dispositions of Validus Re and Crop Risk Services as well as actions we've taken to restructure specific treaty reinsurance. Overall, Global Commercial had a very strong quarter. Excluding the impact of our divestitures, Global Commercial net premiums written growth was 1% year-over-year.
 First, I want to reconfirm the guidance for the year. We expect high single-digit growth in net premiums written for the full year in our Global Commercial Insurance business. Now the results. In North America Commercial, net premiums written grew 4%. Lexington grew 24%, which was led by Casualty and Western World. Our Excess Casualty line grew 46% and our Captive Solutions grew 20%.  
 There's been meaningful commentary on the Excess & Surplus Lines market, and we continue to experience terrific fundamentals and results in Lexington. Let me provide a few examples. Our submission volume was up over 50% year-over-year. Lexington delivered strong new business, outperforming last year's record first quarter results, balanced across all lines. And retention remains strong for Lexington at 78%. 
 Shifting to North America Retail Property, net premiums written were negative $120 million in the quarter, driven by first quarter reinsurance purchased and had over a 600 basis point impact on the first quarter net premiums written growth for North America commercial compared to prior year. North America Financial Lines declined 4% year-over-year. In prior quarters, we provided meaningful commentary on the dynamics within Financial Lines, so I will not go through that again. 
 It's been a challenging market environment with continued headwinds on rate. Having said that, we continue to believe our portfolio is strong, and we remain disciplined. Sabra will give more detail in her prepared remarks. 
 In International Commercial, net premiums written were flat for the quarter. International Property grew 23%, and Talbot grew 18%. This was offset by a decline in our Global Specialty business of slightly over 10% due to some top line weakness in energy and the effects of the reinsurance restructuring. Also, we had a 5% decline in International Financial Lines. 
 Now turning to the combined ratio. Our Global Commercial business in the first quarter had an outstanding result with an 84.4% accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophe, a 150 basis point improvement year-over-year. The accident year combined ratio, including catastrophe, was 86.6%, a 500 basis point improvement year-over-year. 
 This was led by International Commercial which, on a comparable basis, had an 82.8% accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophe, which is a 140 basis point improvement year-over-year; and an 83.5% accident year combined ratio, including catastrophe, which is a 770 basis point improvement year-over-year.
 North America Commercial also had an outstanding result with an 85.9% accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophe, which is a 180 basis point improvement year-over-year; and an 89.5% accident year combined ratio, including catastrophe which is a 260 basis point improvement year-over-year. These results were simply outstanding and are a testament to our commitment and culture of underwriting excellence.  
 Shifting now to global Personal Insurance. Net premiums written were flat to prior year. We had modest growth in Personal Auto and Individual Travel and reductions in high net worth driven largely by reinsurance and Accident & Health, largely driven by 2 nonrenewals in China, as part of our focus on portfolio improvements in our Accident & Health business.  
 North America Personal had a 97.7% accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophe. This is a 990 basis point improvement year-over-year and a 101.6% accident year combined ratio, including catastrophe, which is an 870 basis point improvement year-over-year.  
 As we discussed last year, we expect a material financial improvement in 2024 that will be driven by higher earned premium and a lower loss ratio from the high net worth business. We saw this manifest in the first quarter and expect this improvement to continue throughout 2024.  
 International parcel insurance had a 96.8% accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophe, which increased 90 basis points year-over-year; and a 96.8% accident year combined ratio, including catastrophe, which is a 20 basis point improvement year-over-year. Overall, I'm very pleased with the financial performance of General Insurance, which delivered another excellent quarter.  
 Our reinsurance decisions in the first quarter had an impact on net premiums written. As we've discussed over the past several years, our reinsurance partnerships and global treaty structures have been purposeful. Our objective has been to deliver improved underwriting profitability and evolve our business portfolio to be appropriately diversified to deliver consistent results throughout the market cycle.  
 We believe this strategy has provided sustained value to our clients while also delivering improved risk-adjusted returns. It has significantly repositioned AIG, especially as we prepare to deconsolidate from Corebridge. Our goals with our reinsurance purchasing have been to preserve and optimize capital and enhance the quality of earnings through active management of the volatility of our underwriting results. This deliberate approach to reinsurance has helped position AIG with a very strong balance sheet and has given us the flexibility to add exposure where risk-adjusted returns are very attractive while also moderating volatility in our underwriting results. 
 As a result of our divestiture of Validus Re, combined with the reduction in gross limits in property through our underwriting strategy, we have reduced our PMLs and created meaningful capacity to increase our property writings throughout our global platform should they meet our expected returns. Without going through each return period by peril and region, our key zone PMLs on average, have decreased by over 40% compared to the first quarter of 2023, which provides considerable aggregate for future growth while appropriately managing the exposures we're assuming. 
 Our reinsurance purchasing is deliberately concentrated at January 1. As a result, any changes in purchasing tend to be more pronounced in the first quarter reporting of net premiums written. In January 2024, we also made some changes related to the allocation of catastrophe costs among the businesses, so that catastrophe costs are more accurately reflected in pricing. Historically, some of these costs have been shared with Validus Re. We reallocated PMLs and the catastrophe costs to where we believe the most attractive opportunities for growth existed in our portfolio.
 It's worth noting, when considering our property catastrophe placement, we believe we have the lowest attachment point of our peer group. Over time, we have the balance sheet and perhaps the risk appetite to take more net on our catastrophe program post deconsolidation and subject to market conditions.  
 As a point of reference, if we chose to raise our catastrophe attachment point to $500 million worldwide, our attachment point would likely remain the lowest among our peer group with 1 in 11 attachment point in North America wind and 1 in 19 attachment in North America earthquake based on today's exposure. Importantly, our net premiums written in commercial would have been 15% greater in the first quarter if we had elected to have a $500 million attachment point across our global portfolio.  
 Our earnings potential is significant. And when combined with the strength of our balance sheet, it will provide us with the flexibility to continuously evaluate and refine our strategic reinsurance purchasing as we enter 2025. 
 Turning to Life and Retirement. As I noted earlier, the business continued to produce strong results in the first quarter. In April, Corebridge completed their Corebridge forward restructuring. $400 million of savings has been actioned or contracted, and they expect to realize the vast majority of the savings by the end of 2024 at a cost to achieve of $300 million.  
 Corebridge repurchased approximately $240 million of common shares during the first quarter, and they have repurchased $370 million of common shares year-to-date. Corebridge ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet with parent liquidity of $1.7 billion. This week, the Corebridge Board of Directors approved a share buyback authorization of $2 billion, which reflects their stated commitment to delivering a 60% to 65% payout ratio to shareholders, subject to market conditions. 
 Turning to other operations. We have made significant progress towards our future state operating model. Adjusted pretax loss from other operations in the quarter, including Life and Retirement, was $408 million, a 17% improvement year-over-year. The improvement was primarily attributable to lower general operating expense, higher short-term investment income and lower interest expense at AIG due to debt reduction actions. We expect our future state parent expenses to be in the range of $325 million to $350 million by year-end 2024. After deconsolidation, we intend to use 1% to 1.5% of net premiums earned as a benchmark of total parent expenses in the future.  
 Turning to capital management. In the first quarter, we continue to execute on our balanced capital management strategy. Over the past couple of years, we have significantly strengthened our balance sheet by making key decisions that have increased our financial flexibility while always planning for the long term, which has allowed us to accelerate the execution of our strategy and unlock meaningful value for AIG shareholders.  
 Along with establishing appropriate debt capital structures for AIG and Corebridge and diligently executing on AIG's capital management priorities, we have also completed over $40 billion of capital market transactions since 2022. We have been very disciplined in the execution of the components of our capital management strategy that we first outlined in 2022.  
 As a reminder, our objectives were: to maintain very strong insurance company capital levels to support organic growth and a steady source of operating subsidiary dividends to service parent company needs; to reduce our total debt outstanding and improve our leverage ratios, providing a well-structured and well-laddered debt portfolio with no outsized amounts due in any given year, particularly over the next 5 years; to return excess capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends; to increase our dividend as our earnings and financial flexibility improved; and to maintain a strong parent liquidity position.  
 All of our Tier 1 insurance company subsidiaries are at or above their target capital ranges and have the ability to support meaningful growth without additional capital contributions. At current profitability levels, we had approximately $3 billion of run rate dividend capacity from our global General Insurance subsidiaries with approximately $2 billion attributable to the U.S. General Insurance company's dividend capacity. 
 We have increased the U.S. General Insurance company dividend capacity by approximately 400% over the last 3 years. This reflects a significant increase from 2021, when it was $550 million; and in 2022, when it was $1.4 billion. Looking forward, we expect to continue positioning AIG with maximum capital flexibility for growth, including reviewing our reinsurance over time and considering compelling and strategic inorganic growth opportunities should they exist.  
 In addition to strong insurance company capitalization, we've continued to significantly reduce our overall debt. Outstanding debt is now approximately $9.8 billion, a reduction of over $12 billion since the end of 2021, which has been a remarkable result for AIG. We had previously provided guidance that we're targeting a 20% to 25% total debt-to-capital ratio, and we expect to be in the 15% to 20% range upon deconsolidation.
 While we may do additional work on maturities, we would not expect that to take priority over share repurchases. Since 2022, we've increased our focus on share repurchase activities. We completed over $5 billion of repurchases in 2022 and approximately $3 billion in 2023. Looking ahead, we expect up to $6 billion in repurchases in 2024 and up to $4 billion in 2025, depending on the timing of future Corebridge sell-downs and market conditions.
 All of the expected activity in 2024 and 2025 will be covered by the $10 billion share authorization that we announced yesterday. For the balance of 2024, we expect to be able to repurchase about $1.5 billion of common stock a quarter depending on excess parent liquidity levels, including future Corebridge sale proceeds, General Insurance dividends and market conditions. 
 And based on the current stock price, we would expect this to get us closer to the higher end of our target share count range of 600 million to 650 million common shares by the end of the second quarter and towards the lower end of the range by the end of 2024. Furthermore, based on this outlook and depending on the stock price and market conditions, we would expect to be between 550 million and 600 million shares outstanding by year-end 2025.  
 Turning to our dividend. The AIG Board of Directors recently increased the cash dividend of $0.40 per share on AIG common stock up 11%, the second consecutive year with an increase of more than 10%. I could not be more pleased with our progress. We remain confident in our ability to deliver while continuing the positive momentum in our financial performance. 
 We remain committed to delivering an adjusted 10%-plus ROCE post deconsolidation of Corebridge. For the first quarter, we achieved a 9.3% adjusted ROCE and a 13.3% adjusted ROCE in General Insurance. Contributing to ROCE will be AIG Next, which will focus on achieving an expense base that will generate additional savings for AIG while reducing complexity throughout our organization and simplifying how we operate. AIG Next will create clarity in our operating structure, including aligning our underwriting and claims organizations with our operations and functions while defining our parent company of the future.  
 This is the key objective as we weave AIG together. To be a less complex, more effective and leaner company with the appropriate infrastructure and capabilities for the business we will be post deconsolidation. AIG Next has clearly defined work streams governed by a very experienced, centralized team with significant experience in transformations and company design reporting directly to me. 
 As I stated on previous calls, we expect AIG Next to generate approximately $500 million in annual run rate savings by the end of 2025. Of the $500 million in run rate savings, we expect $350 million to be actioned in 2024, which is an increase of the guidance we have provided in the past, and the balance will be actioned within 2025 with a cost to achieve of $500 million.  
 To date, we've made meaningful progress on AIG Next across multiple work streams. In April, we announced a voluntary early retirement program available to colleagues in the United States who meet the eligibility criteria. Eligible participants will have the opportunity to accelerate their retirement from AIG with enhanced retirement benefits. 
 The population of eligible participants represents approximately 25% of our U.S. workforce. About half of the eligible participants are located in the high-cost New York metropolitan area. We are anticipating a 50% take-up rate, which would result in approximately $225 million of onetime cost and a net run rate benefit of approximately $150 million after reinvestment for the skills and capabilities we need for the future. The numbers I have provided for our early retirement program are included in the total numbers I provided for AIG Next.  
 In summary, I'm very pleased with our overall performance as we start 2024. As I said in my recent letter to shareholders, our ability to execute continues to be one of the company's best attributes. We have accomplished a significant amount in the past several years in order to position AIG for the future, and we have continued to deliver in the first quarter, which will enable us to achieve our objectives in 2024 and beyond.
 I am confident that we will continue to uphold our commitment to achieving underwriting excellence and high-quality earnings over the long term, benefiting all of our stakeholders as we continue to simplify and streamline our business and create the AIG of tomorrow.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Sabra. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Peter. This morning, I will provide details on AIG's first quarter results, including General Insurance, investment income in Life and Retirement and a balance sheet update. 
 First quarter 2024 adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG common shareholders, or AATI, was $1.2 billion, flat to last year due to the reduction in our ownership of Corebridge from 77.3% to 52.7% at the end of this quarter. General Insurance adjusted pretax income, or APTI, increased $110 million year-over-year, driven by higher underwriting and net investment income. The prior year quarter included APTI of approximately $175 million from Validus Re and Crop Risk Services. On a comparable basis, excluding the divested businesses, General Insurance APTI was up about $285 million.  
 As Peter noted, first quarter General Insurance underwriting income was $596 million, up $94 million from the prior year quarter. On a comparable basis, underwriting income rose $239 million year-over-year.  
 International Commercial Lines was the primary contributor to higher underwriting profitability with $175 million increase in underwriting income. North America Commercial Lines underwriting income was down $95 million from the prior year quarter as reported but up $35 million on a comparable basis. Underwriting income includes catastrophe losses of $107 million in the quarter or 190 basis points on the loss ratio, down from $265 million or 420 basis points last year.
 Prior year development this quarter was a favorable $34 million compared to a favorable $68 million in the prior year quarter. This quarter's development was solely from the amortization of the deferred gain on the adverse development cover which is recalculated each year based on prior year experience. For 2024, the amortization gain will be $34 million each quarter compared to $41 million a quarter last year. 
 Turning to underwriting ratios. The General Insurance calendar year combined ratio was 89.8% this quarter, a 210 basis point improvement from the prior year quarter and a 380 basis point improvement on a comparable basis. We provided additional data on Page 26 of the financial supplement on the impact of the divestitures on 2023 North American commercial combined ratios. 
 The accident year combined ratio ex catastrophes was 88.4%, a 30 basis point improvement over the prior year quarter and a 160 basis point improvement on a comparable basis. The accident year loss ratio adjusted for catastrophes was 56.6% this quarter, 10 basis points better than the first quarter of 2023 as reported and 70 basis points better on a comparable basis. This improvement reflects continued earn-in of rate above loss cost trend and better underwriting and risk selection, particularly in Global Commercial lines.
 The expense ratio for the quarter was 31.8%, down 20 basis points from the prior year quarter as reported, with a $43 million reduction in general operating expenses. On a comparable basis, the expense ratio improved 90 basis points with 10 basis points from the acquisition ratio and 80 basis points from the general operating expense ratio, reflecting continued expense discipline as general operating expenses rose only $6 million. 
 As Peter covered General Insurance premium growth, I will focus on Commercial Lines new business, renewal rate, loss trends and retention as well as reserves. New business production in Global Commercial remained strong. In North America, new business was almost $450 million and balanced across all lines with excellent performance from Lexington. 
 International Commercial new business levels were very good, with over $500 million in the quarter, led by Talbot, Property and Casualty, offset by lower new business in energy and Financial Lines. In North America Commercial, overall rate, excluding workers' compensation, increased 5% in the quarter with exposure adding 2% for overall pricing of 7%, which is above loss cost trend. Excluding workers' comp and Financial Lines, North America commercial rate was up more than 8% in the quarter, with exposure up 2% for overall pricing over 10%, meaningfully above the loss cost trend. 
 North America commercial rate increase reflect strengthening pricing trends in Casualty, including Lexington Casualty, which was up 11%; Lexington Healthcare up 15%; and Excess Casualty up 16%. In International Commercial, overall rate increased 3% and exposure added 2% for an overall pricing increase of 5%, modestly ahead of the loss cost trend. Excluding Financial Lines, International rate was up 5% with overall pricing up 7%, well ahead of loss cost trend. The rate increase was driven by Property, which was up 7%; energy up 8%; and marine up 7%. 
 As we've discussed, Financial Lines is a notable exception to pricing trends. This was particularly the case in excess. We are taking a long-term view in Financial Lines and remain disciplined on risk selection, terms and conditions, pricing and reserving. While rate trend has been negative the past few quarters, in aggregate, the cumulative rate level in North America Financial Lines is about 50% higher than 5 years ago. 
 Renewal retention has improved over the past several years and remained strong. As a reminder, we calculate renewal retention using expiring premiums, excluding the impact of renewal rate and exposure changes on the ratio. Global Commercial retention increased to 89%, stable at 88% in North America and rose to 89% in International.  
 Turning to reserves. I wanted to provide some background on AIG's reserve review schedule for 2024 and quarterly processes. At AIG, we performed detailed valuation reviews, or DVRs, on each book once a year. In DVRs, we look at loss development and trends in prior and current accident years and consider changes in our reserving factors and approaches based on emerged experience. We do not perform DVRs in the first quarter.  
 In the second quarter of 2024, we will review the North America Casualty book, including excess and primary Casualty, Lexington, workers' compensation and mass tort comprising about $20 billion of reserves or 44% of our total reserves. In the third quarter, we will review International Commercial Lines, Global Financial Lines, Commercial Property and other lines, totaling about $22 billion or 47% of reserves with the balance of the DVRs completed in the fourth quarter.  
 Between DVRs, our actuarial team evaluates pricing, claims, loss trends and reserves across the portfolio. Each quarter, we complete an actual versus expected review, or AVE, for each book. The AVE review gives us a current look at trends and the opportunity to address issues prior to the scheduled DVR. Examples of such items include large new claims, notable changes in claims patterns or settlements, changes in attritional loss trends beyond normal ranges or significant major events.  
 We are aware that the industry has begun to address adverse casualty loss development trends in the 2016 to 2019 accident years. On our third quarter 2023 call, Peter provided significant detail on the reunderwriting and repricing of our casualty book that we began in 2018 with an entirely new framework and approach to underwriting. In addition, we changed our reserving assumptions on the book. And by 2021, we had increased reserves on North American Casualty, 2016 through 2019 accident years, by over $1 billion. We also continued to refine our actuarial judgments, and in 2019, we raised the loss cost trend assumption for certain Excess Casualty segments to 10%. And by 2022, all Excess Casualty segments were at or above 10%. 
 Our AVE reviews on North American Casualty since the second quarter 2023 DVR continue to show loss experience within the range of our expectations on the 2016 to 2019 accident years. As we have previously outlined, our reserving philosophy is to react to adverse trends quickly and to allow time for favorable trends, particularly in recent accident years, to mature. We did not make any adjustments to our casualty reserves this quarter, in total or within the 2016 to 2019 accident years. AIG's reserves and balance sheet are much stronger today, and our reinsurance is much more comprehensive, helping improve our underwriting results and reduce volatility.
 Turning now to investment income. AIG continues to benefit from reinvestment rates on fixed maturities and loans that exceeded sales and maturities, helping drive higher yields and net investment income in General Insurance and Life and Retirement. This quarter, consolidated net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.5 billion, up 13% from the prior year quarter and up 2% in General Insurance and 16% in Life and Retirement.  
 General Insurance net investment income growth was negatively impacted by the sale of Validus Re, which had a $5 billion portfolio. Adjusted for income on that portfolio in the prior year quarter, General Insurance net investment income rose about 7%, with a 9% increase in fixed maturities and loans driven by higher reinvestment rates.
 This quarter, new money rates on fixed maturities and loans averaged 5.9%, 150 basis points higher than the yield on sales and maturities in the quarter. The new money rates were about 115 basis points higher in General Insurance, and 165 basis points higher in Life and Retirement. 
 The annualized yield on fixed maturities and loans, excluding calls, prepayments and other onetime items, was 3.9% in General Insurance, 3 basis points higher than the fourth quarter of 2023 and 44 basis points higher than the prior year quarter. The sequential yield comparison in General Insurance was negatively impacted by the sale of Validus Re. First quarter General Insurance alternative investment income was $54 million or an annualized return of 5.2% this quarter, down $41 million from the prior year quarter.  
 Continuing to Life and Retirement. Sales and earnings were strong this quarter. First quarter sales remained at historically high levels with premiums and deposits of $10.7 billion driven by strong sales in fixed annuities and pension risk transfer.
 Life and Retirement segment APTI was $991 million, up 12% from the prior year quarter, driven by higher base portfolio spread income due to higher reinvestment rates, higher fee income due to higher market levels and lower general operating expenses, partially offset by lower alternative investment income. Life and Retirement alternative investment income was negative $23 million this quarter for an annualized yield of negative 1.8% due to private equity losses and very low income on hedge funds and real estate compared to breakeven last year. Corebridge's total contribution to AIG's AATI, including corporate expenses, declined by approximately $100 million or 20% over the prior year quarter due to the reduction in our ownership. 
 Turning to the balance sheet. Book value per common share was $64.66 this quarter, down 1% from year-end 2023 and up 10% from the prior year quarter, driven mostly by the impact of interest rates. Adjusted book value per share was $77.79, up 1% from year-end 2023 and up 3% from the prior year quarter, reflecting the net impact of earnings, dividends and share repurchases.  
 Peter covered our capital management actions year-to-date. With respect to debt leverage, consolidated debt and preferred stock to total capital, excluding AOCI, which includes $9.4 billion of Corebridge debt, was 23.6% at March 31, down 70 basis points from year-end 2023. Excluding Corebridge debt on a pro forma deconsolidated basis, AIG debt to total capital is expected to be within the new 15% to 20% debt target range that Peter provided.  
 To conclude, AIG delivered another excellent quarter with significant financial and operational accomplishments. In 2024, AIG Next and the deconsolidation of Corebridge will drive significant progress towards achieving our 10%-plus adjusted ROCE goal. We are confident in our ability to achieve this goal and look forward to updating you on our progress.  
 With that, I will turn the call back over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you, Sabra. And operator, we're ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Zaremski with BMO. 
Michael Zaremski: Looking over the -- your prepared remarks, Peter, and you used the term inorganic opportunities should they exist in reviewing reinsurance. So you also talked about the capital management expectations. So I guess would -- should we be thinking about the repurchase program as kind of a base case, but should there be other opportunities you might look to do something organic? Or just was there anything kind of new in there, in that wording that we should -- that you're trying to get us to think about? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Mike. It's a very good question. We are going to stay very committed to the capital management structure we outlined, which is why I gave guidance on not only '24 but '25 in terms of share repurchases.
 I think we've been consistent, and I added in when we're more comprehensive in our description in terms of capital management, that should inorganic opportunities exist, and they're compelling, which just means does it add product, does it add geography? Not scale and size, but just something that does help us strategically reposition ourselves. I wouldn't want to rule that out, but it's not a priority in the short term. And so that's really the context of what I provide in my prepared remarks. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Understood. And my follow-up is just on the overall competitive environment relative to growth. So you guys have been very open. You have lots of pricing gauges. You've talked about Financial Lines being -- continue to be a soft-ish marketplace. but you've also said that you estimate pricing above loss cost trend. 
 But is there -- is this a conducive environment for AIG to want to kind of grow opportunistically? Or is it more just in certain pockets? I guess just for the backdrop, some of us look at the Marsh pricing index and it feels like there's, in my words, not a lot of gap or a narrow gap between kind of pricing and loss trends, potentially. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks. It's a very good question. Let me start on growth. You can't -- one is you can't always look at broker index. Again, I don't know what Marsh index tracks, but sometimes, they don't catch fee business. They don't really catch the entire sort of market, which is the market we play in. 
 I do think it's conducive to grow. We don't look for top line growth to sacrifice profitability, and I think we evidenced that in this quarter and we've evidenced it over the past couple of years, that we continue to want to improve our combined ratios and look at businesses where the best risk-adjusted returns are. And so we have shaped the portfolio that way.
 It's hard in any one quarter to sometimes draw conclusions like you saw in terms of the gross premium written in this quarter. It's really driven by 3 lines: Specialty; Financial Lines; and Casualty. The first quarter was impacted in International by energy within the Specialty class. But it's a great business, we're a world leader in that class, great underwriting capabilities and global distribution. And expect us to continue to grow that, and it's a very attractive combined ratio. 
 So I think there's a little bit of noise. We had some captives. We had reinsurance impact the quarter, because we switched from some pro rata to excess of loss. I don't think I need to go into too much more detail on Financial Lines. It's definitely an area where we watch very carefully. Sabra provided a lot of great context in her prepared remarks. But we're going to focus on making sure we have the highest-quality book. 
 I mean, our retention I think, spoke volumes this quarter in terms of the portfolio we like. I mean, with 89% in International, 88% in North America, across the board, that was tremendous, good new business. And so we definitely find opportunities. 
 I mean, the one area I just want to just note. Because Lexington, we talk about it every quarter because it just continues to just be exceptional. But the market dynamics have changed quite a bit. And when we look at Excess & Surplus lines, we think there's great opportunities to continue to grow. Even though there may have been some slowdown in Property, there's other lines of business, like casualty that we're seeing massive submission activity. And I just wouldn't look at the E&S market as a hard market play or a soft market play. It's just a market that's going to be here to stay in a different way. And so we're very much investing in that. I think the margins are great and the growth opportunities are significant. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: Peter, my first question, last quarter, you had implied that a Corebridge deconsolidation would come by the end of the second quarter. Does that time frame remain intact? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: There's not a whole lot more I can offer in terms of the prepared remarks. Every sell-down has been important, but this one is particularly important just because we would likely become a seller of shares that will deconsolidate Corebridge. So we continue to focus on making certain we're looking at every option available. 
 And considering all of those variables, Corebridge has done a significant amount of work working with AIG and independently to position itself to be a separate public company. It's done an exceptional job. We're completed, most of our transition service agreements, which just means they're more operationally prepared to go. 
 And so again, subject to market conditions, I think my guidance I gave last quarter stands. We would expect to try and do something before the end of the second quarter. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then my follow-up is on the new share count target that you provided for the end of '25, that 550 million to 600 million. I'm just trying to get a case of -- what the base case is for just Corebridge within that. Does that assume additional secondaries? If you did an exchange offer, would that be accretive to that share count target? I just want to get a sense of when you guys came up with this 550 million to 600 million, what you're assuming for Corebridge within that share count target. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks, Elyse. I think while we gave the guidance into 2025 is -- what I said in my prepared remarks is that by the end of the second quarter, if we exercise on the share repurchases that we've outlined, we would be at the higher end of the range of the 600 million to 650 million. And if we continue the $1.5 billion a quarter, which, yes, would contemplate doing a sell-down of Corebridge. But there's other forms of liquidity that come into AIG, but we would need to sell down to be able to do the $1.5 billion in the third and fourth quarter, but that gets us to the lower end of the range.
 And then as we continue to do future sell-downs, we would get below the 600 million share count, which is why we decided to give a little bit more guidance as we get into 2025. It does not include a sell-down to 0, but it does contemplate several transactions that would take place in the next 4 quarters. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous. 
Ryan Tunis: Just a follow-up, I guess, on that last question, Peter. Just, I guess, the messaging on the $10 billion share repurchase authorization. Are you trying to say that the intention is to do kind of no more than $10 billion until the end of '25? Or is that -- should we just take this as an update of what you think you can do based on what you're seeing today? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I would take it as just an update. We would have gone past our current Board authorization with the 2025 guidance and worked very closely with the AIG Board of Directors to talk about what we expected the capital management strategy to be in the next 6 quarters. And that's really how we derive the $10 billion. But I wouldn't think about it anything more than that. 
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then a follow-up, I guess, just thinking about the reinsurance. And obviously, you're continuing to add more, but you're saying potentially, like in the future, maybe scaling back on that a bit could be a way you could use some of your excess capital. 
 Could you just talk a little bit about, I guess, how we should think about how the gross underwriting, I guess, has improved at AIG over the past few years? And yes, like what would make you comfortable -- because we only see stuff on a net basis, but like what would give you comfort in retaining more net? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Well, in terms of the portfolio, I'm comfortable today taking more net. But what we've done over this multiyear period in terms of strategically positioning the reinsurance is working very closely with our reinsurance partners, looking across multiple lines of business and multiple geographies in the placement of reinsurance. And then also making certain that we control volatility in this period of transition. That's been really important.
 I want to emphasize that because we not only are looking at our accident year combined ratios, excluding catastrophe, we have kept our retentions or lowered them in a period of high uncertainty and high volatility because we don't want to have any outsized losses or surprises perhaps or an active cat season. 
 Also, I think we're very different than other insurance companies in terms of how we purchase reinsurance. It's not done at the business level. It is not done within just the finance function or treasury, it's done -- reports directly to me. And so I work very closely with Charlie Fry, work very closely with Sabra in terms of what our risk appetite is going to be for that particular year. And we've protected capital and had more quality earnings as a result of some of the reinsurance that we place. 
 A couple of examples of things that are just very good, but impacted the first quarter is switching more to excess of loss in certain segments like energy, we transitioned and proportionally signed down a little bit of the quota share. But it wasn't economic because we ended up getting a better outcome on the quota share with 200 basis points of improvement. So it's just repositioning the portfolio. Did the same thing with property cat.
 And the reason I just gave the example on our earnings and sort of prepared remarks is just, on property cat, we can absolutely take more net if we decide to as we enter 2025, depending on the portfolio and depending on our appetite for volatility. We'll still have one of the lowest attachment points of any of our peers across the world.
 We enhanced coverage. There's a lot more coverage in our property cat. We've enhanced our high net worth business in terms of excess of loss and more comprehensive coverage. And also -- again, and I'll stop here because I could go on for hours on this discussion, but is on casualty, we renewed or improved our overall construct across the globe based on the quality of our growth portfolio. 
 So to start thinking about ways in which we can do reinsurance differently will not have anything really to do with the gross portfolio because they're very much like that. It's more of where do we want volatility and where do we want to take more net? And we see opportunities as we enter 2025. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. 
Robert Cox: First question on underwriting leverage. If I take comments on capital at the insurance companies with opportunities in Property post the sale of Validus, it seems like AIG could meaningfully increase underwriting leverage here, which could obviously contribute to the 10%-plus ROCE. Could you provide any additional color on how you're thinking about underwriting leverage here, and maybe some metrics you'd point us to? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sure. I'll ask Sabra to comment on some of the leverage within the insurance company subsidiaries. We see great opportunities for us to grow within -- across the world. And you've mentioned Property and specifics. We have significantly reduced PMLs, which means we have aggregate to grow. And we have the capital to grow. 
 And the interesting part of AIG is that when we look at Property, we have so many different points of entry depending on the risk-adjusted returns that exist. If I start in the United States, and this is not all inclusive, but just as a few examples, we have Lexington E&S property, we have Retail Property, we have the high net worth business, and that can be done on an admitted or non-admitted basis. We have Retail Property. In International, we have Japan Property that's specific to Japan. We have Talbot. And we have Global Specialty. So there's so many different points of entry. Depending on the risk-adjusted returns, we can scale up or scale down, but believe that there's going to be great opportunities for us in the future. 
 Yes. I mean, the first quarter tempered on Property. But look, we're not in the cat season yet, and our industry is famous of just framing out the market at a point in time. We got a long ways to go this year in terms of where the opportunities exist, but we absolutely have the leverage to  grow if we like the risk-adjusted returns. 
 Sabra, do you want to comment on that? 
Sabra Purtill: Yes. Thank you, Peter. What I would just observe is, as we've stated in the past, and I'll reiterate today, all of our General Insurance subsidiaries or Tier 1 subsidiaries on a global basis have capital at or above our target ranges. And within the United States pool, which is the largest pool of our General Insurance capital, our risk-based capital ratios at the end of last year were around 460%, which is well higher than many of our peers.
 So what I would note is that within the General Insurance companies, we're strongly capitalized to be able to support growth, obviously, protected by the reinsurance programs that we have. But I would just, as a general note, comment that premiums to surplus leverage isn't the best way to look at capital within a General Insurance company, particularly given a company like AIG, which is a leading player in Casualty and Specialty lines across the globe. 
Robert Cox: That's really helpful color. Yes, just a follow-up on Excess Casualty. I appreciate the comments. The premiums were up 46% in the quarter, and it seems like pricing is up meaningfully. It seems like AIG is taking advantage of market conditions where perhaps some others are pulling back. So I was hoping you could provide a little bit more commentary on the opportunities you're seeing there. And what makes AIG comfortable with the current environment? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you. We do see great opportunities in Casualty. We highlighted some of the performance in the quarter. We had to start, because of the portfolio that existed, reunderwriting the Casualty portfolio well before, I think, it was discussed really in the industry. And with that, became a new underwriting philosophy, new underwriting strategy, new terms and conditions, new attachment points, net limit, gross limits, pricing, margin. And so that's been a journey for us for years. 
 We mentioned the 16% in Excess Casualty in terms of rate is as strong as we've seen in the past several years. And so that we do think there's a lot of capacity pulling back. We have very comprehensive reinsurance to mitigate volatility and enable us to put out limits depending on our risk appetite. And obviously, we're cautious. We're watching the different lines of business within Casualty and their trends, but absolutely see opportunities to grow. 
 And when you look at our premium, don't think about it as we've grown policy count or limit, it's actually the opposite. I mean, like our client count, policy count and limits are all dramatically reduced when you compare them to 3 or 4 years ago. It's just been the effect of where we participated and how we price the business. And believe that, again, we're going to be cautious, but there are real opportunities for growth in the current market. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ward with Citigroup. 
Michael Ward: I'm a little bit curious just on the potential sell-down of Corebridge. How do you weigh the options between doing several smaller chunks of sell-down from here versus maybe the potential for doing a sell-down of the remaining stake? And then another thing on the other side, right, we sort of think about this $500 million a month buyback. Is there the option to potentially do an ASR post sell-down? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I wish I could provide a little bit more detail on the first part of the question. We're looking at all alternatives, all size. I mean, so much is market-dependent. You have certain windows. And we want to make sure -- we have multiple stakeholders, I mean, within Corebridge shareholders, AIG shareholders, so sort of balancing that is really important for us.
 But as I said in my answer and prepared remarks, we're ready to go. Everybody is anxious to move forward, but we're going to make sure we do it in a very methodical way to where we don't do anything that's not in the best interest of all that we've done so far and our stakeholders. So we will consider multiple options and keep everybody updated. 
 On the ASR, I mean, I think we've largely thought about this, and Sabra, if you want to comment to close out. We've done share repurchase in a methodical way. We always consider different ways in which we can do it. But maybe you can just comment, and then I'll close it out. 
Sabra Purtill: Yes, thanks. The thing you should keep in mind is that with the amount of shares that we can repurchase or can be repurchased by a company in any given month, whether it's an ASR or it's a 10b5-1 plan or open market purchases, it's constrained by the same factor, which is the average daily trading volume. 
 We have looked at doing ASRs. And to date, what we've preferred to do is just be consistently in the market every day through a 10b5-1 plan. But it's certainly something if we were to do a larger sale of a Corebridge stake where we wanted to redeploy that quickly and get the benefit of that into our share count, then an ASR is a tool that we can use to do that. But in terms of the volume per month, it doesn't really vary that different, whether it's an ASR or a 10b5-1. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Sabra. And in closing, I just want to thank all of our colleagues around the world for their continued dedication, teamwork, execution on all the progress we've made. And I want to thank everybody for joining us today and your questions. Everybody, have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Fourth Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded.
 Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, and good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change.  
 Today's remarks may also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at aig.com.  
 Additionally, note that today's remarks will include results of AIG's Life and Retirement segment and other operations on the same basis as prior quarters, which is how we expect to continue to report until the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial. AIG's segments and U.S. GAAP financial results as well as AIG's key financial metrics with respect thereto differ from those reported by Corebridge Financial. Corebridge Financial will host its earnings call on Thursday, February 15.  
 Finally, today's remarks, as they relate to net premiums written in General Insurance, are presented on a comparable basis, which reflects year-over-year comparison on a constant dollar basis adjusted for the international lag elimination, the sale of Crop Risk Services and the sale of Validus Re. Please refer to the footnote on Page 26 of the fourth quarter financial supplement for prior period results for the Crop business and Validus Re.  
 With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to review our fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results. Following my remarks, Sabra will provide more detail on the quarter and some perspective on the year, and then we'll take questions. Kevin Hogan and David McElroy will join us for the Q&A portion of the call.  
 We had a very strong fourth quarter, which highlighted a significant year of achievements at AIG. Throughout 2023, we continue to build on our underwriting excellence; repositioned the portfolio through several divestitures; made meaningful progress towards the deconsolidation of Corebridge, including 3 secondary sell-downs; delivered disciplined premium growth in businesses where we have scale and outstanding combined ratios; and continue to execute on our balanced capital management strategy. I'm very proud of the work our colleagues delivered for all of our stakeholders throughout the entire year.  
 In the fourth quarter, adjusted after-tax income per diluted common share was $1.79, an increase of 29% year-over-year driven by continued strong underwriting results, 17% growth in net investment income and excellent execution of our balanced capital management strategy that resulted in a 6% reduction in diluted common shares outstanding. For the full year 2023, adjusted after-tax income per diluted common share was $6.79, an increase of 33% over 2022. AIG overall produced an adjusted return on common equity of 9% for the year, up from 7% in 2022. As I will share with you today, 2023 was an extraordinary year for AIG. 
 During my remarks this morning, I'll discuss the following topics. First, I will provide an overview of our fourth quarter financial results. Second, I will review AIG's significant accomplishments in 2023, including our strategic repositioning and our financial highlights. Sabra will comment on the Life Retirement business in her prepared remarks. Third, I will cover insights on the January 1 reinsurance market and specifically AIG's reinsurance renewals. And finally, I'll share some thoughts on how we're building on our momentum and positioning the company as we enter 2024, including some specifics on AIG Next, our initiative focused on creating the AIG of the future. I will also discuss our capital management strategy and growth expectations.  
 AIG's strong fourth quarter results demonstrated our continued execution across all aspects of our strategy. Within General Insurance, underwriting income was $642 million. Gross premiums written for the fourth quarter were $7.6 billion, an increase of 4% from the prior year quarter. Net premiums written for the quarter increased by 7% from the prior year quarter to $5.7 billion. Global Commercial grew 5%, and Global Personal grew 9% from the prior year quarter. If you exclude Financial Lines, Global Commercial would have grown 11%.  
 In North America Commercial, fourth quarter net premiums written grew 5% over the prior year quarter led by Retail Property, which grew 32%; Lexington, which grew 20%. These were offset by North America Financial Lines, which was lower by 13%. In International Commercial, fourth quarter net premiums written grew 6% over the prior year quarter as International Property grew 28% and Talbot grew 12%. These were offset by International Financial Lines, which was lower by 7%.  
 In the fourth quarter, Global Commercial had very strong renewal retention of 86% in its in-force portfolio as well as very strong new business performance. North America Commercial produced new business of $503 million in the quarter, an increase of 21% year-over-year. The growth was led by Retail Casualty, Lexington and Retail Property. International Commercial produced new business of $467 million for the quarter, representing an increase of 14% year-over-year. This growth was led by Global Specialty and Talbot.  
 Moving to rate. In North America Commercial, overall rate increased 4% in the fourth quarter with exposure adding 3 points, and the overall pricing was up 7%. In North America Commercial, if you exclude Financial Lines and workers' compensation, overall rate would have increased 11% in the quarter. And with exposure adding 4 points, overall pricing would have been 15%, meaningfully above the loss cost trend.  
 North America Commercial rate increases were driven by Lexington wholesale, which was up 17%; Retail Property, which was up 19%; and Excess Casualty, which was up 13%. In International Commercial, overall rate increased 3% in the fourth quarter with exposure adding 2 points, and the overall pricing was up 5%, which is slightly below loss cost trend. The rate increase was driven by Property, which was up 12% and marine, which was up 8%.  
 Turning to Personal Insurance. Fourth quarter net premiums written increased 9% from the prior year quarter, primarily driven by North America. In North America Personal, net premiums written increased 37% in the quarter. As we've seen in prior quarters in 2023, the significant premium growth for North America Personal was driven by our high net worth business. And as we discussed in prior quarters, the growth in North America earned premium continued to generate a lower expense ratio, and we expect the expense ratio will continue to improve in 2024.  
 Now let me turn to the full year financial results. 2023 was another year of meaningful strategic repositioning and was, in many ways, our best year yet. The repositioning included the disposition of Validus Re and Crop Risk Services, which generated a combined $3.5 billion of proceeds, including a pre-close dividend.  
 Additionally, we settled a $1 billion intercompany loan from Validus Re to AIG and received approximately $250 million of RenaissanceRe common stock. The changes to our portfolio further reduced volatility and allowed us to focus on businesses where we believe we have better opportunities for stronger risk-adjusted returns.  
 We reshaped the reinsurance structure of our high net worth business and launched a newly formed MGA called Private Client Select. We made significant progress towards Corebridge's separation, another major strategic milestone on our journey to becoming a less complex company.  
 We completed 3 secondary offerings in 2023 that generated approximately $2.9 billion in cash, we worked with Corebridge on the divestiture of Laya Healthcare and announced the sale of the U.K. Life business. In 2023, AIG received $1.4 billion of capital from Corebridge through $385 million of regular dividends, $688 million of special dividends and $315 million of share repurchases. At the end of 2023, our ownership stake in Corebridge was approximately 52%.  
 In 2023, we continue to execute on a thoughtful and balanced capital management strategy. During the year, AIG returned $4 billion of capital to shareholders through $3 billion of share repurchases and $1 billion of dividends. We reduced our common shares outstanding by 6% and increased quarterly dividends by 12.5%.  
 On August 1, the AIG Board of Directors increased our share buyback authorization of $7.5 billion. At the year-end 2023, we had $6.2 billion remaining on that authorization. We reduced AIG net debt by $1.4 billion in 2023 after successfully conducting a senior notes tender offer in November. We finished 2023 with very strong parent liquidity of $7.6 billion, which gives us ample capacity to continue executing on our capital management priorities.  
 Turning to the full year results for General Insurance. Throughout 2023, we delivered terrific financial performance. General Insurance full year underwriting income was $2.3 billion, a 15% increase year-over-year. For the full year, the General Insurance accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 87.7%, an improvement of 100 basis points year-over-year.  
 Global Commercial achieved an accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, of 83.3% for the full year, an improvement of 120 basis points year-over-year driven by loss ratio improvement. The calendar year combined ratio was 87.1%, a 250 basis point improvement year-over-year.  
 Excluding Validus Re and Crop Risk Services for the full year results, the Global Commercial accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, would have increased by 50 basis points to 83.8%, and the calendar year combined ratio would have increased by slightly over 20 basis points to 87.3%.  
 In Global Personal, the full year accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 99.3%, in line with the prior year. For the full year, General Insurance grew net premiums written by 7% year-over-year, driven by 5% growth in Global Commercial and 10% in Personal Insurance. North America Commercial grew 5% and International Commercial grew 6% year-over-year.  
 A couple of highlights. Lexington and Global Specialty had outstanding years. We remain very focused on these businesses and made investments to accelerate growth and continue to deliver strong underwriting profitability.  
 Lexington grew its net premiums written by 17% year-over-year. Growth was driven by historically high retention, which was 80%, $1 billion of new business and rate increases of approximately 18%.  
 Global Specialty, which includes businesses in marine, energy, trade credit and aviation, grew its net premiums written 10% year-over-year driven by 88% retention, almost $750 million of new business and rate increases of 7% for the year.  
 Also, there are 2 parts of our business that impacted growth in Global Commercial, which I would like to offer some perspective. First, if you exclude Financial Lines, our net premiums written growth would have been 10%.  
 Second, as we've outlined on prior calls, we decided to not renew 2 programs that had significant property catastrophe exposure that no longer met our underwriting guidelines. We do not believe that the premium increases on a risk-adjusted basis for these 2 programs delivered an acceptable return. The decision to nonrenew impacted the gross and net premiums written for Lexington specifically as well as the Global Commercial business throughout 2023. If you exclude Financial Lines and these 2 programs that I just mentioned, our year-over-year net premiums written growth would have been 13%, which gives you a sense as to why we have significant confidence in our core portfolio where we saw meaningful overall growth for the year.  
 It's worth providing a little bit more detail on Financial Lines. In Financial Lines, particularly in our public directors and officers book of business, we continue to exercise underwriting discipline by maintaining our primary position in our portfolio to being very prudent on large account excess layers, where there is significant exposure to vertical loss, and these layers are highly commoditized where typically the best price wins.  
 We've spoken about the cumulative rate change in Financial Lines before, but I want to provide a little bit more detail. The compound annual growth rate for Financial Lines achieved from 2019 through 2023 was 49%. If you exclude 2023, the compound annual growth rate was 63%. It's a business we're very focused on and our underwriters are continuing to carefully monitor market conditions and underwrite conservatively.  
 Now I'd like to provide you with some insight into the current reinsurance market generally and an overview of our January 1 reinsurance renewals. As I mentioned on previous calls, AIG's reinsurance purchasing is deliberately weighted to January 1, which enables us to strategically optimize the outcome across our reinsurance placements and provides us with clarity on our cost of reinsurance at the beginning of the year.  
 Before I go into detail on this year's outcomes, I want to speak about how we evaluate our reinsurance purchased. We've seen significant changes in the global property market over the last 2 years, and analyzing and quantifying changes and the portfolio's risk profile has become increasingly complex.  
 Currently, one of the most overused phrases that has been used with more frequency in the last year is risk-adjusted pricing or risk-adjusted rate changes, which have multiple interpretations, particularly when it comes to property treaty reinsurance. Calculating the risk-adjusted rate change can be complicated and is often inconsistent. I want to outline how AIG determines risk-adjusted pricing changes, which we believe is an industry-best practice.  
 To begin, you must determine the baseline structure and all the variables required to assess and quantify the risk-adjusted pricing change. To do that, the base analysis should be set at the identical structure and coverage with the exact terms and conditions of the prior year structure. The analysis needs to compare the cost of capital year-over-year and any model changes from vendor model output such as RMS to determine if the loss costs have increased or decreased at the attachment point and the vertical limits deployed.  
 Also, an analysis is needed for any changes to the coverage provided in the treaty placement. For instance, over the last few years, many programs have gone from an all-risk coverage basis to a named or peak peril basis.
 To correctly calculate the risk-adjusted rate change, perils no longer covered need to be analyzed and priced separately and the impact of any reduced coverage should be factored into the assessment of the price change. This can be particularly difficult when assessing perils that would not be economically viable to place on a standalone basis with significant limits, which could include wildfire, flood or terrorism. There needs to be consideration given to the volatility associated with the expected loss in calculating the risk-adjusted rate change.  
 Given the complexity of these calculations, the methodologies applied should be done with consistency and discipline. When applying the methodology I just described, AIG had a tremendous outcome with our reinsurance partners at the January 1 renewal season, building upon the very strong result achieved in a very challenging market in 2023.  
 Now let me turn to AIG's reinsurance renewals at January 1 of this year. To level set, the natural catastrophe insured loss activity remained at the forefront of the market with a record-setting 37 events in 2023 that exceed $1 billion of insured loss. These events contributed to a total annual insured loss currently estimated at over $100 billion, marking the sixth time in the past 7 years that insured loss from natural catastrophes has exceeded $100 billion. Over the last 7 years, there's been nearly $1 trillion of aggregate losses with over 60% driven by secondary perils.  
 The headline is that we were able to significantly improve our property cat structure and reinsurance coverage provided. When you review what we purchased last year, including for Validus Re, the overall spend has reduced by approximately $200 million and our core property treaties, excluding Validus Re, have slightly lower ceded premium year-over-year.  
 Let's start with our property catastrophe placements. Our core commercial North America retention of $500 million remained unchanged for the second straight year. The attachment on our dedicated Lexington occurrence tower was unchanged at $300 million. In both cases, the model [ detachment ] point is lower, and the exhaust limit is higher.  
 Our International Property cat per current structures renewed with a reduced retention in Japan to $150 million, a $50 million improvement from the prior year. The rest of the world attachment remains unchanged at $125 million.  
 We were very pleased to have achieved broader coverage across all of our core occurrence towers. With nominal attachment points unchanged, or in the case of Japan decreasing, the model probability of attaching our cat reinsurance improved with respect to key perils and across every major territory following the growth achieved in the property portfolio in 2023.  
 Our property cat aggregate cover was also successfully renewed with improved coverage, further reducing our volatility from frequency of loss. The aggregate now includes a standalone supplement dedicated to losses in North America arising from secondary perils. Importantly, it also now covers contributing losses from our high net worth portfolio. 
 Our annual aggregate deductible for North America is $825 million. The North America other perils deductible is $350 million, which is a new deductible. And Japan and the rest of the world deductibles are $200 million and $175 million, respectively. These are subject to each and every loss deductibles of $20 million other than for North America wind and earthquake, which are at $50 million.  
 Our return period attachment point is lower year-over-year. For all of our major proportional treaties across a range of classes, we improved or maintained our ceding commission levels, reflecting our market-leading underwriting expertise and position in the market.  
 Turning to casualty. The challenges we've spoken about previously regarding the impact of inflation, both social and economic and litigation funding in the U.S. were a focal point for reinsurers at 1/1.  
 For casualty at AIG, we remain very focused on our underwriting standards and the positioning of the portfolio. Our team has done a terrific job of reunderwriting the entire business, particularly considering the amount of work that was needed to reposition it to where it is today.  
 Additionally, our pricing assumptions today have loss trends ranging from the high single digits to over 10%. These were increased over the past 2 years, given inflationary dynamics.  
 I do want to make a few comments about the last 10 years of casualty results for the industry. The industry as a whole has reported meaningful reserve releases in 4 of the past 10 calendar years, including in calendar year 2017. At the same time, there have been 6 years of significant reported industry strengthening in the last 10 calendar years, including in all of the most recent 5 calendar years.  
 Focusing on AIG, for accident years 2016 through 2019, our initial loss picks in our Casualty lines, excluding workers' compensation, averaged 78%. Looking specifically at accident years 2016 and '17, the initial loss picks were approximately 81% in both years. These loss picks exclude unallocated loss adjustment expense.  
 We significantly strengthened the reserves by over $1 billion for accident years 2016 through 2019, which revised our year-end ultimate loss picks to 91% in 2016 and 96% in 2017 at an average of 87% over accident years 2016 through 2019. To further analyze our casualty results compared to industry results for other liability and commercial auto using the most recent Schedule P data, they are well above the average industry loss picks on both measures.  
 Our initial and year-end ultimates for both lines are roughly 10 to 20 points higher than the overall industry average. In addition, we have reinsurance in place for 2016 and 2017 to mitigate our gross results. As we outlined last quarter, we put a comprehensive reinsurance treaty in place starting 2018 that provides us with substantial amount of vertical protection. 
 Our renewal of the casualty reinsurance protections allowed us to maintain the same net retained lines with no impact on ceding commissions, which is an outstanding outcome. At January 1, our reinsurance partners maintained their significant support of AIG with consistent capacity and improved reinsurance terms that demonstrate a clear recognition of the quality of our portfolio and our underwriting teams.  
 I'll now turn to discuss our efforts to create a future state business structure for AIG post deconsolidation of Corebridge. As part of this effort, we've launched a new program, AIG Next, to create a company that's leaner, less complex and more effective with the appropriate infrastructure and capabilities for the size of business we will be post deconsolidation.  
 AIG Next will focus on the following key principles: driving global consistency and local relevancy across our end-to-end processes to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness, reducing organizational complexity to create a better and differentiated experience for our clients and colleagues, creating an agile and scalable organization to support business growth, optimizing our ecosystem to modernize our data analytics, digital and technology capabilities, clarifying roles' responsibilities while eliminating duplication and increasing our speed of execution.  
 As we've stated in the past, we expect the simplification and efficiencies created through this program to generate $500 million of sustained annual run rate savings and to incur approximately $500 million of onetime spend to achieve these savings. As part of AIG Next, we are creating a leaner parent company with a target cost structure of 1% to 1.5% of net premiums earned. Some of the current costs and other operations will be eliminated contributing to the $500 million savings, and others will be moved into the business where the service is utilized. 
 In 2023, we began this work, as we've moved approximately $140 million of expenses from other operations into General Insurance for services that are more closely aligned to our business operations. Even with this shift, the full year combined ratio of 90.6% improved 130 basis points year-over-year, and the full year GOE ratio only increased 40 basis points due to offsetting savings within General Insurance.  
 Throughout the year, we've built efficiencies into our business, which have allowed general insurers to absorb these costs. We've already begun to make meaningful progress against our $500 million savings target and have established a team to drive and govern the AIG Next program with focus and discipline.  
 Sabra and I will provide more detail on next quarter's call regarding the specific cost to achieve by category and the expected timeline for the realized benefits in 2024 and 2025. As we are approaching the final steps of the Corebridge deconsolidation, we remain agile and continue to explore all options based on market conditions with respect to our remaining ownership of Corebridge, always focusing on what's aligned with the best interest of our stakeholders.  
 Sabra will take you through a pro forma capital structure based on assumptions about the deconsolidation. Throughout 2024, we expect to continue to execute the capital management strategy we've outlined before. Our insurance company subsidiaries continue to have excess capital to support the type of organic growth we have seen through 2023 and would expect to see in the future. We made enormous progress on our debt structure and maturities. Since year-end 2021, we've reduced over 50% of AIG's debt outstanding, which is over $11 billion of debt reduction.  
 The primary focus in 2024 will be on returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Since the start of 2024, we have repurchased an additional $760 million of common shares. We expect to continue at this pace for the first half of 2024, subject to market conditions, which should bring us near the high end of our target share count range.  
 Post Corebridge deconsolidation, we should achieve the low end of our range, which is approximately 600 million of common shares. The AIG Board increased the dividend in 2023, reflecting our confidence in the future earnings power of AIG, and we will continue to evaluate our dividend policy in 2024.  
 And lastly, as I enter my seventh year at AIG, I've never been more optimistic about our opportunities for growth and the momentum that AIG has entering 2024. We now have a terrific business. Global Commercial, which we've been working on for years to reposition, is now one of the most respected portfolios in the industry.  
 While there's always pruning to do in any business, the remediation is now behind us. We're well positioned to grow based on AIG's strong retention, strong opportunities for new business, excellent combined ratios and a company that has been able to distinguish itself amongst our clients and distribution partners.  
 In Personal Insurance, we will continue to make investments, particularly in our Japan business, our global A&H business and our high net worth business where we anticipate continued growth and more importantly, profitability improvement.  
 With that, I will turn the call over to Sabra. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Peter. This morning, I will provide more detail on AIG's fourth quarter results. But first, as we are getting closer to Corebridge deconsolidation, I would like to start with an illustrative pro forma.  
 With AIG's current ownership of Corebridge at 52%, the next transaction may likely result in deconsolidation. Today, Corebridge is consolidated in both AIG's balance sheet and income statement with offsets of noncontrolling interest for the portion that AIG does not own. You can see those adjustments in the financial supplement on Pages 8 and 11.  
 When we deconsolidate, we will report Corebridge as an investment with dividends reported in net investment income and Corebridge shares included in parent investments. Corebridge's balance sheet and income statement will no longer be in our financials.  
 If we were able to deconsolidate Corebridge now, accounting rules require us to fair value their assets and liabilities and recognize the net difference between that valuation and the current GAAP carrying value in AIG's equity. That process also includes some changes primarily driven by differences in basis and deconsolidation of variable investment entities.  
 The example I will provide is a hypothetical pro forma view. Please remember that there are many factors, and each one impacts the output. This view builds on the remarks I provided last quarter about pro forma adjusted shareholders' equity.  
 For simplicity, in this example, we used Corebridge's current stock price as a proxy for fair value. But the process is more complicated than that and is more dependent on interest rates than stock price as the investment portfolio has to be valued on the day of deconsolidation, which will change based on interest rates.  
 As a very high-level illustration, as of year-end, the fair value of Corebridge's net assets and liabilities was about $2 billion higher than the book value on AIG's balance sheet. As a result, deconsolidation would have increased AIG's book value per share by almost $3 a share.  
 However, for AIG's adjusted shareholders' equity, the fair value adjustment would have resulted in a reduction of about $4 billion or around $6 per AIG share, given Corebridge's stock price relative to its adjusted book value.  
 Now let me link these items to the AIG year-end pro forma estimates that I provided last quarter of adjusted shareholders' equity of approximately $33 billion, adjusted for the sale of Validus Re, to be used in evaluating the ROCE target.  
 At December 31, 2023, AIG's adjusted shareholders' equity was approximately $53 billion. With the pro forma fair value decrease of $4 billion at deconsolidation, adjusted shareholders' equity would be roughly $49 billion, including about $8 billion of value for our Corebridge shares.  
 To get to the E, we subtract the value of Corebridge shares. And for the purposes of this exercise today, we also subtract year-end parent liquidity of almost $8 billion, most of which is to be used for 2024 capital management, interest and other parent expenses as Peter described. That results in pro forma adjusted shareholders' equity of about $33 billion invested in our business plus whatever liquidity is at the parent as the focus of our 10%-plus target. This example is illustrative based on year-end financials and subject to change based on markets and the actual path to deconsolidation, but I hope it is helpful.  
 Now I will turn to fourth quarter results. Fourth quarter consolidated net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.5 billion, up 17% over the fourth quarter of 2022. General Insurance net investment income was 38%, while Life and Retirement was up 15%. Higher new money reinvestment rates in both businesses drove the improvement.  
 Fourth quarter new money rates on fixed maturities and loans averaged 6.5%, about 180 basis points higher than the yield on sales and maturities in the quarter. Fourth quarter new money rates were 160 basis points higher in GI and 190 basis points higher in L&R.  
 With higher reinvestment rates, the yield on General Insurance fixed maturities and loans, excluding calls and prepayments, rose to an annualized yield of 3.8% in the quarter, up from 3.0% in 4Q '22 and up 9 basis points sequentially. L&R's fourth quarter portfolio yield was 5.0% compared to 4.4% in 4Q '22 and up 10 basis points sequentially. In the first half of 2024, we currently expect continued yield pickup on fixed maturities over the prior year but less improvement sequentially, given the cessation of Fed interest rate hikes and the current shape of the yield curve. 
 In contrast, alternative investment returns were weak this year, coming in slightly negative in the fourth quarter and at only 2.4% for the full year. GI alternative income was $41 million in the fourth quarter, down 11% from the prior year quarter for an annualized return of 3.9%. L&R's alternative portfolio generated a loss of $24 million in the quarter for an annualized yield of negative 1.8% compared to income of $16 million last year.  
 Turning to General Insurance. As Peter said, our underwriting results remain very strong. The 4Q '23 calendar year combined ratio was 89.1%, 80 basis points better than the fourth quarter of 2022. And the accident year combined ratio ex cats was 87.9%, 50 basis points better.  
 Global Commercial Lines delivered outstanding fourth quarter results with a calendar year combined ratio of 85.4%, a 90 basis point improvement over the prior year. The accident year combined ratio ex cats was 82.4%, a 170 basis point improvement reflecting exceptional underwriting profitability in both North America and International.  
 The fourth quarter included only 1 month of Validus Re due to the timing of the divestiture. Excluding Validus Re from fourth quarter results, the pro forma Global Commercial Lines calendar year combined ratio would have been 85.1%, 30 basis points lower than reported. The accident year combined ratio ex cats would have been 82.5%, only 10 basis points higher.  
 The fourth quarter calendar year combined ratio for Global Personal Insurance was 98.8%, 90 basis points better than 4Q '22. The accident year combined ratio ex cats was 101.8%, 140 basis points higher driven by the repositioning of the high net worth business, which made significant progress in 2023.  
 Fourth quarter underwriting income for GI was $642 million, up slightly from $635 million in 4Q '22 as improved accident year results, including catastrophe losses, were offset by lower favorable prior year development, net of reinsurance and prior year premiums. Catastrophe losses totaled $126 million in the quarter, down from $235 million last year. The largest event was Hurricane Otis in Mexico.  
 For the fourth quarter and the year, catastrophe losses, excluding Validus Re, would have been $111 million and $937 million, respectively. Favorable prior year development totaled $69 million in the fourth quarter compared to $151 million in 4Q '22. Including the impact of prior year premiums, the total impact of prior year loss reserve development was favorable by $37 million compared to favorable development of $150 million in 4Q '22.  
 Fourth quarter net favorable development this quarter includes $41 million of ADC gain amortization and $28 million of net favorable development from annual DVRs and other reserve reviews, particularly prior year catastrophes. The $28 million included $75 million in additional reserves for Russia-Ukraine related claims, offset by net favorable development on shorter tail lines and older catastrophes.  
 Turning to L&R. Fourth quarter results were solid, especially considering the continued headwinds from alternative investment returns. Fourth quarter APTI was $957 million, up 12% over the prior year driven by base spread expansion, strong sales and growth in assets under management and administration. Base net investment spreads in Individual and Group Retirement together widened 23 basis points in the quarter.  
 Fourth quarter premiums and deposits were $10.6 billion, up 20% from 4Q '22. For the fourth quarter, Corebridge's earnings included in AIG adjusted after-tax income decreased by about 25% due to the reduction in AIG ownership from 78% last year to 52% as of year-end. For the full year, Corebridge earnings in our adjusted after-tax income declined 20%.  
 Turning to other operations. Fourth quarter 2023 adjusted pretax loss improved by $52 million from 4Q '22 due to a $72 million reduction in AIG general operating expenses. Total other operations GOE was $242 million for the quarter, including $61 million for Corebridge.  
 On a consolidated basis, AIG's fourth quarter adjusted after-tax income rose 21% to $1.3 billion driven by 19% growth in General Insurance APTI. The annualized adjusted return on common equity was 9.4% for the quarter, almost 2 points higher than the fourth quarter of 2022.  
 Moving to the balance sheet. Book value per common share ended the year at $65.14, up 18% from year-end 2022 and up 16% from September 30, primarily due to the impact of lower interest rates. Adjusted book value per share was $76.65 at year-end, up 1% from year-end 2022 and down 2% for September 30, reflecting the net impact of income, dividends, share repurchases and Corebridge secondary sales.  
 At December 31, AIG's consolidated debt and preferred stock to total capital, excluding AOCI, was 24.3%, down 1.3 points from year-end 2022. With first quarter 2024 debt reduction, leverage is likely to be at the low end of our 20% to 25% range upon deconsolidation.  
 As Peter noted, we made substantial progress towards our 10%-plus ROCE goal this year. 2023 full year adjusted ROCE for AIG was 9.0% compared to 7.1% in 2022 and was 12.5% in General Insurance and 11.5% in L&R. The actions to reach 10% or greater will be driven by the 4 levers we have discussed before, including AIG Next. We are confident in our ability to achieve this goal, subject to market conditions and look forward to updating you on our progress.  
 With that, I will turn the call back over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you, Sabra. Michelle, we're ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. 
Michael Zaremski: Maybe first on the expense ratio. I appreciate the color, Peter, you gave us on the continued improvement. Anything -- looks like this quarter, specifically, though, it took -- it was a bit higher than expected. Anything we should be thinking about? Or I don't know, if it's profit share, given the excellent loss ratio or just anything, any noise in there or seasonality? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Mike. We outlined in my script that the business has been taking a lot of additional costs. Think about cyber and usage on the cloud. And so that might have been held centrally in the past. That has now been put into the business. And so you see that they're absorbing most of it, but there is some timing on that. 
 Also in Personal Insurance, there is a lot of noise in the quarter. There's some onetime true-up adjustments. There's also some profit sharing, as you mentioned, in some of our Personal Insurance businesses. And so -- and there was also some catch-up on some of the reinsurance on earned premium. 
 So I'm not concerned at all about the uptick in expenses. It was very nominal. When I look at what the business has actually absorbed in terms of increased costs year-over-year, they've really built capacity to be able to invest in the future. And the fourth quarter reflected that, but there was a little bit of noise as well, particularly on the Personal Insurance side. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Great. And then my final follow-up is on the -- specifically on the accident year loss ratio. You've -- the Validus is property-centric, and it's going to be kind of fully out of the numbers next quarter. You talked about nonrenewing some property throughout the year. 
 And I understand Financial Lines has got a lot of pricing, but Financial Lines pricing isn't great trailing 12-month basis. So just on the underlying loss ratio, given just all the dynamics, should we be thinking about any material changes to the underlying loss ratio as the year progresses, given the moving parts? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I don't think so. I think the accident year loss ratio that we finished the year is what I would expect in 2024. Like you said, there's always a mix of business changes. There's always a little bit of noise. There could be some shift in composition. As you mentioned, property, we think we have tremendous opportunities there based on having 5 or 6 entry points across the world in terms of getting the best risk-adjusted returns. 
 When I look at what we've done in property over the last 5 years, we've gone from combined ratios in North America that are well north of 130 combined into the 70s and 80s now. So I think we have a really good platform. We're able to scale up businesses when we see opportunities. But I would think absent big mix of business changes, I would not expect any changes in the loss ratio. 
 And I signaled on the call that the remediation is largely behind us. I mean, again, you're always going to be reunderwriting, but large programs or portions of the business in commercial, we really like what we have, and I think that there's real good opportunities for growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Great. One quick question just to make sure I understand it. So you talked about pricing assumptions for casualty, assuming loss trends of either high single digits or low teens. Did that match the loss trends embedded in the reserves? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sabra, do you want to talk about the reserves commensurate to the increase in premium and then -- sorry, an increase in rate change, particularly on excess? 
Sabra Purtill: Yes. So when we've -- and we've talked about it in the past, we've taken a proactive approach to try and to react quickly to bad news that we see in trends. And as you know, even back in 2017, we moved to increase the reserves on casualty lines. 
 Our underlying assumptions for casualty loss trend is in the 10% range. It does vary between primary and excess. Our book historically has been a little bit more balanced towards excess, and that's why you can see some of the changes in the loss ratios accident year by accident year. 
 I would note that we do our deeper dive on the casualty lines largely in the third quarter. There are some that are in the second quarter, and we did complete those reserves this year without any meaningful changes in the reserves. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: So another observation, Meyer, on that is that the rates as we got to the back half of the year in Casualty, particularly in Excess Casualty, started to accelerate into double digits. And also not that this is a bellwether because there's different mix of business, but our casualty submissions in Lexington in the fourth quarter were up 100%, which just means it's getting harder to get casualty placements done in the admitted market. Pricing is going up driven by rate, terms of conditions are being tightened and there's more activity in E&S. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fantastic. That's very helpful. Second question, I guess, maybe jumping off from that. I guess I'm a little surprised that there's still, if I understand correctly, the same level of proportional sessions on North American casualty despite the fact that overall profitability has gotten so much better and higher interest rates. And I was hoping you could take us through your thinking on that. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sure. Look, our casualty placements have evolved over time to reflect the portfolio, the gross limit deployment. And if I could take you back to even 2016 and '17 where we had quota shares before we arrived where we had a 50% quota share on Primary Casualty and then we had a 37.5% placement on Excess Casualty. That's just continued to evolve as we got into 2018, where we bought a large excess of loss placements for our worldwide Casualty portfolio for 75 ex of 25. 
 And then at the end of 2018, we bought a 50% quota share for our casualty portfolio within the United States. And the reason why I just give you that as a baseline is we've changed, evolved. We've had reinsurance in place since 2016. But when you look at what we place on the quota share today, it's basically 20%. So we've taken that down while we've improved ceding commissions over 800 basis points from the original placement to 20% from north of 50. 
 So I think we have been recognizing that we don't need to do as much proportional. But there's a balance in those placements between the excess and the quota share partnerships with reinsurers. They like a balance between the excess of loss and quota share in terms of our underwriting and feel very comfortable that, that's a good amount to cede off for looking at our overall casualty portfolio. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question was on the equity that you laid out, Sabra. So $33 billion pro forma adjusted equity. And then I believe you said parent liquidity would come on top of that. So can you just give us a sense of once you're through deconsolidation, what type of liquidity you would like to have in parent? Because I'm assuming it would be $33 billion plus the parent liquidity would be the equity that we should consider in reference to the double-digit plus ROCE target. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Elyse. I'll turn it over to Sabra in 2 seconds. But I just want to caution us that we tried to outline what we expect shareholders' equity with a variety of different variables, but it was all pro forma. 
 So I think Sabra can answer the question sort of technically as to how we should be looking about our capital relative to how we get to the 10% ROCE. But I just don't want to go into too many more variables because that was a pro forma that had a lot of assumptions. Sabra? 
Sabra Purtill: Yes, certainly. Look, we have a framework around our liquidity position. And clearly, given the timing of the Corebridge secondaries and the Validus sale in the fourth quarter, parent liquidity was at very attractive and high levels at year-end. 
 The way we think of it in a normal framework is we look at what our forward holding company needs are. So think about common dividend payments of roughly $1 billion a year. AIG-only interest expense, roughly $500 million a year. And then parent expenses, which as we've talked about, we're focused on getting those down to 1% to 1.5% of NPE range. So that's what we think about in terms of a normal liquidity position, which is lower, obviously, than where we ended the year. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then my second question, appreciate all the color on the call on premium growth, right, I think it was around 9% in the quarter kind of ex Validus and Crop. And so as we think about the moving pieces and just your view of price, loss trend, et cetera, would you expect top line growth kind of on an adjusted basis to be within that range in '24? Are there other things that we should consider? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Well, when you take out -- again, there's a lot of moving pieces, but like you take out Validus, Crop Risk Services, and so we have a baseline. And then when we look at our commercial portfolio -- I look at the fundamentals, Elyse, in terms of how are we growing the business. And we gave you highlights in the fourth quarter about our new business, which was simply terrific, and that momentum continues. Our retentions have been fantastic. And so again, it's a portfolio that we have done such a great job to get to a place where we really like and find opportunities for stability and more growth. 
 Agree on the rate. I mean, again, the fourth quarter was just a moment, but we would expect Financial Lines in 2024 not to keep up at the same pace on excess. We'll see as we get into the market, but really like the opportunities in our core businesses to drive growth. 
 Lexington, I know there's been a lot of discussion in this quarter around is excess and surplus lines slowing down, things going back to the admitted. There's no evidence to suggest that's true. 
 Again, submission count is significantly up. And it's not just property. Property, if I looked at the fourth quarter, was the lowest submission count growth, and that was up over 30%. As I said, property's around 30%, casualty was up over 100%, and health care was around 50%. So there's a lot more opportunity to continue to grow in excess and surplus lines. And you know what, the property market, you get to the second quarter and there is your opportunity. 
 So like we have built a reinsurance structure. We've built a gross portfolio that we can flex depending on market conditions. I mentioned Global Specialty. We think there's growth opportunities there. We think there's growth opportunities in our Personal Insurance business. 
 So we're cautious but optimistic that the growth rate that you outlined in the high single digits is going to be achieved. But again, we have to be in the year, and we'll give you updates every quarter, but we're optimistic. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Ward with Citi. 
Michael Ward: Maybe kind of a similar question, but specifically on International. I think rate is a little below loss cost. So I was just wondering if you have any commentary on how you see the top line growth there playing out. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Mike, thanks for the question. If I look at International on the rate side, just a reminder that we do rate on gross premium written, not net. And so like as you take that from the portfolio, there's a heavy weighting our Specialty business in the fourth quarter. And the Specialty business does have a lot of quota shares and has a terrific reinsurance partnership. But it's almost 50% of the business, roughly between 40 to 50 in the quarter. 
 And so Specialty while had good rate increase in marine, political risk had a weighting on rate in the quarter as well as Financial Lines. Financial Line is about 20% of the gross premium written in the quarter and having a negative that just weights the overall rate environment. 
 But we had very strong rate in property. We had very good rate, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, of 8% in marine. And so yes, the overall index was at or perhaps slightly below loss cost trend, but it's not something we're concerned about. 
 The other thing too, in Specialty, you should realize is that December 1 is when all aviation renews. And so that was low single digits, again, weighting on it. 
 But it's mix of business, it's gross, and why I say gross is that when you take the gross to net for our Specialty business, it's basically 50% net premium written to gross. And so like we put that in the math in terms of our ceding commissions and profitability of the portfolio. But overall, we were pleased and think that there's opportunities to improve that in 2024. 
Michael Ward: And then maybe just on the adverse PYD in Russia, Ukraine. Just is that related to aviation? And is that just accident year '22? Because I think there was some adverse in other -- '20 and '19. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sabra, do you want to provide a little bit of update in terms of how we got to the adverse? 
Sabra Purtill: Sure. And I'll just start by overall. As I mentioned, we did have some favorable prior year development from older catastrophe years. So those were basically in years 2018 through 2020. 
 If you look at the more recent accident years, as we indicated, we did put up $75 million of additional reserves related to Russia- and Ukraine-related claims. We've been evaluating our exposure for some time. And based on the analysis where we are at the end of the year, we felt it was appropriate to increase our reserves for the quarter. 
 But I would also note that in the 2022 accident year, we did have some adverse development on winter storm Elliott, which was at the very tail end of the fourth quarter of 2022. And then in the older accident years, as I said in General, we netted to a favorable reserve development. But we did have some adverse development in the 2018 and 2019 accident years on some mergers and acquisitions-related exposures. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: First question, I'm just curious, as we look at this, you're getting close to the 600 million kind of share count. As we think about that and the use of proceeds from Corebridge, are you willing to go kind of meaningfully below that? And if not, what is the other kind of potential uses of capital here that you're thinking about to mitigate dilution from selling down your remaining interest in Corebridge? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you, Brian. It's a good question. It's a little leading, but we had outlined the capital management strategy for the first 6 months, and that gets us below the [ 650 million ] share count at a base assumption of a stock price around where we are now. And so there's a few variables that could accelerate that or slow it down depending on market conditions and share price. But we know we have the liquidity, and we just wanted to outline what we thought we would do within the first 6 months. 
 The next is dependent upon when we do a secondary sell-down, which I would expect before the end of the second quarter another sell-down, which gives us more liquidity. And the primary focus is going to be on share repurchase and dividend payment and believe that we can then get by the end of the year down to the lower end of the range or the 600 million. 
 Once we're closer to that, we feel like we've made enormous progress on all the elements of our capital management strategy. It has been very balanced and believe we would have to give guidance after that in terms of what we intend to do. But I kind of want to get to the range first, in the 600 million to 650 million, and then get to the lower end of the range with proceeds, and then we would provide additional guidance. 
Brian Meredith: Great. That's helpful. And then, Peter, I just want to chat briefly on the Financial Lines business. And it seems like everybody is cutting Financial Lines. I'm just kind of wondering like who is actually running the business? And do we think we're getting closer to a bottom here? And do you think that's still a significant headwind to 2024 premium growth? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you, Brian, for the question. And I've been trying to find a way to bring in McElroy to close it out. So Dave, why don't you give Brian some insight, and then we'll send it back to me, and we'll finish up. 
David McElroy: Thank you, Brian, and thank you, Peter. The -- yes, honestly, Brian, you see the weighting of the Financial Lines in our portfolio. It's a bit of an outside influence. But we've also gone through the year, and I think we trade the market we're in, not the market we hope for. 
 So the -- I think we've been prudent around letting excess underpriced business go. I think we've been good about holding on to our primary business. So I think that actually really has held up well. 
 I'd also think that it's always worth understanding there's a lot of other products in the portfolio. And they've held up well, whether that's private company business or professional indemnity or the fidelity businesses. Those are strong, and we actually anticipate those will continue to hold up in '24, okay?
 The seminal event is 2023 showed up with different securities class action experience than the '20 to '22 cohort here. It actually looks more like '16 to '19. The question will be whether the industry reacts to that, okay? Much more severity flowing through that year. It obviously exposes the verticality of loss. 
 I do think it's put a little bit of a floor on the market going into 2024. We're seeing that. We're seeing that now. There's definitely going to be more control in primary, but I'm not going to be -- we won't sit on the front cover of CNBC -- or sitting in the middle of CNBC, but we like the business. We like the pricing of the business. And we also think that it's tethered to the economy. As that shows up, that will also help with new business opportunities that we see both in M&A, both in IPOs and both in structured. So it is the first time in 3 years that I might give it a little bit of optimism. Peter? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Dave. Thank you very much, and thanks, Brian. Thank you, everyone, for coming to the earnings call today and greatly appreciate the engagement. And I want to thank all of our colleagues around the world for all they've done to progress the strategic progress that we've made and just have delivered tremendous results. So everybody, have a great day, and thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Third Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. 
 Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, and good morning. 
 Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements if circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change.  
 Today's remarks may also include non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at aig.com. 
 Additionally, note that today's remarks will include results of AIG's Life and Retirement segment and Other Operations on the same basis as prior quarters, which is how we expect to continue to report until the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial. AIG's segments and U.S. GAAP financial results as well as AIG's key financial metrics with respect thereto differ from those reported by Corebridge Financial. Corebridge Financial will host its earnings call on Friday, November 3.  
 Finally, please note that today's remarks as they relate to net premiums written in General Insurance are presented on a comparable basis, which reflects year-over-year comparison on a constant dollar basis adjusted for the international lag elimination and the sale of Crop Risk Services and the sale of Validus Re. Please refer to the footnote on Page 26 of the third quarter financial supplement for prior period results for Crop Risk Services and Validus Re. 
 With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to review our third quarter financial results. Following my remarks, Sabra will provide more detail on the quarter and then we will take questions. Kevin Hogan and David McElroy will join us for the Q&A portion of the call.  
 In the third quarter, AIG continued to deliver exceptional results. We made significant progress in our strategic, operational and financial objectives, reflecting continued execution across our entire organization. 
 During my remarks this morning, I will discuss the following topics: first, AIG's financial results, including Life and Retirement, and provide an update on recent divestitures; second, I will provide the results of AIG's General Insurance business; third, I will provide an update on the casualty insurance market more broadly and AIG's approach to our casualty portfolio; fourth, I will provide an update on our capital management strategy and the progress we have made this quarter. Sabra will provide more detail on AIG's balance sheet and capital position in her remarks. And lastly, I will reconfirm our guidance with respect to our path to a 10%-plus ROCE post deconsolidation of Corebridge.  
 Financial highlights from the third quarter included: adjusted after-tax income was $1.2 billion or $1.61 per diluted common share, representing a 92% increase year-over-year. Consolidated net investment income on an adjusted pretax income basis was $3.3 billion, a 29% increase year-over-year. In General Insurance, net investment income was $756 million, a 30% increase.  
 Net premiums written in General Insurance grew 9%. General Insurance underwriting income in the quarter was $611 million, which improved over 250% from the prior year quarter. The adjusted accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 86.3%, a 210 basis point improvement from the prior year quarter, which is an outstanding result.  
 Our CAT loss ratio was 6.9% with $462 million of total catastrophe losses, including reinstatement premiums, which included $70 million from Validus Re. We had favorable prior year reserve development of $139 million, reflecting favorable loss experience on our portfolio, resulting from our continued focus on underwriting discipline.  
 The Life and Retirement business also delivered strong results in the third quarter with continued sales momentum and spread expansion. Life and Retirement's adjusted pretax income was $971 million, up 24% year-over-year. Premiums and deposits grew 4% year-over-year to $9.2 billion, driven by strong Fixed Index Annuity sales, which exceeded $2 billion for the third consecutive quarter.  
 September marked the 1-year anniversary of Corebridge's initial public offering. And since the IPO, Corebridge has returned approximately $1.4 billion to shareholders and is well on track to its committed payout ratio. 
 With respect to our remaining ownership of Corebridge, we continue to evaluate options that are aligned with the best interest of shareholders and our other stakeholders. We're very proud of the achievements that Corebridge has delivered towards its operational separation as a public company, and we remain committed to reducing our ownership and eventually a full separation. 
 Turning to AIG's balance sheet. During the quarter, AIG returned over $1 billion to shareholders through $785 million of common stock repurchases and $261 million of dividends. In addition, we purchased $170 million of common stock in October. We deployed $289 million to retire Validus Re debt prior to the close of the transaction yesterday. And we ended the quarter with $3.6 billion of parent liquidity. 
 During the quarter, we continued to make significant progress on our strategic repositioning as we have further simplified our portfolio, which we've talked about over the past several quarters. Yesterday, we announced the successful closing of the sale of Validus Re to RenaissanceRe for which we received a total consideration of $3.3 billion in cash, including a pre-close dividend and approximately $275 million at RenaissanceRe common stock. This divestiture streamlines our business model, simplifies our portfolio and further reduces our volatility.  
 Prior to closing the Validus Re transaction, we entered into an agreement with Enstar Group to provide AIG with protection against any adverse development on the 95% portion of Validus Re's loss reserves that AIG retains exposure to. The cost will be included in the gain on sale in the fourth quarter.  
 Enstar will provide $400 million of limit for an adverse development cover in excess of carried loss reserves on assumed reinsurance contracts underwritten by Validus Re with respect to accident year 2022 and prior. This ADC limit provides additional protection against downside exposure to reserves in excess of the expected redundancy to a modeled confidence level above the 90th percentile. Importantly, while we believe this ADC is prudent to mitigate the risk of any future adverse reserve development, we will benefit from any future favorable reserve development. 
 In August, Corebridge entered into a definitive agreement to sell Laya Healthcare to AXA for EUR 650 million, which closed on October 31. Proceeds to Corebridge, net of purchase price adjustments and deal-related expenses, will be approximately $730 million. It was announced that the proceeds will be used for a special dividend to Corebridge shareholders as of November 13.  
 In September, Corebridge entered into a definitive agreement to sell the U.K. Life Insurance business to Aviva plc for GBP 460 million. We expect the transaction to close sometime in the second quarter of 2024, subject to regulatory approvals. We anticipate that the proceeds from this transaction will largely be used for share repurchases, subject to market conditions. Both transactions streamline the Corebridge portfolio and allow the company to focus on its Life and Retirement products and solutions in the United States.  
 Turning to General Insurance, gross premiums written were $8.9 billion, a decrease of 1% from prior year quarter. Net premiums written were $6.5 billion, an increase of 9% from the prior year quarter. Global Commercial grew 6%, and Global Personal grew 16% from the prior year quarter. North America Commercial net premiums written increased 5% in the third quarter.  
 There are many variables in this quarter, and I want to provide more detail. The key businesses that drove growth were Lexington's core business, excluding Lexington programs, grew over 25% in the quarter, led by wholesale casualty, which grew 33%; and wholesale property, which grew 27%. Glatfelter grew 12%, and Retail Property grew 11%. 
 In terms of headwinds, in 2022, we made the underwriting decision to not renew 2 large Lexington programs. We took this action because we believe that these programs had meaningful CAT exposure in peak zones. And we do not believe the appropriate CAT loads were reflected in the pricing. These programs were not the best deployment of capital in order to achieve our targeted risk-adjusted returns. Those nonrenewals tempered overall growth in Lexington. 
 Lexington program's net premiums written reduced by 57% in the quarter. We believe, over time, we will replace this business on an individual risk basis as stronger risk-adjusted returns. However, it is a headwind in the quarter. The impact of the net premiums written associated with these 2 programs was approximately $115 million in the third quarter. 
 Also offsetting growth in North America was Financial Lines, which declined 11%, accounting for approximately 20% of North America Commercial Lines net premiums written in the quarter. In North America Financial Lines, large account public D&O remains competitive as a result of excess capacity driven by new entrants to the market. 
 Our renewal retention in our primary business remains strong, but retentions in our excess business were more challenged. New business in our excess book was down year-over-year as we were very disciplined in the current environment.  
 Rate reductions remain most prevalent on excess layers, particularly the higher excess layer vertical towers where it's more commoditized and the most pressure exists on pricing. In primary, where we are one of the few market leaders, rates remained flat to slightly down. We remain confident in our approach to Financial Lines. We have a global business with scale, focused on underwriting profit over top line growth, which is reflected in the results this quarter.  
 In International Commercial, net premiums written grew 7%, primarily driven by property, which was up 13%; global specialty, which was up 12%, led by energy and marine; and Talbot, which was up 7%. 
 Global Commercial had very strong renewal retention of 87% in its in-force portfolio. North America was up 200 basis points to 87%, and International was up 300 basis points to 88%. As a reminder, we calculate renewal retention prior to the impact of rate and exposure changes.  
 And across Global Commercial, we continue to see very strong new business, which was approximately $1 billion in the third quarter. North America Commercial produced new business of $516 million, an increase of 13% year-over-year or 27% if you exclude Financial Lines. This growth was driven by Lexington Casualty, which saw excellent new business growth of over 90%, as well as Western World, which grew over 50%.  
 Retail Property grew new business by 26%, and retail casualty grew new business by 25%. This was offset by Financial Lines where new business contracted by about 30% as a result of our underwriting discipline. 
 International Commercial produced new business of $532 million or 12% growth year-over-year. This growth was led by Talbot new business, which increased almost 50% year-over-year, and Global Specialty, which grew new business by over 40%, and it was balanced across the portfolio.  
 Moving to rate. In North America Commercial, rate increased 5.4% in the third quarter or 6% excluding workers' compensation. Exposure in the quarter added 3 points, bringing the total pricing change, excluding workers' comp, to 9%. 
 Rate increases were driven by Lexington wholesale, which was up 15%, marking the 18th consecutive quarter of double-digit rate increases, led by Lexington wholesale property, which was up 28%, Retail Property was up 27% and admitted excess casualty was up 12%. Financial Lines rate was down 8%.  
 In International Commercial, rate increased 4%, and the exposure increase was 2%. The rate increase was driven by property, which was up 13%; energy, which was up 10%; and Talbot, which was up 9%. 
 Turning to Personal Insurance, net premiums written increased 16% year-over-year, primarily driven by North America. In North America, Personal net premiums written increased 59%. Similar to last quarter, the increase was driven by business underwritten on behalf of PCS, offset by decreases in Travel and Warranty.  
 In the third quarter, AIG's net premiums written from PCS increased by over 100%, benefiting from an increase in gross premiums written and a reduction in quota share sessions. And as expected, the lag in earned premium growth continued to dissipate, providing operating leverage and a reduced expense ratio, primarily in general operating expenses. 
 The high and ultra high net worth business also had significant improvement in the accident year loss ratio, benefiting from improved pricing in our admitted business and transitioning more business to the non-admitted market. We expect PCS to continue to improve its financial performance and provide more operating leverage in the fourth quarter and into 2024. 
 In International Personal, net premiums written increased by 3% year-over-year, driven by growth in personal auto, travel, and that reflects the rebound post-pandemic and Japan personal property. The accident year loss ratio, ex CAT, improved 560 basis points. Overall, we're pleased with the International Personal improvement year-over-year. 
 Shifting to combined ratios. The General Insurance third quarter combined ratio was 90.5%, a 680 basis point improvement from the prior year quarter. Accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, was 86.3%, a 210 basis point improvement from the prior year quarter. 
 Global Commercial had an outstanding performance with third quarter accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, of 81.7%, a 130 basis point improvement year-over-year. The accident year combined ratio, including CAT, was 89.7%, a 500 basis point improvement from the prior year quarter.  
 The North America Commercial accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, was 83%. And the International Commercial accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, was 79.7%, both of which were exceptional outcomes. 
 We would like to provide a perspective both with and without Validus Re and Crop Risk Services. As I said, the third quarter Global Commercial accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, was 81.7%, and the calendar year combined ratio was 86.6%. Excluding Validus Re from the third quarter results, the Global Commercial accident year combined ratio would essentially have been flat, and the calendar year combined ratio would have improved by slightly over 100 basis points from the third quarter to 85.4%.  
 And for the first 9 months, the Global Commercial accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, was 83.6%, and the calendar year combined ratio was 87.6%. Excluding Crop and Validus Re from the 9-month period results, the Global Commercial accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, would have increased by 70 basis points to 84.3%, and the calendar year combined ratio would have increased by 50 basis points to 88.1%.  
 Global Personal reported a third quarter accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, of 99%, a 380 basis point improvement from the prior year quarter due in part to the North America PCS business. 
 Related to casualty liability and the excess casualty market, in particular in the United States, the level of narrative has increased over the last several years, driven in part by multiple mass tort events as well as rising economic and social inflation. The latter has been fueled by an exponential increase in third-party litigation funding, average severity trend increases and a precipitous rise in jury awards following the lull during the pandemic. 
 Over the past couple of years, I've spoken extensively about our portfolio remediation strategy, including where AIG has reduced gross limits since 2018 by $1.4 trillion. We have established strong underwriting guidelines and strong partnerships with reinsurers to manage both frequency and severity. 
 We have filed a similar strategy with our casualty portfolio with more of a focus on severity. When we began the underwriting turnaround in AIG in 2017, we found that the prior strategy in casualty was similar to that in the property business, which was to write large limits with a gross and net risk appetite much greater than what we offer today.  
 As I've outlined before, it was not uncommon to put out significant limits on any individual risk in excess of $100 million net on an occurrence basis. As we developed an entirely new framework and approach to underwriting, it required a change to our underwriting strategy.  
 Today, our global casualty portfolio represents 12% of our total gross premiums written and 13% of our net premiums written. The North America segment represents 55%, and the International segment represents 45% of that number. And since North America has been the topic of discussion, I will focus on what we have done in that portfolio. 
 In North America casualty, our gross limit for our excess casualty portfolio, including lead umbrella, has decreased by over 50% since 2018. Our average limit size has also reduced by over 50%. Average lead attachment points, which protect us from frequency and lower severity losses, have more than doubled since 2018. 
 In terms of gross pricing, primary auto and primary general liability, rates have increased approximately 200% since 2018, and excess casualty rates have increased by over 250%, remaining well above loss cost trends.  
 In addition to the significant investment in underwriting excellence and talent, we built and executed on a strategic reinsurance program to further mitigate our net exposure and volatility. What once was $100 million net exposure for AIG, there's now a maximum net on any one claim of $15 million in International and $11.5 million in North America. 
 And in our excess of loss treaties, we have reinstatement limits that exhaust based on extensive modeling done at the [ 1,000 ] return periods. This adequately protects AIG from vertical exposure with significant limit available in the event there are multiple losses. 
 Notably, the period prior to 2016 is covered by an adverse development cover for U.S. long-tail commercial lines. We purchased 80% of a $25 billion -- excess of $25 billion on payments made on or after January 1, 2016, for business written prior to 2016. The $25 billion retention was exceeded during the fourth quarter of 2020. We currently have $9 billion of the total unused recoverable limit left or $7.2 billion at the 80% level. 
 Conflicting views have emerged in the market on the combination of gross portfolio underwriting with the strategic use of reinsurance. There have been comments particularly recently that the use of reinsurance is not required if you're comfortable with the gross portfolio. We disagree and simply don't support that as a viable strategy for AIG.  
 We prefer to balance our approach and have developed a strong underwriting culture, which we have dramatically improved over the last 5 years, executing on the fundamentals of disciplined and consistent underwriting, being very focused on preempting the evolving changes in the market and using reinsurance strategically to mitigate unpredictable outcomes. 
 Building long-term strategic relationships with our reinsurance partners for all of our reinsurance needs has been key to repositioning AIG. Insurers cannot reverse social and economic inflation. However, we are in control of how we predict and respond to the impact of these changes to the forward-looking landscape, including how we manage our underwriting through coverage provided, limits deployed, attachment points and pricing.  
 Our business is not immune from social inflation, but we anticipated it early, and we took action. The consequence is that we're very pleased with our existing portfolio, and we're well positioned to be able to prudently take advantage of opportunities that exist in the current marketplace.  
 Turning to capital management. We use a balanced framework that remains focused on having ample capital in our insurance company subsidiaries to support organic growth in our business, continuing share repurchases, debt reduction in line with the lower end of the targets we provided and dividend increases. Lastly, we will consider compelling inorganic growth opportunities to meet our strategic objectives should they emerge. 
 We finished the third quarter with $3.6 billion of available liquidity prior to receiving the proceeds of the sale of Validus Re or the special dividend from the sale of Laya Healthcare. Together, they should contribute approximately another $3.7 billion in the fourth quarter. Our primary use of proceeds will be on share repurchases. We plan to accelerate our repurchase activity this quarter and as we enter 2024, and we expect to reduce debt outstanding to further strengthen the balance sheet. 
 We remain mindful of our leverage as a key consideration with our accelerated share repurchases. We expect to execute on the current share repurchase authorization of $7.5 billion, which will reduce shares outstanding to close to 600 million shares subject to market conditions. 
 Related to return on common equity, as we have outlined on our prior calls, we remain very focused on delivering a 10%-plus ROCE post deconsolidation of Corebridge. During the third quarter, we continue to make significant progress at all 4 components of our path to deliver on this commitment and how we are positioning AIG for the future. 
 I want to provide a few observations. In the last 90 days, we've continued to improve our underwriting results on an accident year and calendar year basis. We made recent leadership changes in General Insurance, which have effectively eliminated a management layer from the business, and we will continue this process throughout the organization in 2024. 
 We have strengthened the capital position of insurance company subsidiaries to enable continued profitable growth. We've moved into the final stages of the operational separation for Corebridge. We have announced and closed several divestitures and have repositioned the portfolio to support our strategy for the future. We have accelerated the progress we're making on our capital management strategy and have created a strong liquidity position. 
 The catalyst to achieving our targets remains the deconsolidation of Corebridge. This will allow AIG to simplify its business, eliminate duplication by combining our General Insurance business and our corporate functions, and create a leaner operating model for the future. 
 Before I turn it over to Sabra, I'd like to add a few more details on the closing of the sale of Validus Re to RenaissanceRe. In January of 2018, AIG announced it was acquiring Validus Holdings to position it for future growth and profitability improvement. Over the last several years, we reshaped Validus Re's portfolio by reducing the catastrophe exposure in certain U.S. peak zones while diversifying the business significantly to develop a more balanced portfolio in both property and casualty reinsurance in order to improve profitability. 
 Validus Re posted its first accident year combined ratio below 100% in 2022. And as we look back, we are grateful for the hard work, determination and perseverance of the team to dramatically improve the quality of the portfolio, particularly year-to-date in 2023, and it's evident in its performance today. 
 We are very proud of Validus Re's results and are pleased that the company acquiring Validus Re is RenaissanceRe. Through Kevin O'Donnell and his leadership team's terrific work, RenaissanceRe has become one of the world's most well-respected reinsurers. We are looking forward to continuing our strong partnership with RenaissanceRe, which will be further enhanced as we become an investor in RenRe's capital partner vehicles, allowing us to benefit from their future performance. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Sabra. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Peter. This morning, I will provide more detail on AIG's third quarter, including General Insurance reserves, net investment income, Life and Retirement results and balance sheet and capital management. 
 Adjusted after-tax income attributable to common shareholders this quarter was $1.2 billion, up 80% from 3Q '22, for an annualized adjusted ROCE of 8.5%. AATI per diluted share was $1.61, up 92%, reflecting the accretive impact of share repurchases over the last year. The earnings growth resulted from the 82% increase in General Insurance adjusted pretax income to $1.4 billion, driven by top line growth, improved underwriting results and higher investment income. 
 It's important to note that while Life and Retirement also had strong earnings, AIG's ownership of Corebridge decreased to 65.6% this quarter compared to 90.1% before the IPO. And therefore, our results include a lower percentage of their consolidated earnings than last year. In total, Corebridge contributed about $32 million to the $514 million increase in AIG's adjusted after-tax income. 
 Turning to General Insurance. Peter summarized our underwriting results, but I want to cover prior year development and reserves in more detail. In the quarter, General Insurance prior year development, net of reinsurance, totaled $139 million favorable, including $41 million from the amortization of deferred gain on the adverse development cover. About $129 million, including the ADC gain, resulted from the detailed valuation reviews, or DVRs, with the balance from other items like catastrophes. 
 The DVRs covered $34.1 billion of loss reserves on a pre-ADC basis, about 70% of the total. The DVRs of particular note this quarter were for International Casualty and Financial Lines, North America Financial Lines and North America workers' compensation, which last year was completed in the second quarter. In total, North America had $154 million of favorable development, including $39 million from the ADC. International was $15 million unfavorable. 
 Consistent with our prior comments, casualty, bodily injury, securities class actions and medical workers' comp trends have been and continue to be more favorable than our reserving assumptions. We believe that our changes in underwriting standards reduced limits, higher attachment points on primary limits, tightened terms and conditions and better risk selection are driving the improved experience, particularly in financial lines and casualty. 
 Nevertheless, our philosophy is to react to bad news quickly and to allow time for favorable trends in recent accident years to mature, particularly given the impact of COVID on recent years. Therefore, this quarter's favorable development is generally from older accident years or from short-tail lines like property where physical damage claims come in quickly. 
 In Financial Lines, changes from the DVRs were immaterial. North America had modest adverse development on an older Lexington architect and engineers book, offset by favorability in Canada. U.K. Financial Lines had slight adverse development, reflecting emerged experience on older D&O and professional indemnity claims, partially offset by favorable experience in Europe and Japan. 
 We also reviewed International casualty lines this quarter. Peter discussed our changes in underwriting limits and reinsurance on our global casualty book. I would add that we also evaluate economic and social inflation trends as well as our potential exposure to mass torts across the total book and hold reserves to address those items. 
 This quarter, we had adverse development in U.K. and European casualty, principally from commercial auto in France and large loss experience on a few older claims in both the U.K. and Europe. Consistent with prior trends, the DVRs for workers' compensation were favorable both for years covered by the ADC and after. 
 Finally, property lines and Personal Insurance had favorable development in both North America and International, while we had about $23 million of adverse development on prior year catastrophes. We will complete the balance of annual DVRs next quarter, which cover about $6 billion of reserves on a number of smaller lines. 
 Net investment income also contributed to earnings growth in the quarter, driven principally by higher reinvestment rates on fixed maturities and loans. The average new money yield on fixed maturities and loans was 5.88% this quarter, about 145 basis points above the yield on sales and maturities, and it was about 130 and 150 basis points higher in General Insurance and Life and Retirement, respectively. Year-to-date, the total new money yield is about 202 basis points higher than sales and maturities. 
 The portfolio yield in General Insurance increased 9 basis points sequentially and 88 basis points over the last year with net investment income growth of 30%. The L&R investment income rose 23%, and the portfolio yield improved 9 basis points and 63 basis points, respectively. Based on the current treasury yield curve, we expect continued pickup in portfolio yields, particularly in L&R, given the longer duration of its portfolio. 
 Alternative investment income totaled $26 million for an annualized return of about 1%, better than the losses last year, but below our long-term experience and outlook and down sequentially. Private equity returns are the principal driver of sequential decline in alternative returns this year as we have reduced our exposure to hedge funds over the last year. Private equity is reported on a 1-quarter lag based on when we receive the fund's financial reports. So this quarter's financial results reflect second quarter margins. 
 Our investment portfolios have strong credit performance and remain well diversified and highly rated. We continue to monitor commercial real estate closely. Debt service coverage ratios are strong, including in the office sector. The primary impact has been on loan-to-value ratios and real estate equity valuations rather than delinquencies or defaults. We continue to work on near-term maturities, and almost all 2023 scheduled maturities have been addressed. 
 Life and Retirement once again delivered strong results in the third quarter. Adjusted pretax income was $971 million, up 24% year-over-year, driven by continued investment spread expansion and strong sales, particularly in Fixed Index Annuities. Underwriting margins overall remain attractive. And on a sequential quarter basis, fee income and investment spreads improved. 
 During the quarter, the annual actuarial assumptions update was completed, resulting in a modest $22 million increase in APTI, mostly in the Life Insurance segment, compared to a $29 million increase last year. Individual Retirement APTI increased $195 million or 52% over the prior year quarter from base spread expansion and general account product growth. 
 The fixed annuity surrender rate increased sequentially from 15.9% to 17.7% this quarter as operations caught up on a backlog of surrender requests from earlier in the year. On a monthly basis, surrenders peaked early in the quarter and declined sequentially each month with continued improvement in October. 
 Group Retirement APTI was flat year-over-year as higher fee income and alternative investment income were offset by lower other yield enhancement income and higher general operating expenses or GOE. Net outflows included one large $1 billion plan, which was mostly in mutual funds and, therefore, was not material to earnings. 
 Life Insurance APT was also flat year-over-year, primarily due to lower policy fees and a lower favorable impact from the annual assumptions update, partially offset by higher net investment income. 
 Institutional Markets APTI decreased $8 million or 10% due to less favorable mortality experience. Sales increased 19%, supported by record production of $1.9 billion, partially offset by lower PRT sales, which are highly variable quarter-to-quarter. 
 Turning to Other Operations. Third quarter adjusted pretax loss improved by $149 million, driven by lower corporate and other GOE and higher short-term investment income. In addition, third quarter 2022 had investment losses on a legacy portfolio that was sold in 4Q '22. 
 Corporate GOE was $243 million and included $68 million for Corebridge. Excluding Corebridge, AIG corporate GOE decreased $56 million from the prior year. We remain on track to reduce 2023 corporate GOE by at least $100 million, including a higher allocation to General Insurance that has not had a material impact on the expense ratio due to expense discipline across the company. 
 Moving to the balance sheet. Third quarter 2023 estimated risk-based capital ratios remain above our target ranges. The General Insurance U.S. pool RBC is in the high 400s, while Life and Retirement is above its 400% target. At September 30, consolidated debt and preferred stock to total capital, excluding AOCI, was 25.9%, including $9.4 billion of Corebridge debt. 
 Our approach to capital management is unchanged. We will continue to balance share repurchases and debt reduction while also focusing on increasing common stock dividends. As Peter indicated, from the Validus and Laya sales, we expect about $3.7 billion of additional parent liquidity in the fourth quarter. We have significant financial flexibility, which we intend to use for both additional share repurchases and debt reduction. 
 Based on current average daily trading volumes, we expect to be able to repurchase about $1.5 billion of common stock a quarter or $500 million a month, which we will begin when the market window opens after earnings. We expect to continue at this rate into 2024, depending on excess parent liquidity levels, including future Corebridge sales proceeds and General Insurance dividends. In the fourth quarter, we also plan to accelerate debt repayment to rightsize our debt stock for our target deconsolidated leverage ratio. 
 Turning to our ROCE target. We remain laser-focused and are making progress on achieving a 10%-plus ROCE post deconsolidation. Year-to-date, annualized adjusted ROCE for AIG was 8.8% and 12.0% in General Insurance and 11.4% in Life and Retirement. 
 Last quarter, I provided a pro forma AIG shareholders' equity ex AOCI, excluding Corebridge, of about $40 billion, including deferred tax assets from the financial crisis era net operating losses. That's the capital supporting our General Insurance business and parent operations today, excluding our stake in Corebridge. 
 With the sale of Validus Re and the redeployment of proceeds into share repurchases and debt reduction, the current pro forma estimate of AIG equity, excluding Corebridge, is about $37 billion, including $4 billion of deferred tax assets, or $33 billion of adjusted shareholders' equity, which is the number we use for calculating adjusted ROCE. 
 Considering this equity level and our plans to simplify AIG's business and operational structure and to drive more predictable and sustainable profitability, we are confident that we will achieve our 10%-plus adjusted ROCE goal. We look forward to continuing to update you on our progress. 
 With that, I will turn the call back over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Sabra. And Michelle, we're ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: One question to start on reserves. I guess, what's the process for ensuring that the adverse development in International Commercial doesn't actually reflect social inflation problem and that it's individual cases? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Meyer, thanks for the question. Sabra, do you want to cover? That's just a quick overview of -- Meyer mentioned the International and some of the inflation impact from reserves. 
Sabra Purtill: Yes, certainly. And let me first start by explaining what the DVR process is. So DVR is a once-a-year deep-dive into our reserves. But each quarter, we do an actual versus expected analysis. So we do make adjustments to reserves on lines of business during the ordinary part of the year, but the deep-dive is where we really drill down into the lines in great detail. 
 This quarter, as I noted, we had International casualty. The development that you see is related to very specific books or -- and I'm sorry, I'm getting a little feedback on the line here. So I don't know, Meyer, maybe you need to mute. Anyway, the International Commercial Lines is very much related to specific cases and judgments around settlements. 
 And as I said and would also note in Peter's comment, these are generally from older accident years where we are exposed to much larger limits. So therefore, when you have a particular claim that goes against you, they do -- they are lumpy and they tend to be large. So what I would just say again is that we look at our book consistently during the course of the year, do a deep-dive once a year and then make some assessments based on specific facts and circumstances. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Sabra. Meyer, do you have another question? 
Meyer Shields: Yes, just a quick one. I know there's a lot of moving parts in North America Personal. I was hoping you could give us some sense of maybe true underlying underwriting results and the path to profitability in that segment. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Great. Thank you. As we've talked about before, it's a business in transition. We're not pleased with the overall printed results. But we had outlined in the past that it's complicated. 2023 would be a transition year, particularly with PCS, which we see a lot of net premium written coming in each quarter. The earned will follow, and so we should have some significant benefit on the ratios as we fully earn in the premium over the coming quarters. 
 When we look at fourth quarter 2023 and into 2024, we will see the mix of business change. And so therefore, the overall GOE and acquisition expenses should come down. We would see the accident year loss ratio, ex CAT, slightly go up just because of the mix of what PCS is underwriting. 
 We did have some onetime items that I won't go into in the quarter that were headwinds in the Travel and Warranty business. But those businesses are going to have to contribute more as we get into 2024, and we're looking at the entire business model in order to improve their financial results. 
 So we recognize the overall segment needs to improve. We believe we have the sort of business strategic alternatives in place, and we're going to be executing them. And again, it's just a choppy year as we make that transition. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners. 
Gary Ransom: I wanted to ask about Financial Lines. On the one hand, you noted that rates are going down in that segment. And on the other hand, you were talking about social inflation. And I mean, just generally, it seems to be as worrisome as ever. I know your reserves held up this quarter, but it's like we're in a soft market for those financial lines. And I wondered if you could add some more color on how you're managing through that portion of the cycle in that business. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sure. Yes, thanks, Gary, for the question. And I'll have Dave make some specific comments. When we talk about the headwinds in Financial Lines, and again, Dave will go into it, but it's primarily North America and it's primarily excess. We've done a tremendous job over the past couple of years to reposition the business and not only with the underwriting, but also with cumulative rate. And so we still think there's margins, still think our scale and balance across the world is a competitive advantage. And when we talk about some of the challenges in Financial Lines, it's really specific to North America. 
 Dave, do you want to provide some context in a little bit more detail, please? 
David McElroy: Yes. Yes, thank you, Peter. And thank you, Gary. The -- this is obviously a business that I've got a lot of scar tissue in over a lot of 40 years of this. And I sometimes think of my career credibility tied into fixing this book, but I am very confident with where we have positioned the book, okay? 
 The -- we've taken a cautious approach to the large account public company D&O business and particularly excess, Gary, that you've referred to. So we're aware of the consequences of chasing volume, okay? We've seen companies go close to the sun, they burn out, where that's our sophistication. 
 So the -- what we're doing here, private -- public company, D&O, the market, the private, their primary market is, frankly, a stable market, okay? It's holding up well. Cumulative rate increases, even though they went up 120% from the '18 to '21 year, they're trending around 85% today, and they're holding, okay? This is going to be about a story about excess. 
 And I do want to frame this that in that primary market, there are a couple of key points that are also holding and that's retentions are holding up very nicely, okay? There hasn't been an erosion in the self-insured retentions that clients are keeping. And we look at that as sort of an acting hedge against legal cost inflation. 
 And then the other fact that I've always been worried about is the arms race back to limits. And this industry did a great job, and I believe there was respect for this volatility by taking 25 million limits down to 10s and 15s down to 5s. So even today, our portfolio is in the 80% to 90% range of those limits on a primary basis. And therefore, the arms race to increasing limits, which is often led by those who may not understand the volatility, that has not happened, okay? So that's a win for the primary. 
 I'm going to be -- I'll call out the excess because the battles and the competition in this market are classic, okay? These are tranches above $50 million. It's a commodity. We're seeing more competition there. And we're -- what we're going to do is we're going to do what we've been doing, reducing our limits, reducing our policy count. Our renewal retention right now is actually running 11 points lower than what would be normal in a standard market. And we're going to continue that way, not only on a policy count basis, but an aggregate -- in an aggregate basis. 
 The 2 things I just called out, everybody knows that I've lived in this business for a bit, I'd call out the claim environment in the market, okay? The market may be mistiming the pricing of excess layers, okay? The plaintiffs' bar has circled back to large account. Securities class actions, they're actually up this year and looking more like the '16 to '19 cohort years, which are problematic for the industry versus the 2022 years. So it's one to be concerned about because that verticality of loss will actually affect the excess towers that are not going to be making money at [ $8,000 a mill ]. 
 So this environment is not conducive to be putting out limits excess at those layers. And maybe the more important thing is about our AIG global book, okay? It is a formidable asset. And we had the heightened scrutiny on the North American book. We're confident around what that looks like. But the International book is a franchise that you could not duplicate in generations. 
 It's performed better than the U.S. It's got -- it's actually larger than the U.S. book. It actually represents 60% of our total volume in the world. It has more geographic spread, particularly in Europe and Asia Pac. And it actually catches more private company business, SME business and middle-market cyber business than you might think in North America. So -- and other than some of the London subscription pricing, the pricing pressure there has been de minimis. And in fact, our rates are holding up better than 2023. 
 So I always feel like when I got here, I didn't understand the impact and the power, but the AIG global franchise is an incredible asset, and it also is one that we have coordinated better to make sure that any sort of U.S. exposures are controlled collectively by both of us. So in some special asset, it's been built over 2 generations. We like what it is. We like the portfolio today. And it's -- there's been 5 years of work to frame this book to where we all trust it. And we trust the recent years for their performance, okay? 
 Kicking back to you, Peter. I know I went long. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you, David. Very thorough. Appreciate it. Gary... 
Gary Ransom: Yes, that's a very thorough answer. I'm good. I mean I'm good with that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. 
Taylor Scott: First one I had for you is on sort of capital management related to Corebridge separation. I appreciate there's volume constraints, and it's good to have some guidance around how much capacity you can do in terms of buybacks a quarter. I did want to probe you a bit on to what degree, if at all, that, that considers further kind sell-down at Corebridge and sort of further special dividends coming out of Corebridge and so forth. 
 I mean I think the math would tell us that you could potentially do more than $1.5 billion a quarter, particularly for like next year over 4 quarters. And I'm just a little sensitive to it because it affects sort of accretion dilution and just the lag and what to expect. So I want to make sure we have appropriate expectations around the timing of that share count reduction and so forth. So any help is very appreciated. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes, thanks very much for the question. I mean we tried to provide between Sabra's script and in my prepared remarks a lot of detail on capital management and also the additional liquidity where we're going to have from the special dividend from the Validus Re disposition and overall how we intend to use those proceeds. And it remains the same is we want to make sure that we provide ample capital in our subsidiaries to continue to drive growth. We still think there's great opportunities for us in the businesses that we're in to drive top line growth and continue to drive profit growth and more margin, and that is our primary focus. 
 We've also given guidance in terms of the share count. And clearly, with the 7.5 billion of share authorization and now with the liquidity that we've outlined, we have a path towards that lower end of the 600 million. And so when we think about the next several quarters, certainly that's going to be the priority. 
 Sabra and I alluded to the fact that we still want to clean up a little bit of debt and make sure that we're at the lower end of the ratios, but also reflecting that buying back shares is going to have an impact on your leverage and making certain that we are being thoughtful, prudent in getting ahead of that. 
 In terms of the Corebridge sell-down, I mean we've been very methodical. Certainly, we would like to do something in the fourth quarter. We continue to look at all the different alternatives in terms of size and how we can do it. And it will be a priority for us to focus on when we conclude this call and start to focus into next week. 
 I mean Corebridge has done a terrific job of setting itself up as a public company. And they're ready for deconsolidation in terms of their operations, but we want to make certain that we are very thoughtful in the current environment. And again, we'll use those proceeds to continue to accelerate what we've outlined on the capital management. 
 I would expect, as we do a secondary and we get on future calls, we'll update and refresh some of the capital structure and also our guidance to see if we need to revise it. But I think that's probably all I can give you at this point. 
Taylor Scott: Yes, that's helpful. Second question I had is on the, I guess, the operating company level on the RemainCo General Insurance side of things. Where do you see those metrics over time? I mean one of the things that I've looked at is just decomposing the ROE, and the underwriting leverage itself seems lower at AIG, which made all the sense in the world as you guys had more volatility. 
 But as you sort of expressed in your opening comments and as you guys have sort of proven out, the volatility is significantly reduced. So where can that go to over time? What are the right metrics for us to look at? Is it RBC premium to surplus? Any help on thinking through how much more business you could write on the equity you have? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Well, we could write significantly more business based on the capital we have in the subsidiaries today. We have a lot of moving pieces. I mean, certainly, selling Validus Re gives us a lot more flexibility in terms of how we position the portfolio for next year. 
 And so I'll give you a couple of examples of that is that we underwrite property business where we pick up CAT across the world, whether it's Japan, our International business through Lexington, through Talbot, through our retail in North America. But we always had to be very cautious in terms of the overall volatility in terms of how we're correlated with Validus Re, including our reinsurance purchasing where we had certain retentions that might be lower than what our risk tolerance would assume within North America and International. We bought ILWs that benefited the group. 
 And so like as we think about how we reposition the portfolio, I believe we have a significant amount of aggregate. We have a significant amount of capital. We have businesses that are positioned to propel growth and want to focus on that. 
 Now maybe the first part of your question is, what type of leverage or how can you improve it? We recognize we have an expense issue. I mean when we look at the overall combination of our corporate expenses plus the expenses that sit in the business, yes, there's a little bit of a mix issue that when you look at some of the Personal Insurance, which are great businesses, and International may have a little bit more acquisition and GOE, but by and large, we need to get expenses out. 
 And that's the focus. That will be the leverage in terms of contributing to ROE and also getting a future-state business that is leaner and does not have duplication across the world. I mean so that's the work we've been doing this year. We will be positioned pre-deconsolidation to start implementing that operating model. 
 But I think the leverage is we have enough capital to grow, and we'll continue to grow the top line where we like the risk-adjusted returns, less volatility because we don't have a reinsurance business anymore. So we can do things a little bit differently on the primary side. And we know we have expenses that need to get out, and we're going to get them out, and that's going to drive us north of the 10% ROCE. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. 
Michael Zaremski: My question is kind of on some points that were touched on already on the portfolio transformation strategy, which has obviously been successful over the past 5 years. So Peter, you used the T word, trillion, you said $1.4 trillion limit reduction. So just curious, I think David gave us a flavor of this answer, but does that -- is there a way to frame what percentage limit reduction your average -- this average policy is? It sounded like David said it's over 50% in some of those Financial Lines?
 And just related, like how is that -- was AIG an outlier previously and you moved towards the market? Or just how has this changed your competitive position in the marketplace? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. I think you recognize how we were able to reduce volatility. When you have -- I have to even pause when I have to write out trillion because it's a big number. And $1.4 trillion of limit, I don't think that's been done in our business before, and then reposition the portfolio to drive significant profitability improvement. 
 It absolutely was an outlier. Its gross limit deployment and net limit deployment was significant relative to any of its competitors. And in order to have the type of predictable results we've been able to produce over the past couple of years, when you see the relative improvement as well as absolute improvement, we are really proud of that. You had to take out the volatility, which was the outsized limits, not only from a gross perspective, and we recognize that. 
 While we talk about it is that, yes, we're a buyer of reinsurance, it's strategic, it matters, but it's not what's driving the results. The driver of the results is the gross underwriting and the overall reduction. Everywhere you look, property, casualty, financial lines, everything is 50% plus of reduction of gross limits. And then you add on reinsurance to temper volatility, that's how we've been able to position the portfolio to have not only significantly improved results, less volatility, it's also very sustainable. And we believe that there's opportunities for further improvement. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Great. And my last, if I may, is on -- there's a lot of leadership changes over the past, right, years and quarters. I think Sabra used the term simplify structure. I guess any color you can offer on are we -- is the structure simplified, we're on baseball inning 4 or 9? Or any comments would be helpful. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sure. Look, we've had a lot of change over the last 5 years. When I look at our overall attrition, it's at all-time low. We've had a couple of senior executives that we brought in to position the organization for the future and believe that the underwriting structure that we put forward is going to be with us for a couple of years. It's going to drive the performance that we've become accustomed to. And we'll continue to bring in skill sets in the organization that supplement what we already have in order to position us for the future. 
 So I'm like really very pleased. As I said, we have very low attrition, continue to upgrade talent across the organization. And people want to come work here, which is a really positive attribute of the organization and how we position it for the future. 
 So thank you. I do have one closing remark. First of all, I'm very proud, and I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for their efforts and all that they've done to progress our strategic plans and deliver consistently strong financial results. Very proud of them. 
 I would like to say a few words about our former Chief Financial Officer, Shane Fitzsimons, who passed away on Friday, October 27. Shane had a brilliant career. He was highly thought of in the global business community and quickly earned the trust and respect of the insurance industry, which is not easy to do. 
 He was a cherished colleague here at AIG. Shane brought energy, integrity and a very positive attitude that was both contagious and inspiring. He's a big reason why AIG is where it is today. Shane was a great friend to many of us, and we're so grateful for all that he did for AIG, our stakeholders and our colleagues. 
 Thank you, and have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, and good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC provide details on important factors that could cause these actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements if circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change. 
 Today's remarks may also refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at aig.com. 
 Finally, note today's remarks as they related to net premiums written in General Insurance are presented on a constant dollar basis and where applicable, are also adjusted for the lag elimination in International that is described in our earnings release and related documents. Additionally, today's remarks will include results of AIG's Life and Retirement segment and Other Operations on the same basis as prior quarters, which is how we expect to continue to report until the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial. 
 AIG segments and U.S. GAAP financial results as well as AIG's key financial metrics with respect thereto differ from those reported by Corebridge Financial. Corebridge Financial will host its earnings call on Friday, August 4. 
 With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino. 
Peter Zaffino: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to review our second quarter financial results. Following my remarks, Sabra will provide more detail on the quarter, and then we will take questions. Kevin Hogan and David McElroy will join us for the Q&A portion of the call. 
 I am very pleased to report that AIG delivered another exceptional quarter with strong financial performance. In addition, we made significant progress on our strategic priorities that are strengthening AIG for the future. We again demonstrated our ability to deliver high-quality outcomes while executing on multiple complex initiatives during very difficult market conditions. 
 I would like to start with financial highlights from the second quarter. Adjusted after-tax income was $1.3 billion or $1.75 per diluted common share, representing a 26% increase year-over-year and the best quarterly adjusted EPS result for AIG since 2007. 
 Net premiums written in General Insurance grew 11%, led by our Commercial business, which grew 13%. Underwriting income in the quarter was approximately $600 million. The adjusted accident year combined ratio ex cats was 88%, a 50 basis point improvement year-over-year and the best result for AIG since 2007. Our cat loss ratio was 3.9% or $250 million of catastrophe losses, a terrific result against the backdrop of a very challenging cat quarter for the industry. 
 The Life and Retirement business reported very good results in the second quarter. Adjusted pretax income was $991 million, up 33% year-over-year. And premiums and deposits were over $10 billion, a 42% increase year-over-year, supported by record sales of Fixed Index Annuity products. 
 Consolidated net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.3 billion in the second quarter, a 31% increase year-over-year. In General Insurance, net investment income was $725 million, a 58% increase. 
 AIG returned $822 million to shareholders in the second quarter through $554 million of common stock repurchases and a $268 million of dividends, which reflects a 12.5% increase in our quarterly common stock dividend that we announced on our last call. As you saw in our press release, the AIG Board of Directors approved an increase to our share buyback authorization to $7.5 billion, which reflects our commitment to returning capital to shareholders, consistent with the capital management strategy we have previously outlined. 
 Lastly, our balance sheet remains very strong. And we ended the quarter with $4.3 billion in parent liquidity. During the remainder of my remarks this morning, I will provide more information on the following 5 topics. First, the significant strategic actions we took in the second quarter to reposition AIG. During that review, I will provide additional details on the divestitures of Validus Re and Crop Risk Services, the launch of Private Client Select as an MGA serving the high and ultra-high net worth markets and the actions we took with respect to Corebridge. 
 Second, I will discuss financial results for General Insurance. Third, I will give an overview of the results for Life and Retirement. Fourth, I will provide an update on capital management. And lastly, I will reconfirm our guidance with respect to our path to a 10%-plus ROCE post deconsolidation of Corebridge. 
 Turning to the strategic actions we executed on. I will start with Validus Re. In May, we announced the divestiture of Validus Re and AlphaCat to RenaissanceRe for approximately $2.75 billion in cash and $250 million in RenRe common stock. We expect to close this transaction in the fourth quarter, subject to regulatory approval. 
 We're very pleased to have RenRe as the acquirer. RenRe is a very important partner to us, a company with a terrific reputation. And we value the strong relationship we have with Kevin and his management team. We believe RenRe will be an excellent owner of Validus Re. 
 Now let me provide some highlights on our rationale for the divestiture. We acquired Validus in 2018, which at the time provided AIG with business diversification not limited just to reinsurance but also attractive specialty businesses, including Talbot and Western World, which were not part of the sale to RenRe and will remain with AIG. 
 Since 2018, we transformed Validus Re by reunderwriting the portfolio, leading to significant premium growth and improved profitability. In addition, we dramatically changed the business mix of the portfolio to achieve a more attractive balance among property, casualty and specialty businesses, improved geographic diversity and decreased peak zone exposures. 
 For AIG, this divestiture represents a key milestone on our journey as it further streamlines our business model, simplifies the structure of our global portfolio, substantially reduces volatility, which I will explain in a moment, generate additional liquidity and capital efficiencies and accelerates our capital management strategy. Due to the nature of assumed reinsurance and the portfolio mix of Validus Re, this business is capital-intensive and disproportionately contributes to AIG's overall volatility and PMLs. 
 As we have discussed over the past few years, the core objectives of the property and casualty turnaround were: to substantially improve the overall quality of AIG's global portfolio and underwriting results; reduce volatility through a massive reduction in growth limits written; better manage peak zone exposures and geographic balance; and strategically use reinsurance across our overall business. A turnaround of this magnitude is made harder when you have a treaty reinsurance business, which, by its very nature, has volatility. 
 We have completed a rigorous enterprise-wide modeling exercise using RMS version 21 to approximate the PMLs for AIG post closing, and all categories will significantly reduce. This analysis took into account AIG's exposure, Validus Re's exposure as of February 1, 2023, and combined output for both companies on an occurrence and aggregate basis. 
 Let me provide a few examples of the model output for AIG post closing of the Validus Re sale on an occurrence basis. For worldwide, all perils, net PMLs were reduced by 45% at the 1-in-250 return period. Worldwide hurricane PMLs will reduce by 60% at the 1-in-250 return period and by 70% at the 1-in-100 return period. 
 North America hurricane PMLs will reduce by 70% at the 1-100 return period. North America earthquake PMLs will reduce by 55% at the 1-250 return period. Japan typhoon PMLs will reduce by 50% at the 1-100 return period. Japan earthquake PMLs will reduce by 50% at the 1-250 return period. And for EMEA, all PMLs will decrease by 85% at the 1-250 return period and 75% at the 1-100 return period. 
 In addition to the strategic repositioning of our portfolio, there were several additional components that made the sale of Validus Re appealing for AIG. The required tangible equity that AIG will deliver to RenRe upon closing, which is $2.1 billion, is substantially below what Validus Re would have required if the business remained at AIG. 
 We will receive $900 million above the book value of Validus Re, which reflects the improved quality of the portfolio since AIG's purchase of the business in 2018. We also expect to receive, through a pre-closing dividend, excess capital in the legal entities being transferred to RenRe, which we estimate will be approximately $200 million. 
 In addition, a $1 billion intercompany loan from Validus Re to AIG will be settled through internal dividends, and we expect AIG to benefit from a $400 million reduction in risk-based capital requirements following the closing. As part of the transaction, AIG will retain 95% of future reserve changes in the portfolio delivered at closing. We will receive the benefit of future reserve releases as the portfolio matures, and we will likely purchase an adverse development cover prior to the closing to minimize potential future reserve exposure. 
 In the second quarter, we also announced and closed the sale of Crop Risk Services to American Financial Group for $240 million in cash. Crop Risk Services was part of the Validus acquisition in 2018. Over the remainder of the 2023 crop season, AIG will continue to benefit from earned premium for crop business booked since the start of the year. But as we enter 2024, this business will no longer have an impact on AIG's financial results. 
 Next, I want to provide more detail on the formation of Private Client Select as an MGA, which is now referred to as PCS. The MGA has officially launched, and we expect to add new capital providers in the coming quarters. We believe the MGA structure is ideal for PCS as it creates flexibility and alternatives for clients, agents and brokers in an environment that's becoming more complex. 
 The high and ultra-high net worth markets PCS is focused on have significant foundational challenges include loss cost pressure, inflation, increased cat exposure through increased total insured values and more concentration in peak zones, and primary and secondary peril modeling has been [indiscernible]. AIG will continue to support the MGA. And because we will be assuming risk on our balance sheet, we've established the MGA's risk framework, which is designed to improve its financial performance in 2023 and as we enter 2024. 
 Overall, we are pleased with the progress we've made with Stone Point Capital on this MGA structure. And we're well positioned to accelerate the business plan through the remainder of the year. 
 Moving to Corebridge. In June, we completed a secondary offering of Corebridge common stock with gross proceeds to AIG of $1.2 billion. The offering was well received by the market. And the new owners included a strong mix of long-term holders, which we believe results in a more stable and well-diversified shareholder base for Corebridge. 
 Also in June, Corebridge announced and paid a $400 million special dividend in addition to its $150 million ordinary quarterly dividend and completed the repurchase of $200 million of common stock from AIG and Blackstone. AIG's net proceeds from these actions were approximately $540 million. 
 At the end of the second quarter, our ownership stake in Corebridge was approximately 65%. These actions demonstrate our commitment to deconsolidation and eventually full separation. As we noted on our last call, we continue to explore all options with respect to our remaining ownership of Corebridge that are aligned with the best interest of shareholders. 
 Turning to other strategic actions we are taking in Corebridge. The previously announced sale process for Laya Healthcare, the private medical insurance business in Ireland that is part of Corebridge, is proceeding very well. We expect to announce a positive outcome from this process in the near term and expect that the proceeds from this divestiture will largely be used for a special dividend to Corebridge shareholders. 
 Additionally, we recently retained advisers to analyze strategic alternatives for the disposition of the U.K. Life business that is part of Corebridge. The dispositions of Laya and U.K. Life will streamline the Corebridge portfolio and allow its management team to focus on core Life and Retirement products and solutions in the United States. 
 Turning to General Insurance. We had another quarter of strong growth in both gross and net premiums written. Gross premiums written were $10.4 billion, an increase of 11%. Global Commercial, which represents 80% of gross premiums written, grew 15%. And Global Personal decreased 1%. 
 Net premiums written were $7.5 billion, an increase of 11%. This growth was driven by Global Commercial, which grew 13% while Global Personal grew 5%. In North America Commercial, we saw a very strong growth of 18% in net premiums written. Excluding Validus Re, net premiums written growth in North America Commercial was 13%. The major drivers were as follows: Retail Property, which grew over 50%; Validus Re, which grew 32%; and Lexington, which grew 18%, led by wholesale property and casualty. 
 I would like to provide a few additional details about Lexington's growth, given it continues to be an important part of AIG's strategy. Property grew 38% year-over-year driven by very strong retention in new business as well as strong rate increases. Submission activity was up over 30% year-over-year. Casualty grew 41%, supported by strong retention in new business, and its submission count was up over 90%. 
 In International Commercial, net premiums written grew 6% primarily driven by property, which was up 34%; Talbot, which was up 17%; and Global Specialty, which was up mid-single digits, which reflected the impact of additional reinsurance purchasing in the second quarter. 
 Global Commercial had very strong renewal retention of 88% in its in-force portfolio. International was up 200 basis points to 88%, and North America was up 200 basis points to 87%. As a reminder, we calculate renewal retention prior to the impact of rate and exposure changes. 
 And across Global Commercial, we continue to see strong new business, which was approximately $1.1 billion in the second quarter. North America Commercial, excluding Validus Re, produced new business of approximately $600 million, an increase of 10% year-over-year. 
 This growth was driven by Lexington property, which saw excellent new business growth of over 40%. Retail Property had over 50% new business growth, offset by Financial Lines, where new business contracted by over 35%. 
 International Commercial new business was $485 million, which grew 5%. This growth was led by Talbot new business, which increased over 100% year-over-year and property, which grew new business by 40%, offset by Financial Lines where new business contracted by over 20%. 
 As I noted on our last call, we continue to see headwinds in certain aspects of Financial Lines due to increased competition putting pressure on pricing. Despite these continuing dynamics, we remain disciplined on risk selection, terms and conditions and price while taking a long-term view on this line of business by not following the market down. 
 Moving to rate. In North America Commercial, excluding Validus Re, rate increased 8% in the second quarter or 9% if you exclude workers' compensation, and the exposure increase was 2%. Rate increases were driven by Lexington wholesale, which was up 23% with wholesale property up over 35% and Retail Property, which was up 30%. 
 In International Commercial, rate increased 9%, and the exposure increase was 1%. The rate increase was driven by property, which was up 21%; Talbot, which was up 14%; and Global Specialty, which was up 11% driven by global energy, which was up 21%. Rate plus exposure was 10% in North America, 11% if you exclude workers' compensation and 10% in International, which in each case remains above loss cost trend. 
 Turning to Personal Insurance. Note that second quarter results in North America Personal reflected the fact that PCG was transitioning to become Private Client Select. North America Personal net premiums written increased 17% primarily driven by lower quota share sessions in PCG, offset by decreases in travel and warranty. Overall, we had strong growth in net premiums written of 17% with PCG net premiums written growing over 60%. 
 With PCS now officially launched as an MGA, there are several components of AIG's business in the high and ultra-high net worth markets that will result in improved financial performance for AIG over the balance of 2023. First, as we outlined in prior calls, over the last few years, we evolved the model for our high and ultra-high net worth business such that we expect net premiums written to grow significantly over the remainder of the year with our current expectations showing net premiums written increasing over 75% in the third and fourth quarters. 
 Second, the lag and earned premium growth that we saw in the first quarter of 2023 dissipated. And we saw a 36% growth in earned premium in the second quarter. And we expect that earned premium growth will continue to accelerate in the third and fourth quarter. The additional earned premium will provide operating leverage, which will reduce our GOE ratio in the third and fourth quarter. 
 Third, AIG has [indiscernible] costs from the transition of PCG to an MGA. And we expect to eliminate these costs over the next 18 months. 
 Fourth, we expect the accident year loss ratio for our high and ultra-high net worth business will improve with the combination of improved pricing in our admitted business and more business migrating to the non-admitted market, which already had a very positive impact on PCG's accident and policy year loss ratios in prior quarters. This should earn in for our high and ultra-high net worth business through the second half of 2023 and into 2024. 
 In International Personal, net premiums written increased 1% year-over-year. The modest growth was driven by travel and personal property in Japan. Overall, our key focus continues to be growing Accident & Health and our business in Japan. 
 Shifting to combined ratios. As I noted earlier, the second quarter accident year combined ratio ex-CATs was 88%, a 50 basis point improvement year-over-year. In Global Commercial, the second quarter accident year combined ratio ex-CATs was 84.4%, a 90 basis point improvement year-over-year. 
 The North America Commercial accident year combined ratio ex-CATs was 85.1%, a 310 basis point improvement year-over-year. And the International Commercial accident year combined ratio ex-CATs was 83.1%, which continues to be an outstanding level of profitability. Global Personal reported a second quarter accident year combined ratio ex-CATs of 98.1%, a 170 basis point increase from the prior year quarter, largely due to a decrease in earned premium. 
 Now I'd like to provide some context around midyear reinsurance renewals and recent conditions in the reinsurance market before moving to Life and Retirement. We purchased our major reinsurance treaties at January 1. However, approximately 20% of our overall core reinsurance purchasing occurs in the second quarter as we have a number of core midyear renewals, predominantly in specialty classes, and they were all successfully placed. 
 In addition, we decided to purchase additional retrocessional protection for Validus Re and a low excess of loss reinsurance placement for Private Client Group ahead of the wind season. Overall, the market exhibited more orderly behavior during midyear renewals amidst more stable trading conditions compared to January 1. Reinsure appetite for more discrete purchases increased somewhat, enabling a number of buyers to make up for shortfalls in coverage experienced at January 1. 
 Overall, midyear property cat pricing increased 25% to 35% year-over-year in the U.S. driven by Florida. This was the second year in a row of substantial rate increases. International renewals, driven by Australia and New Zealand, saw price increase 20% to 50% with higher increases resulting from loss activity in the region. 
 In previous calls, I touched on the increase in catastrophe losses from secondary perils. Through the first half of 2023, the industry has already experienced over $50 billion of insured losses, the majority of which were due to secondary perils, making 2023 already the fourth highest year on an inflation-adjusted basis. 
 A majority of insured losses continue to occur in the United States, highlighting the difficulty of managing volatility in the largest insurance market in the world. Against this challenging backdrop and a strengthened reinsurance rating environment, we maintained our conservative risk appetite and continue to have one of the lowest peak peril net positions in the market while managing our overall reinsurance spend. 
 Additionally, through each of our renewals, we maintain all of our principal relationships with our key reinsurance partners. While we are exiting the assumed reinsurance business through the sale of Validus Re, our ownership of RenRe common stock that we will receive as part of the purchase price consideration, coupled with our ability to invest up to $500 million in RenRe's capital partner vehicles, will allow us to continue to participate and benefit from partnering with a world-class reinsurer with less risk and capital requirements. 
 Turning to Life Retirement. As I noted earlier, the business produced very good results in the second quarter. Adjusted pretax income was $991 million. And adjusted return on segment equity was 12.2%, representing a 250 basis point improvement year-over-year. 
 Premiums and deposits grew 42% year-over-year to $10 billion driven by record Fixed Index Annuity sales. Corebridge ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet with parent liquidity of $1.6 billion and a financial leverage ratio of 28%. Over the second quarter, we continue to make good progress against the Corebridge operational separation so that it can eventually be a fully standalone company. 
 A key focus has been executing against IT separation, which we believe will be substantially complete by the end of this year. To date, approximately 55% of the transition service agreements put in place at the time of the IPO have already been exited. 
 Now turning to capital management. As I noted earlier, in the second quarter, we returned approximately $822 million to shareholders through common stock repurchases and dividends. And the additional $400 million of common stock we repurchased in July brings a total amount of capital we've returned to shareholders since the beginning of the second quarter to over $1.2 billion. 
 In addition, we continue to focus on maintaining well-capitalized subsidiaries to enable profitable growth across our global portfolio. And we remain committed to having a leverage ratio in the low 20s and a share count between 600 million to 650 million post deconsolidation of Corebridge. 
 The additional liquidity we will have following the closing of the sale of Validus Re will largely be used for share repurchases, which we expect to accelerate beginning in the fourth quarter and as we enter 2024. We also plan to use some of the proceeds from the sale of Validus Re to reduce outstanding debt. 
 Lastly with respect to ROCE. We remain highly committed to delivering a 10%-plus ROCE post deconsolidation of Corebridge. During the second quarter, we continued to make meaningful progress on all 4 components of our path to deliver on this commitment. As a reminder, these are sustain and improve underwriting profitability; executing on a simpler, leaner business model across AIG with lower expenses across the organization; operational separation and deconsolidation of Corebridge; and continued balanced capital management. The sequencing of each component has been very important. 
 We are now able to accelerate this work with the GI underwriting turnaround, AIG 200 and the investment group restructuring largely behind us and the operational separation of Corebridge further along, in addition to divestitures, which I've already outlined. As I stated on our last call, we're moving away from AIG's historical conglomerate structure to being a leading global insurance company with a leaner and better defined parent company. 
 We continue to expect approximately $500 million in cost reductions across AIG with a cost to achieve of approximately $400 million with substantially faster earn-in of savings than we saw with AIG 200. Sabra will provide more details on our path to a 10%-plus ROCE in her remarks. 
 Overall, I could not be more pleased with our progress and what we've accomplished in the first half of the year. Our strong momentum continues, and we have a very solid foundation to build on for the future. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Sabra. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Peter. This morning, I will provide more detail on second quarter results, including net investment income and underwriting performance, provide a balance sheet update and review the drivers of our path to a 10%-plus adjusted ROCE. 
 Starting with second quarter results. As Peter noted, adjusted after-tax income was $1.3 billion, up 15% from last year or an annualized adjusted ROCE of 9.4%. Adjusted after-tax income per diluted share was $1.75, up 26% from last year, reflecting the impact of share repurchases on EPS. 
 Second quarter results were consistent with recent trends: strong underwriting margins and higher net investment income in General Insurance; increased base investment yields; and spreads and strong sales in Life and Retirement and continued expense reduction in balanced capital management and Corporate and Other. 
 Turning to net investment income. On an APTI basis, investment income improved significantly, up 31% from last year and up 7% sequentially on a consolidated basis and also rose in each segment. Reinvestment rates are driving higher yields. The average new money yield was 5.46%, about 210 basis points above the yield on sales and maturities. 
 In General Insurance, this increased the yield on the fixed maturities and loan portfolios 93 basis points over last year and 23 basis points sequentially. In Life and Retirement, the yield improved 75 basis points and 15 basis points, respectively. 
 Alternative investment returns also improved this quarter, although they remain below our long-term outlook totaling $147 million for an annualized return of 6.0%. Credit performance has been strong with more upgrades than downgrades in the fixed maturity portfolios and continued derisking of lower-rated assets. 
 Commercial property valuations continue to face downward pressure from higher cap rates, which impacts loan to values on commercial mortgage loans and investment returns on real estate equity funds. However, debt service coverage ratios are holding up well and are generally strong across the portfolio, including office. 
 Turning to General Insurance. APTI was $1.3 billion, up $62 million from the prior year. Net investment income rose by $267 million. And underwriting income for the current accident year, excluding catastrophe losses, were $73 million. 
 Total catastrophe losses were $250 million, up $129 million and included $56 million of first quarter CAT mostly from U.S. events, including a tornado that occurred at quarter end. This was a very solid result, as Peter noted, given the high level of industry catastrophe losses, particularly in North America. 
 North America cat losses were $159 million, while International totaled $91 million, largely from Typhoon Mawar. During the second quarter, we conducted North America casualty DVRs, or detailed valuation reviews, which reviewed about 20% of reserves compared to 15% last year. 
 In our DVRs, we focus on changes in frequency and severity trends, including social and other types of inflation as well as changes in claims trends and settlements such as occurred during COVID. As we noted previously, casualty bodily injury and medical workers' comp trends in our book have been and continue to be more favorable than our reserving assumptions. 
 Our approach in these situations is to react quickly to adverse development, but to be conservative and wait to recognize favorable trends until accident years are more mature. We maintain the same approach for the COVID accident years where claims development patterns in many casualty lines slowed. 
 For those years, we have lagged our development factors to allow more time for claims patterns to mature as we are taking the conservative position that industry claims experience will revert to pre-COVID patterns. In addition to the results of the DVRs, prior year development also includes amortization of the ADC gain, changes in prior year catastrophe losses and impacts from loss-sensitive lines that are not related to DVRs. 
 In this quarter, prior year development net of reinsurance and prior year premiums was $25 million favorable. This was made up of $115 million of favorable loss reserve development, partially offset by $90 million of prior year return premium. The lower favorable development compared to last year is mainly attributable to the excess workers' compensation DVR, which was favorable by about $75 million in second quarter last year but is being completed in the third quarter of this year. 
 Our favorable loss reserve development included $167 million from North American Commercial Lines, including $41 million of ADC amortization, $50 million of favorable development from our Agrium loss-sensitive portfolio and $74 million of favorable development resulting from North America DVRs. This was partially offset by $62 million of unfavorable development in International Commercial Lines, principally from a multiyear legacy casualty policy that was written with much higher limits than we do today. 
 In the third quarter, DVRs will cover nearly 70% of reserves, including Financial Lines. Financial Lines claims have not returned to the levels we experienced pre-COVID, which we believe reflects improved underwriting, better loss selection, continued ventilation of risk, our reinsurance strategy and achieving appropriate levels of rate. 
 With respect to underwriting. AIG's share of U.S. public company D&O securities class actions where we are the primary insurer is down from 42% in 2017 to about 20% at the end of the second quarter of this year. 
 With respect to rate. Since 2018, the compounded increases in the Financial Lines portfolio for corporate and national accounts are greater than 60% and 50%, respectively. However, consistent with our conservative approach, in addition to the lag development factors, we are placing more weight on longer-term experience and balancing out more favorable recent trends. 
 Turning to Life and Retirement. As Peter noted, second quarter results were strong with APTI up 30% over 2Q '22, driven by higher spread in underwriting margins and strong sales in Fixed Index Annuities. Both spreads and underwriting margins remain attractive, and fee margins improved with more favorable capital market levels compared to last year. 
 Base net investment spreads in Individual and Group Retirement continued to widen with 64 basis points improvement year-over-year and 9 basis points sequentially driven by reinvestment rates. Individual Retirement APTI increased $215 million or 58% from 2Q '22 driven by base spread expansion and growth in general account products. Positive net flows to the general account were about $400 million. 
 Group Retirement APTI grew by $21 million or 12% driven by continued base spread expansion despite negative flows in the general account. Life Insurance APTI decreased $42 million, or 35%, primarily due to lower other yield enhancement income, partially offset by improved base portfolio returns and marginally favorable mortality experience. Institutional markets delivered very strong results with APTI up $50 million or 65% driven by investment income and reserve growth. Second quarter premiums and deposits reached $2.9 billion with $1.9 billion of pension risk transfer activity and $970 million of GIC transactions. 
 Turning to AIG's Other Operations. Second quarter adjusted pretax loss improved by $41 million over last year driven by an $80 million improvement in corporate and other due to the 4Q '22 sale of legacy investment portfolios that had losses of $119 million in 2Q '22. Corporate general operating expenses of $242 million included $67 million of Corebridge expenses, including separation expenses. Excluding Corebridge and separation-related expenses, corporate GOE decreased $19 million from the prior year. 
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to execute on our balanced capital management strategy with share repurchases, an increase in our common stock dividend and repayment of maturing debt. We ended the quarter with AIG parent liquidity of $4.3 billion. 
 We remain committed to maintaining strong capitalization in our insurance subsidiaries to support risk and growth. The General Insurance U.S. pool risk-based capital ratio is estimated in the 470% to the 480% range, and Life and Retirement is projected to be above its 400% target. 
 We repaid a $388 million debt maturity in the second quarter and continue to target debt leverage in the low 20s post deconsolidation of Corebridge. At June 30, consolidated debt and preferred stock to total capital, excluding AOCI, was 26.0%, including about $9.4 billion of Corebridge debt. Book value per common share was $58.49 on June 30, 2023, up 6% from year-end. Adjusted book value per common share was $75.76 per share, flat from year-end. 
 Turning to ROCE. We remain intently focused and are making progress on achieving a 10%-plus adjusted ROCE post deconsolidation. Year-to-date, annualized adjusted ROCE for AIG was 9.1% on a consolidated basis and 11.8% in General Insurance and 11.4% in Life and Retirement. 
 Capital management and rightsizing our equity base for AIG post deconsolidation are material levers for achieving our adjusted ROCE goal. In the near term, we will accelerate share repurchases in the fourth quarter and into 2024 with the additional liquidity from Validus proceeds, in addition to ordinary course liquidity generated by our business operations through subsidiary dividends and ongoing profitability. 
 We will balance these share repurchases with additional debt reduction consistent with our leverage target. We are committed to achieving a share count between 600 million and 650 million shares post deconsolidation, which we will be able to achieve with the increase in our share repurchase program to $7.5 billion. 
 Based on the size, risk profile and profitability of our General Insurance business and holding company needs today, we estimate a pro forma GAAP equity base, excluding AOCI, of approximately $40 billion for AIG ex-Corebridge. This is inclusive of about $4 billion in deferred tax asset NOLs that we exclude for adjusted common shareholders' equity calculation. 
 Considering this equity level and our plans to simplify AIG's business and operational structure, reduce volatility and drive more predictable and sustainable profitability, we are confident that we will achieve our adjusted ROCE goal. We look forward to continuing to update you on our progress. 
 With that, I will turn the call back over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Sabra. And operator, we're ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Congrats on the quarter. I was hoping we could focus in on the general -- the North American Commercial business a little bit. I'm getting some questions about the growth. If you sort of assume a certain amount of growth is related to the price increases sort of ex-Validus and whether or not we saw a fair amount of growth -- just sort of if you normalize [indiscernible] Validus. Sorry, I know you gave a lot of detail there, but maybe if you could kind of simplify it for -- that'd be fantastic. 
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Thanks, Paul. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, we are very pleased with our overall growth across the world. And retention is up, new business was terrific and balanced. And rate, well above loss cost, was evident in so many parts of our business. 
 If I unpack it as you asked, I mean, look at North America, we discussed Validus Re, was up 32%, but it's not cyclically its largest quarter. It was basically 25% of North America. But other businesses had tremendous quarters. 
 Lexington had 18% growth. But that was also part of us discontinuing a big program that we didn't like the risk-adjusted returns that had an impact on top line premium growth. And so I would look at Lexington in terms of casualty, which was 40% growth. Lexington property, which was 35% growth. Retail property was up over 50% in the quarter, and I outlined the rate increases were north of 30% for 2 quarters in a row. 
 Our actual retail casualty business was up in the high single digits. So it was a very good outcome for net premium written in North America. The headwind was Financial Lines, which was down a little bit over 10%, but that is something that is specific to North America. But we have a really good balance in growth. 
 If I look at -- I'll just expand a little bit in terms of International. We had really strong growth in property. Our syndicate Talbot was up 17%. International Specialty, I drew it out as a mid-single-digit growth net premium written in the quarter. We had some discretionary spends on treaty reinsurance. On a gross basis, it grew over 40%. And I want to call out, Financial Lines is not experiencing the same headwinds as North America, and International was flat. And that's our largest business in the second quarter in International. So had a little bit more of the weight in terms of the overall growth. But I thought it was really balanced, really well done and all the fundamentals we're executing on. 
Jon Paul Newsome: And my second question, I wanted to ask about the cat load in particular in North America as we think of it going forward. I mean, clearly, from the data you showed us, you talked about on the call the volatility piece or the tail is going to be reduced a lot on Validus Re. On an ongoing basis, do you also see kind of a reduction in the cat load from the efforts that you're making with Validus Re and other pieces and changes that you [indiscernible]? 
Peter Zaffino: Yes, thanks, Paul. I gave probably a little bit more PML information than people may have liked, but it's really the story is 3 components. One is what we did in the reunderwriting to reduce gross exposure across AIG. By the way, including Validus Re over the last several years. And we shed over $1 trillion of limit most of it property. And so that had an effect on exposure and PMLs at all return periods. 
 I think the reinsurance programs that we bought are world-class. We keep calling that out, but in a very challenging and difficult environment at 1/1, we did not compromise by taking a lot more net because of reinsurance pricing. It reflected our book. We got great partners. And as a result, we didn't really have more net in terms of overall low-return peered PMLs. 
 And so what I drew out in the Validus Re example, again, is on occurrence. It was the RMS model. We'll work through it. We got plenty of aggregate as to drive businesses that exists within AIG. But yes, I mean, like it's a different company. I mean, we're not going to have the tail exposure. But also at all return periods, we're going to have less cat. We've managed aggregates across the world and look at Validus Re as a very good business. But as I said, when we want to continue to reduce volatility, we do that through reinsurance. But when you have a treaty reinsurance business that is -- got a portfolio that has a lot of cat, that's harder to do. So I think the volatility, the cat loads will go down. By the very nature, we're going to lose a big part of our cat exposure. But we've been conservative on that and increased them this year and are very comfortable with our estimates and our actual results. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Peter, you gave us a lot of detail about rate and exposure changes. And we saw a little bit of sequential improvement. But I was wondering if you could talk about changes in the gap between rate increases and loss trends from the first quarter to the second quarter of this year. 
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Meyer. We have given guidance. So let me start with the loss cost inflation, which is still at 6.5. And you can imagine in a company like ours, I mean, it's an index. And so we look at each line of business each quarter, make minor modifications or as we did in the back half of last year just based on inflation, more meaningful adjustments. 
 I'm really pleased with the discipline the company is showing on driving rate above loss cost, and we've done that across the world. So the rate environment in the second quarter was very strong. I gave you the guidance on the prepared remarks of North America excluding work comp, 9%; International at 9%. The drivers for this Retail Property, excess and surplus lines and our specialty businesses, the headwind for rate in North America was Financial Lines. And it's worth noting again that we have a very big footprint. 
 And I mentioned in the prior question that International is not experiencing the same rate issues. And again, when I look back over the last 14 quarters, each quarter has been a positive rate increase in Financial Lines. So it's different for our International portfolio versus our domestic. And we continue to look at businesses like properties getting a lot of attention, but you can't look at that as a single quarter. 
 I mentioned before, cost increases on the loss cost side, inflation, cost of capital, but also the cost of reinsurance for the industry, ours was a high single-digit risk-adjusted increase at 1/1. But those reinsurance costs in the industry are going to need to play in over the course of a year or maybe even like in Europe's case, into the first quarter, absent anything happening through cat season. So I think this is the market that we're in. It's a disciplined market. The cost of capital is more expensive, and we're going to be very prudent in where we deploy capital. But I'm very comfortable that we are driving margin on a written basis, and that will continue as we get to the back half of the year. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's very helpful. One thing that you said in your prepared remarks also that surprised me was that you're seeing a huge uptick in casualty submissions in Lexington. I think we expected the property side. I was hoping if you can dig a little bit deeper into what's going on in specialty casualty. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Well, Lexington is just a great story. When we look at -- we had record submission count across Lexington. We drove very strong growth at the top line, but it's one of our most profitable businesses. And Dave McElroy, Lou Levinson, who leads Lexington, this has all been about driving value for our distribution partners and wholesale brokers. And we've been asking for submission activity on all lines of business. 
 And so when we're going to deploy property, yes, we have aggregate. Yes, the performance has been very good. Yes, the growth opportunity is there on its own. But we have been very focused on driving opportunities across the portfolio, and we're asking for the business. 
 And so like the submission activity is substantial. And then I think being one of the largest wholesale underwriters and respected as one of the top in terms of underwriting excellence, we're getting looks at multiple lines of business. And we have staffed up in order to take on that additional volume on the property and casualty side. So I was very pleased that the team executed as well as it did, and I expect that to continue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. 
Yaron Kinar: First question, I guess, going back to Paul's question on Validus. Could you offer us like a pro forma margin profile for North America Commercial ex the Validus sale, maybe even ex the crop business? 
Peter Zaffino: It's a very good question, but I have to follow up with a question back to you. Do you want it over a longer period of time? Because I mean, looking at a cat business in the second quarter and again, I'm happy to provide some detail. It was accretive by a little over 100 basis points in the quarter to a combined ratio. 
 But don't forget, its acquisition ratio is higher than our normal business. The loss ratio was slightly below based on dynamics going on in the market today. When I look at our overall business and ones that I continue to highlight, Lexington specialty, our property, a little more accretive than Validus Re. 
 So I wouldn't have the impression that it's going to be highly dilutive. Obviously, it's done really well in the first half of the year. But if I go back the last 3 to 4 years, last year is the first year we were able to publish a combined ratio below 100. And so looking at the combined ratios of the business overall, it's been a positive contributor in the first half of this year. But in terms of the business, we have a lot of business to perform better. And we have -- in terms of the index, I don't think it will materially impact us. 
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And maybe just as a clarification. Your commentary, is that on a reported basis or underlying? 
Peter Zaffino: Both. But we don't break it out. But I mean, in terms of looking at it from 2018 through 2022, 2022 was the first year on a fully low to combined ratio is below 100. 
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then my second question, given the secondary and Corebridge and we're starting to see a line of sight to below 50%, can you maybe offer us a precise threshold for deconsolidation? 
Peter Zaffino: No. I can't offer you precise, but I can give you some guidance in terms of what we're thinking if that's okay. 
Yaron Kinar: Sure. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. So the secondary is our base case. And we would expect to do something hopefully before year-end, subject to market conditions. I think what we have proven over time is that we want to be prepared. And so we prepared for the IPO, ended up delaying it just based on market conditions, prepared on the secondary. And so we will be prepared to go before year-end. 
 I think Corebridge is doing very well in its business performance, its operation as a public company. And then we have made enormous progress of getting it ready to be a standalone public company once we deconsolidate. They're executing very well on the management plan. 
 Again, Kevin will outline it in detail on Friday, but they're able to execute on capital management now with share repurchases as well as ordinary dividend. And so we certainly want to continue to sell down at a reasonable pace, but it's just going to be subject to market conditions and where the business is. 
Yaron Kinar: Peter, I apologize. I was not really focused on the timing. I was more interested on what the precise percentage would be to see deconsolidation. Is it the second we drop below 50%? 
Peter Zaffino: Depending on Board structure. But if we modify the Board structure, it would be below 50%. But on the current Board structure, we'd have to go below 45%. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. 
Taylor Scott: First one I had is on the capital deployment. I mean, I think one of the most challenging things to sort of model and forecast from the outside right now is just how you'll go about deploying the proceeds from a lot of the actions you're taking, including the separation of Corebridge. So I was just interested if there's any updated thoughts. I know in the past, you guys have kind of given the share count range. Any thoughts you'd provide or guidance as it relates to where the share count could go from here? 
Peter Zaffino: I think what we've outlined is still the base case. We ended up in the low 700s in terms of our share count. Sabra did a very good job of outlining the liquidity that we have and liquidity that will be coming in. 
 We have focused on the 4 components in a very rigorous way of making sure that we have capital and subsidiaries to drive the growth in a market that we think is very favorable. We increased our dividend this year, and so we want to continue to focus on that. 
 Our leverage in the low 20s, and Sabra and I both indicated, we'll do some cleanup on debt because the impact of share repurchases, you need to continue to still retire debt. And the main focus from liquidity is going to be on share repurchase, and that will be highly correlated to when we close on RenRe. 
 We'll be active in the market in the third quarter. And I really couldn't give you much more guidance on that other than we're really focused on the share repurchase and getting to that 600 million to 650 million shares. 
Taylor Scott: Got it. That makes sense. I guess a follow-up sort of in the same vein. In terms of organic deployment, I listen to the PML comments you're making and think about the volatility and how much better it is and then the fact that you guys, I think, still have below-average underwriting leverage, at least when we sort of look at like premiums to surplus, those kind of metrics. Do you have the capacity to be able to fund this greater growth, whether it's in Lexington and some other businesses in General Insurance, without using so much of the proceeds from the strategic actions? 
Peter Zaffino: We do, and it's been a big focus for us. Sabra, do you want to expand on that a little bit? 
Sabra Purtill: Yes. Thanks. I would just note, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, that the risk-based capital ratios in our U.S. pool are in the range of 470% to 480%, which is well above our target range of 400% to 420%. So we have ample capacity within the General Insurance businesses today to support growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. 
Michael Zaremski: My question is about the exist -- remaining portfolio post the sale of Validus pending in the crop business. Are there other and what you did on the -- what you're doing on the personal line side. Are there other pieces of the portfolio that still need additional optimization? Or are we kind of mostly through the major actions? 
Peter Zaffino: I think we're through most of the major actions. We have to focus more on Personal Insurance, and then we have been certainly, the -- we spent a lot of time on the ultra and high net worth business and the actions that we're taking there in terms of improving it. And we'll see that as we go to the back half of '23 and into '24. 
 Japan is a big focus for us, and it's a terrific business, one that has terrific scale, performs very well, needs more digital investment. And we have such a wide distribution of agents that we can scale more products. So we'll see some investment in Japan on digital workflow and digital interfacing with customers. And we've been working through that over the past 12 to 18 months. So I would expect to see improved performance there. 
 And then also our Global Accident & Health business, which performs very well mostly overseas in International, but that's going to have investment. And we would expect to see more growth and more profitability improvement there. 
 But I don't -- it's not major. It's more of just making strategic investments in order to position the portfolio to be more advantageous. So those will be the areas of focus. But after Validus Re, we had a very active quarter and certainly would not expect another one of those, but we are going to continue to try to drive improvement throughout the portfolio. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Great. And my follow-up is switching gears, thinking about AIG's long-term kind of combined ratio inclusive of other expenses. If we're thinking longer term, you've done a great job improving the loss ratio. We're clear that there's still -- you have guidance on expenses coming down. 
 But when you say longer term, most of the wood's been chopped in the loss ratio, and we should be thinking about overall expenses is kind of getting you to the double-digit ROE land sustainably? Or is there still loss ratio components such as maybe reserves and whatnot that could continue to improve over time? 
Peter Zaffino: No, I think you're thinking of it the right way. I mean, we've done an incredible job in terms of getting the portfolio that was in existence in '17 and '18 to where it is today. We know that we're an outlier on the expense ratio. That's a big part of what we're doing in the future operating model. And we'll start to show more and more evidence of that in the coming quarters and as we go into 2024. 
 I did mention not to repeat the first part of the answer, but I do think that there's loss ratio and combined ratio opportunity for improvement in Personal Insurance. And we're heavily focused on that in terms of its balance across all of AIG. But when we look at the improvement in ROCE, expenses is going to be a big part of it. And as we focus on getting to our future operating model, that scale and discipline around having an expense ratio that's more favorable will be a huge focus of this management team. 
 Okay. Thanks. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I hope you have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you for participating at today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's First Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded.
 Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, Michelle, and good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC provided details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements if circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change.
 Additionally, today's remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at aig.com.
 Finally, today's remarks will include results of AIG's Life and Retirement segment and Other Operations on the same basis as prior quarters, which is how we expect to continue to report until the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial. AIG's segments and U.S. GAAP financial results as well as AIG's key financial metrics, with respect thereto, differ from those reported by Corebridge Financial. Corebridge Financial will host its earnings call on Tuesday, May 9. 
 With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to review our first quarter financial results. Following my remarks, Sabra will provide more financial detail in the quarter, and then we will take questions. Kevin Hogan and David McElroy will be available for the Q&A portion of the call.
 As you saw in our press release, we reported an excellent start to the year. We continue to make meaningful progress across AIG and achieve important milestones, even in the face of ongoing complexity in the insurance industry, volatile market conditions and general economic uncertainty. We continue to diligently execute on our strategic and operational priorities, which drove very strong financial results in the first quarter and are positioning AIG for long-term value creation. Here are some highlights from the first quarter.
 Adjusted after-tax income was $1.2 billion or $1.63 per diluted common share, representing a 9% increase year-over-year. Net investment income on a consolidated basis was $3.1 billion. In 2022, we began to take proactive steps to improve the credit quality, construction and return characteristics of our investment portfolio as well as to reduce volatility. We saw the benefits of these actions in the first quarter and expect that to continue throughout the year. Sabra will provide additional detail on net investment income in her remarks.
 Net premiums written in General Insurance grew 10% on a constant dollar basis and adjusted for the International lag elimination that we discussed on our last call. This growth was driven by our Commercial business. Underwriting income was approximately $500 million, a 13% increase year-over-year, which is AIG's strongest first quarter underwriting result.
 The accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 88.7%, an 80 basis point improvement from prior year.
 Life and Retirement reported very good results, with premiums and deposits of $10.4 billion in the first quarter, a 44% increase year-over-year, supported by record sales in fixed annuity and fixed index annuity products.
 Net flows into the General Account from Individual Retirement were approximately $1.3 billion.
 Corebridge and Blackstone have made substantial progress advancing their strategic partnership, which began in late 2021. Since that time, Blackstone has invested approximately $11 billion on behalf of Corebridge, with an average gross yield of 6.5% and an average credit rating of A. This partnership has allowed Corebridge to expand in certain asset classes where we had limited to no access in the past, which has been very beneficial for the business and is helping to support growth, particularly in fixed annuity products.
 We returned approximately $840 million to shareholders in the first quarter through $600 million of common stock repurchases and $240 million of dividends. And we ended the first quarter with strong parent liquidity of $3.9 billion. Overall, I'm very pleased with what we accomplished in the first quarter. The strong momentum we had coming into 2023 continues.
 As we announced last night, the AIG Board approved the first meaningful increase to AIG's common stock quarterly dividend in many years. Starting in the second quarter, this dividend will be $0.36 per share, an increase of 12.5%. This is another significant milestone for AIG and reflects our commitment to a disciplined, balanced capital management strategy and our confidence in the future earnings power of AIG.
 Corebridge is also achieving important milestones. Since its IPO in September of last year, Corebridge has paid 3 dividends to public shareholders, totaling approximately $450 million. And yesterday, the Corebridge Board authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program. During the first quarter, we were prepared to launch a secondary offering of Corebridge common stock, but chose not to proceed when equity markets became volatile due to issues in the financial sector.
 We continue to be prepared and disciplined in terms of executing a secondary offering, which remains our base case for selling down our ownership in Corebridge, subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals. We remain committed to reducing our ownership interest in Corebridge and will explore other options that are aligned with the best interest of shareholders.
 During the remainder of my remarks this morning, I'll provide more information on the following 5 topics: first, I will review the first quarter results for General Insurance; second, I will give a high-level overview of the results for Life and Retirement, and Sabra will provide more detail in her remarks; third, I will provide an update on a few strategic initiatives, including the announcement last week relating to Private Client Services, our MGA partnership with Stone Point Capital, our announcement on Tuesday of the sale of Crop Risk Services and our intent to sell Laya Healthcare, which is a part of Corebridge and Ireland's second largest health insurance provider; fourth, I will provide more information on capital management actions; lastly, I will review progress on our path to a 10%-plus ROCE, including an update on the work we are doing on the future state business model of AIG.
 Turning to General Insurance. Let me provide more detail on first quarter results, starting with our strong growth in gross and net premiums written. When we refer to gross and net premiums written, all numbers have been adjusted for both foreign exchange and the impact of the lag elimination.
 Gross premiums written were $12 billion, an increase of 9%, with Global Commercial growing 13% and Global Personal decreasing 4%. Net premiums written were $7 billion, an increase of 10%. This growth was primarily driven by Global Commercial, which grew 11%, while Global Personal grew 6%.
 In North America Commercial, we saw a very strong growth of 15% in net premiums written due to Validus Re, which had over 40% growth year-over-year due to the exceptional results we achieved with our January 1 treaty placements, which I discussed in detail on our last call. Lexington, which grew over 25%, led by Wholesale Property and Casualty, double-digit growth in Captive Solutions and Glatfelter.
 Focusing on Lexington for a moment, I would like to highlight a few achievements from the first quarter. The business continues to drive excellent performance, impressive growth and has consistently improved its portfolio quarter after quarter over the last couple of years. Lexington's tremendous growth has been achieved through its relevance in the marketplace and increasing its market share, not from increasing limits deployed. Strong retention, new business and rate have been the key drivers of Lexington's financial performance. Lexington has now seen double-digit rate increases for 16 consecutive quarters, and cumulative compounded rate increases totaled over 100% since the first quarter of 2018.
 Additionally, over the last few years, the average size of a Lexington Property primary policy went from $100 million in limits deployed to $5 million. This has substantially reduced volatility in Lexington's portfolio. Our thoughtful and prudent growth strategy, together with our shift in focus to wholesale distribution, continues to serve us well, particularly in the E&S market.
 I also want to provide more color on Validus Re. We've provided significant detail on the 1/1 renewal season on our last call, and I think it's worth expanding on a few items from the first quarter. Net premiums written were very strong and balanced in Validus Re, and we continue to meaningfully improve the quality of the portfolio. Rate improvements were particularly strong in U.S. Property, International Property, Marine and Energy, Casualty and Specialty Lines.
 With respect to April 1 renewals across the portfolio, gross and net premiums written increased. And within International Property, limits deployed were reduced slightly, and Japan property cat risk-adjusted rates were up approximately 20%.
 As we consider our deployment strategy at the June 1 renewal cycle, which focuses on U.S. wind exposure, we will continue to maintain a prudent approach on limits deployed. We do not expect to deploy additional limits beyond our current aggregate allocated to Florida, although we do anticipate significant rate increases and improved terms and conditions. Like General Insurance, the Validus Re portfolio has been completely re-underwritten with a focus on risk-adjusted returns. The business had a terrific first quarter and is well positioned for profitable growth through the rest of the year.
 Shifting back to our 15% net premiums written growth in the first quarter, this result was impressive despite the headwinds we continue to see in Financial Lines, where overall net premiums written contracted 9% due to increased competition putting pressure on pricing as well as continued slowdown in M&A and other transactional business.
 We are one of the very few lead markets in large account public D&O where primary rates have remained relatively flat year-over-year. In contrast, high excess public company D&O saw rate declines greater than 20%. To put this in perspective, this represents a little over 5% of our overall North America Financial Lines business, and we will continue to manage this book very prudently. We have deep domain knowledge and experience, data, best-in-class underwriting capabilities and leading claims expertise that allow us to differentiate ourselves in the D&O marketplace.
 During the past year, we continued to see new competitors with limited experience into the high excess public D&O market. This is driving down pricing in what is traditionally the most commoditized portion of a placement. Despite these dynamics, we remain disciplined on price and are taking a long-term view of this line of business. We have significant scale and geographic balance on our portfolio, and we will not follow the market down.
 Turning to International Commercial. Net premiums written grew 6%, primarily due to Property, which was up over 40%; Global Specialty, which was up over 15%; and Casualty, which was up over 15%. Global Commercial had very strong renewal retention of 88% in its in-force portfolio, International was up 200 basis points to 88%, and North America was up 100 basis points to 87%. As a reminder, we calculate renewal retention prior to the impact of rate and exposure changes. And across Global Commercial, we continue to see strong new business, which was over $1 billion in the first quarter.
 International Commercial new business was over $590 million, led by Specialty, which increased its new business by over 50%, driven by Energy and Marine. North America Commercial, excluding Validus Re, achieved new business of over $480 million, driven by Lexington, which saw excellent new business growth of over 50%. With respect to rate in North America Commercial, excluding Validus Re, rates increased 7% in the first quarter or 8% if you exclude workers' compensation, and the exposure increase was 2%.
 In North America Commercial, rate was driven by Lexington wholesale, which was up 26% with Wholesale Property up 35%. For Lexington Property Wholesale, this was its strongest quarterly rate increase. Rate in Retail Property was also up significantly at 32%; International Commercial rate increases were 8%, driven by Talbot at 16%, International Property at 11% and Specialty at 9%. The exposure increase in the International portfolio was 2%. Rate plus exposure remains above loss cost trend at 9% in North America, 10% if you exclude workers' compensation and 10% in International. 
 Turning to Personal Insurance. First quarter results reflect our continued repositioning of this business, especially PCG, given our announcement of the creation of a managing general agency in partnership with Stone Point Capital. I will provide more information on the MGA later in my remarks.
 North America Personal net premiums written increased 57%, driven by lower quota share cessions in PCG at January 1, as we transition to writing the business as an MGA, along with the recognition of an improved portfolio. The combination of improved pricing in our admitted business and more business migrating to the non-admitting market has a very positive impact on PCG's accident and policy or loss ratios. This will earn in through the second half of 2023 and into 2024.
 Entering 2023, we required less excess of loss reinsurance on the upper end of our reinsurance program due to realized reduction in PCG's PMLs at all return periods as a result of ongoing improvements in risk selection and reductions in aggregate in peak zones. More specifically, all peril and all return periods from 1 in 20 to 1 in 1,000 reduced on average by 40%, while those same return periods with respect to wildfire reduced on average by 60%. These dynamics further impacted net premiums written in the first quarter. 
 Syndicate 2019 continues to act as a mechanism to enable third-party capital providers to support PCG's high and ultra-high net worth business for the 2023 accident year.
 In terms of expectations for PCG for the full year, we expect net premiums written growth to be at or higher than we saw in the first quarter, the loss ratio to meaningfully improve and the acquisition ratio and general operating expense to also improve.
 Turning to International Personal. Net premiums written were largely flat in the first quarter, Travel and Warranty grew while Personal Property declined, all driven by a further refinement of our cat reinsurance cost allocation methodology, making year-over-year comparisons difficult. Accident & Health had some timing issues that impacted net premiums written in the first quarter. We expect to see growth in International Personal for the remainder of 2023 and believe results will continue to strengthen as we move through the year.
 Shifting to combined ratios. As I noted earlier, the first quarter accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 88.7%, an 80 basis point improvement year-over-year. In Global Commercial, the first quarter accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 84.9%, a 110 basis point improvement year-over-year and we reported a 24% increase in underwriting income.
 The North America Commercial accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 85.7%, a 240 basis point improvement year-over-year. The International Commercial accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was essentially flat at 83.7%, which is an outstanding result. Global Personal reported a first quarter accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, of 98.6%, a 120 basis point increase from the prior year quarter, largely due to a decrease in earned premium from our deliberate reduction in gross exposure in PCG in North America.
 Now let me comment on catastrophes. The cat loss ratio in the quarter was 4.2% or $264 million of catastrophe losses. Our largest loss in the period was from 2 storms in New Zealand, which accounted for $126 million of catastrophe losses.
 Looking at North America, total losses from catastrophe-related activities in the first quarter were $116 million, which includes Validus Re. In International, excluding Japan, we have eroded approximately $75 million of our aggregate retention and have approximately $75 million net remaining, plus the annual aggregate deductible for each cat loss for the rest of the year. As we described in our last call, the reinsurance program we structured at this year's January 1 renewal provides us with the ability to manage volatility and severity. Looking ahead to the rest of 2023, we expect to see very strong top line growth in General Insurance.
 Turning to Life and Retirement. The business delivered strong performance in the first quarter. Adjusted pretax income was $886 million for the first quarter, and adjusted return on segment equity was 10.7%. First quarter results benefited from continued growth in spread-based products and related spread income. As I mentioned earlier, premiums and deposits grew significantly in the first quarter, driven by strong new individual retirement business, which, despite increasing surrenders related to interest rates, contributed to growth in the General Account. The balance sheet and capital position of Corebridge remains strong with $1.8 billion of parent liquidity.
 Turning to our strategic initiatives. Last week, we executed a definitive documentation with Stone Point Capital for the launch of Private Client Services, an MGA that will serve the high and ultra-high net worth market. We are excited about the prospects for PCS and are confident of the value this new operating structure will deliver for clients, brokers and other stakeholders. We look forward to continuing this journey with the PCS management team and the ongoing support of Stone Point Capital.
 Subject to regulatory approvals, the MGA is expected to formally launch in the third quarter of this year, and we expect to bring on additional capital providers through the second half of 2023. As part of our ongoing review process, we regularly assess the composition of our portfolio of businesses to ensure it is aligned with our long-term strategy and best positioned to create value for our shareholders and other stakeholders.
 As part of this review, as you saw in our announcement on Tuesday, we executed a definitive documentation to sell Crop Risk Services, or CRS, to American Financial Group for $240 million. We acquired CRS as part of our broader acquisition of Validus Holdings in 2018. AIG will continue to write business for the 2023 spring crop season, which ends June 30. We expect approximately $700 million to $800 million of net premiums written for 2023, 75% of which booked in the first quarter. Starting in the third quarter, AIG will act as a fronting partner for American Financial Group during a transitional period.
 For full year 2023, we expect to retain about $800 million to $900 million of earned premiums, $750 million of which we'll earn in over the remainder of the year. CRS is a well-run and attractive business, led by a high-quality management team. In American Financial Group, we have found a high-quality partner for CRS and its employees and believe the business will benefit from being part of a larger combined platform. We also continually review the product portfolio and geographic footprint of Corebridge as we position this business for the future as a fully stand-alone company.
 After a comprehensive review of the health product offering, we decided to evaluate strategic alternatives and a potential sale of Laya Healthcare, the private medical insurance business in Ireland. We believe this will help to streamline the Corebridge portfolio and allow it to focus on Life and Retirement products and solutions.
 Turning to capital management. The first quarter marked another quarter of continued progress and execution of our balanced strategy. In addition to the first quarter share repurchases and dividends that I mentioned earlier, against the backdrop of an unstable macroeconomic environment, we thought it was prudent to raise $750 million of debt at the end of March. This provided us with financial flexibility to pay down a near-term debt maturity and complete additional share repurchases at what we viewed as attractive share prices.
 Turning to return on common equity. We remain highly committed and laser-focused on delivering a 10%-plus ROCE. Through the first quarter, we continued to make meaningful progress on the 4 components of our path to deliver on this commitment. As a reminder, these components include sustained and improved underwriting profitability; executing on a simpler, leaner business model across AIG; operational separation and deconsolidation of Corebridge; and continued balanced capital management. Given the number of strategic initiatives we are executing at once, we are taking a long-term view while measuring progress in 90-day increments. We advanced each component during the first quarter and expect this to continue throughout 2023.
 As I discussed earlier, our first quarter financial results were excellent, with continued top line growth and improvement in underwriting profitability in General Insurance. Over the last few months, we accelerated our work to establish AIG's future state business model. Sequencing has been very important on our journey and the work that's been accomplished over the last few years on the General Insurance turnaround, AIG 200, the separation and IPO of Corebridge and restructuring of our investment management group. This has positioned us to move forward as a more focused and simplified AIG.
 Evolving our future state business model will result in us moving away from the conglomerate structure AIG operated in for decades. We will eliminate overlap and significantly reduce decentralized infrastructure across the company, which will lead to a leaner business model, particularly in our operations. In future state, we expect a redefined AIG parent expense structure to be approximately 1% to 1.5% of premiums, which today is roughly $250 million to $350 million.
 AIG parent will have 5 primary roles and objectives: public company matters, including finance, legal, compliance and regulatory oversight as well as corporate governance; communications with key stakeholders, including the investment community, rating agencies, regulators, policymakers and AIG colleagues; risk management, culture, performance and human capital management; and strategy, including business development, M&A and design and execution of key initiatives. As we progress our future state business model, we anticipate achieving approximately $500 million in cost reductions at AIG parent and a cost to achieve of around $400 million with substantially quicker earn-in of savings that we achieved with AIG 200.
 As expense savings begin to earn through, the reductions will largely be seen in other operations, which is where general operating expenses are currently accounted for.
 With respect to Corebridge, I took you through our current thinking on separation and timing of the secondary offerings.
 Lastly, on capital management. We continue to maintain appropriate levels of capital in our subsidiaries to support profitable growth. We remain on track to reduce AIG common stock outstanding to be between 600 million and 650 million shares and achieve a debt-to-capital leverage at the lower end of our 20% to 25% range post deconsolidation of Corebridge.
 As I noted earlier, we increased our common stock dividend by 12.5%, starting in the second quarter of this year. And in addition to our stock repurchases in the first quarter, to date, we have repurchased $240 million of AIG common stock in the second quarter. Apart from the progress we're making on these components of our path to a 10%-plus ROCE, we also expect tailwinds from higher reinvestment yields. We are confident that our continued progress on strategic initiatives and our capital management strategy will allow us to achieve our ROCE targets and deliver long-term profitable growth that benefits all of our stakeholders.
 I will now turn the call over to Sabra. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Peter. This morning, I will cover 2 accounting changes, provide more details on first quarter results and give an overview of Commercial Mortgage Loans. First, the 1-month lag in financial reporting for the General Insurance International segment was eliminated last quarter. The lag elimination did not impact earnings significantly, but it did affect premiums written comparisons to 2022. Details on the premium impacts are in the financial supplement on Page 26.
 Second, we adopted the change in accounting standard for certain long-duration products, commonly called LDTI. Yesterday, 8-Ks were filed that provide restated prior year financial results for AIG and Corebridge. The cumulative effect at year-end 2022 was an increase of $1.5 billion to adjusted equity and an increase of $1.0 billion to total shareholders' equity. This impact is consistent with our previous guidance. As a reminder, this is a GAAP accounting change only and does not impact statutory results, insurance company cash flows or economic returns. Going forward, we expect a modest run rate increase in L&R APTI and less market and mortality-driven volatility from the change in accounting standards.
 Turning to the quarter, as Peter mentioned, AIG's first quarter adjusted after-tax income was $1.2 billion or $1.63 per diluted share, up 9% from last year on a restated basis and up 25% from originally reported. Key trends in the quarter and similar to the last 3 quarters were higher GI underwriting results and higher income from fixed maturities and loans and lower alternative investment income. Compared to the prior year quarter, there was a higher impact from noncontrolling interest from the Corebridge IPO in 3Q '22.
 Consolidated net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.1 billion. Similar to the fourth quarter, income from fixed maturities and loans in both GI and L&R rose sequentially and over the prior year, while returns on alternative investments were down $593 million compared to very strong annualized returns of 28% last year.
 Income on fixed maturities and loans rose by $573 million over the prior year, with average new money reinvestment rates of 5.35%, about 220 basis points above sales and maturities. The yield rose to 4.29%, up 78 basis points from 1Q '22 and 23 basis points over 4Q '22. Part of the increase in fixed maturity yields resulted from our proactive repositioning over the last 2 quarters in the U.S. GI portfolio. We sold and reinvested about $6 billion in fixed maturities, resulting in a realized loss of $224 million, but added 9 basis points of GI yield improvement for the quarter. We expect incremental yield pickup from this repositioning in 2Q '23 and also from higher reinvestment rates throughout 2023 based on the current rate and spread environment.
 Turning to the segments. GI adjusted pretax income, or APTI, was $1.2 billion, $37 million higher than 1Q '22, principally due to a $56 million increase in underwriting income from both higher-earned premiums and a 1 point improvement in the calendar year combined ratio, which was 91.9%. Peter covered underwriting results in detail, but I want to add that GI reserves had favorable prior year development, net of reinsurance at prior year premiums of $54 million.
 Turning to L&R results for the first quarter. APTI was $886 million, down $48 million compared to $934 million in 1Q '22 as restated. Consistent with GI, L&R had a strong increase in base portfolio investment income, but lower alternative investment income. Mortality experience improved, but fee income was down due to lower capital market levels compared to a year ago. As Peter noted, L&R premiums and deposits were very strong at $10.4 billion. Notably, Individual Retirement sales were $4.9 billion, a 26% increase over the prior year quarter with record levels of fixed and fixed index annuity sales because of higher crediting rates.
 Group Retirement deposits grew 19%, with higher out-of-plan fixed annuity sales and new plan acquisitions. Strong fixed and fixed index annuity sales, net of surrenders, resulted in $1.3 billion of positive flows to the General Account in Individual Retirement, up from $0.7 billion last year. While surrenders are up, they remain below projections. Variable annuity net flows, which impact the separate account, were negative.
 To conclude on earnings for the quarter, other operations adjusted pretax loss, or APTL, was $491 million, a $70 million increase due to lower APTI from consolidated investment entities in Asset Management, which had strong private equity results in 1Q '22. Corporate GOE decreased $27 million from the prior year and $77 million from 4Q '22 despite $29 million of additional expense related to the corporate separation.
 Turning to AIG's balance sheet. Book value per common share was $58.87 at quarter end, up 7% from year-end, principally due to higher valuations on available-for-sale securities due to lower long-term interest rates. Adjusted book value was $75.87 per share, roughly flat with year-end. At the end of March, we issued $750 million of senior notes, a portion of which was used to pay down an April bond maturity.
 Our leverage ratio declined to 32.8%, down about 1 point from year-end even with the new issuance due to the change in AOCI in the quarter. Excluding AOCI and the Fortitude-embedded derivative, debt leverage was 26.3%.
 For the first quarter of 2023, AIG's consolidated adjusted ROCE was 8.7%, comprised of 11.6% in GI and 10.7% in L&R. As Peter discussed, we are laser-focused on achieving a 10%-plus ROCE post deconsolidation.
 Peter provided a lot of detail on the quarter. So I'll use my remaining time to cover investments, particularly Commercial Mortgage Loans, given the recent focus on this asset class. First, I want to emphasize that our investment portfolio is grounded in the liability profile of our 2 insurance businesses. We strive to achieve strong risk-adjusted returns while matching the duration, cash flow and liquidity needs of the liabilities.
 Over the last several years, we have improved the risk profile of the investment portfolio by reducing capital-intensive, less liquid or more volatile assets such as hedge funds. With the onset of COVID and, again, with rising interest rates last year, we further tightened investment guidelines and moved up in quality, including the GI repositioning mentioned earlier and also sales of L&R non-investment-grade assets.
 Turning to our Commercial Mortgage Loan exposures. I'll start by noting that our mortgages are senior secured loans on high-quality properties that are well diversified by type and geography with strong loan to values, or LTVs, averaging 59% and debt service coverage ratios averaging 1.9x. We are the lead lender on more than 80% of our loans, which gives us important control rights.
 Excluding Fortitude funds withheld assets, we had $33.8 billion of Commercial Mortgage Loans at the end of March, of which $30.3 billion were at Corebridge and $3.5 billion at General Insurance. The largest property type is multifamily housing or apartments, about 40% of our Commercial Mortgage Loans. Industrial Property loans are about 16% of the portfolio. Both multifamily and industrial are performing well. We are, however, focused on traditional U.S. office, which is $5.4 billion or 2% of AIG's invested assets. Our U.S. office allocation has been shrinking for several years, particularly when we tightened underwriting standards further for office, retail and hotels with the onset of COVID. Currently, 94% of the office loans are high-quality rated CM1 or CM2 with debt service coverage averaging about 2.1x and weighted average LTVs of 64%. Valuations are updated annually by a third party, and we continue to monitor valuations given rising cap rates.
 We also have a credit or CECL allowance against the portfolio of about $330 million or 3.7% against the office loan portfolio and $584 million for the total commercial mortgage portfolio or 1.7%, which is higher than many peers as we use CMBS default data in our methodology.
 Roughly 3/4 of the building securing the loans are Class A or newer buildings with better amenities. The majority are in the top 5 U.S. metropolitan areas and concentrated in central business districts, including in New York City, which historically has been one of the strongest office markets in the country.
 Today, we are intensely focused on office loan maturities in the next 2 years, about $2 billion or 28 loans. We are already in discussions with many borrowers about their plans and our requirements for refinancing or extension, including additional equity revised terms or other commitments. While valuations are under pressure, cash flows are the primary source of debt service for our loans, and we will continue to monitor the loans carefully. We look forward to updating you on our investment performance in the quarters ahead.
 To wrap up, our first quarter 2023 results demonstrate continued sustained and strong financial results, rising investment portfolio yields, significant progress against strategic initiatives, robust capital and liquidity and continued progress on our path to a 10%-plus ROCE.
 With that, I will turn the call back over to Peter. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Peter, I wanted to address one aspect of growth. And you covered, I think, a ton of detail, which is helpful. But the net-to-gross ratio didn't change. And I would have thought that based on the current dynamics in the property cat market and much improved performance on a lot of casualty lines that have been heavily reinsured, that we would see AIG retaining more of its gross premium. I was hoping you could talk through that. 
Quentin McMillan: Meyer, this is Quentin. I think we're having a little audio technical difficulties. So if you can bear with us for just one moment, we'll be back in just 1 second.
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Can you hear me now? 
Quentin McMillan: Yes. You're coming through loud and clear, Peter. Meyer, do you want to just repeat your question? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I heard the questions, Quentin. Sorry, I actually had a good answer too. I just was on -- not a microphone that worked. So Meyer, back to your question is that we had -- you have to look at the portfolio composition to be able to answer the question. And Validus Re obviously had meaningful growth on gross and net during the quarter. And so, therefore, it's hard to look at the cessions year-over-year when you're having a retro program that fits the portfolio that you're underwriting.
 We've never had a strategy that we're going to time the market with our reinsurance partners. They've always been strategic. They've always been supportive. They've always deployed the capital in support of AIG. And so we were not going to do anything, other than to try to get the appropriate terms and conditions with them and have not really changed much of our risk appetite in terms of taking that. And I think that has generated a terrific result for us on net premium written, but also on the combined ratios.
 So I think I wouldn't look into just one quarter in terms of discussions. And as I said, we have a lot in terms of the guidance I've given on PCG, which we will still assume a lot of risk. And I guess -- let's just play it out for the full year. We're not looking to do anything materially different. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. That's helpful. And I don't know if this is even a good question. But does the changing approach to North American Personal Lines have any implications for the International Personal segment? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: It really doesn't, Meyer. I mean they're really distinct businesses. I mean, certainly, our Travel and Warranty have platforms that are global and that give us capabilities across the world. But as you know, Private Client Group, in particular in the U.S., is a unique asset. Again, the guidance I gave in the prepared remarks, it's one that we believe we will grow the net premium written because we don't believe we need the quota shares anymore after the excellent job the team has done in repositioning and re-underwriting that portfolio. We have substantially less cat in aggregates that we once did. So I think that's something that will be a little different in terms of -- if you look at International.
 While International, we have a terrific Personal Insurance business. Some of it was affected by COVID. It's growing back, between Japan's Personal Insurance, our Global Accident & Health, which is predominantly International as well as our Travel and Warranty, which are rebounding in terms of growth. So I don't think that there's a lot of correlation between International and North America. But both we believe in and we're investing in, and you'll continue to see improvement. It will just be at a different pace because of the anomaly of the high net worth business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: I also had a couple of questions on the Personal Lines business, sort of micro and macro. My understanding, and tell me if I'm wrong, is that much of the change to the MGA is scale related. And does that mean that we should expect the expense ratio to fall over time as the MGA gain speed? And maybe just correct me if I'm wrong, does that shift around how we think about sort of the relationship between expenses and losses in that business over time, not necessarily next quarter, but over time? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Paul, let me make sure I understand the question. I mean are you asking in terms of what's going to happen to the expense ratios over time as we start to reposition and grow the business? 
Jon Paul Newsome: Yes, I am. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Okay, thank you. This year, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are going to see a lot more net premium written. The reason for that is as we were repositioning the business over the last 2 years, we bought very low excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance. We bought a substantial quota share. We ceded a significant amount of Syndicate 2019, which also had retrocession behind that in a variety of forms. And so the net premium written was not that large as you've seen. And so part of the repositioning with Stone Point and having an MGA, one is that we think there's tremendous growth opportunities that exist in the business with other capital providers and believe that how we have repositioned the business through rate increases and disciplined underwriting on the admitted side, and then also the non-admitted became an option for us to have flexibility in form and rate. And so that was very positive for us in terms of repositioning the business.
 As we look to 2023 and beyond, we believe that the business is going to perform much better, much more profitable. And we don't need to cede off as much on the quota share. So as a result, in this particular calendar year, what you'll see is a lot of net premium written growth, improved loss ratios and both the expense ratio on an acquisition basis as well as the general operating expenses will improve. And so the overall combined ratio will improve dramatically. We're not going to be where we want to be in 2023, but believe by the time we hit 2024, those results will continue to improve. 
Jon Paul Newsome: That's great. And maybe a big picture talking about a little bit more of the big picture cat exposures. I mean it looks like -- I'm just looking at the General Insurance overall, the cat load has pretty much stabilized, but that's been a huge part of the improvement over time. Do you think we're pretty much done? And again, I'm not talking about next quarter. I'm talking about years to come, from making this portfolio of businesses have the cat load that you want. I mean is this sort of the run rate we should be thinking about in the long term? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: The team has done an incredible job of underwriting the Property line of business across all of AIG over multiple years. Our ability to reposition that portfolio, we talk a lot about aggregates, we talk a lot about reductions and we talked a lot about where we want to grow. I think we were in a terrific place as we enter 2023 from that hard work. And when I look at where we decided to grow, we constantly talk about where the best risk-adjusted returns available in the marketplace, where is our capacity most valued and where we value for clients.
 So when I look at where we've grown, Validus Re certainly was a big part of that. Lexington has been hitting it out of the park on just about every aspect, whether it's top line growth, retention, new business, rate, like how they actually are more relevant in the marketplace. Working with Dave McElroy and the team, we've taken back some of the Retail Property. But then in other parts of the world, we've taken it back up. So like we've repositioned the portfolio and then have coupled that with the reinsurance to reflect the portfolio it is today.
 So if I summarize what happened at 1/1 is that we saw terrific opportunities for Validus Re to grow. So we took the PMLs up there a little bit. We dramatically took the PMLs down in the Private Client Group substantially. Again, I gave the return period, that every return period from 1 in 20 to 1 in 1,000 was substantially reduced on all peril and, in particular, on wildfire. And we actually took the commercial book. Despite our growth in Lexington and Global Specialty, we took those PMLs down as well. So overall, when you look at the increased PMLs in the first quarter of Validus Re and the reductions that we had in the Commercial business and the Personal business, our overall PMLs are down year-over-year.
 I think that's a tremendous outcome when you look at where we're growing, how we're driving risk-adjusted returns, how we couple that with reinsurance and our overall net PMLs are down at all the critical return periods. So I think all of that's been purposeful. The team has done an unbelievable job executing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ward with Citi. 
Michael Ward: I was hoping you could discuss how you think about your excess capital just given the macro volatility. You raised some debt, it sounds like, for some prudent liquidity and for buybacks. I guess given the share price, I guess, the buyback could have been a little bit higher. So just wondering from here, should we expect that you'll sort of hold a bit more capital against uncertainty? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you. We were very disciplined in terms of the $750 million debt raise. Again, I'm going to let Sabra comment a little bit more on liquidity and capital. But when I look at all the different components of our capital strategy, I think we executed incredibly well in the first quarter. I mean our primary focus is to make sure that we have the appropriate capital levels in the insurance company subsidiaries for growth, and so it gave us tremendous opportunities at 1/1 as it will give us for the entire year.
 Very focused on our leverage ratios and being at the lower end just to give us financial flexibility. And of course, I've been leading everybody every quarter saying, we're looking at the dividend and to have a 12.5% dividend increase not only helps complete some of the capital management strategy we've been talking about, but also shows the confidence that we have on our earnings and how we're managing liquidity. But I'll have Sabra comment a little bit on the parent liquidity and our approach to capital. And it is proven to be conservative at this time. Sabra? 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Peter. Yes. And I would just comment that, first of all, we look at our capitalization, both in base and stress scenarios. I mean this is just what I would call basic risk management procedures that we do. And we're very comfortable with our balance sheet even in the current environment where, obviously, there's a lot of stress on the system with the debt ceiling and the rest.
 From where we sit today, we have very strong robust capital and liquidity. And as Peter noted, the Board was comfortable raising the dividend for the first time in many, many years because of the significant turnaround of GI underwriting results over the past 5 years. So as we sit here today, yes, we'll continue to evaluate our financial flexibility for additional share repurchases, keeping in mind that our first goal is to maintain a strong balance sheet that can withstand turbulent times. 
Michael Ward: Very helpful. I guess maybe on the Crop deal, I guess, I was just wondering are there -- if you could maybe point to any other sort of targeted units where you could do sort of similar value unlocking deals there as you sort of work towards margin improvement and simplification. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Great. Thank you. We're always looking at the portfolio and looking at areas where we can add, where we can improve the overall structure of AIG and looking at the different parts of the world that we compete in. I think Crop is a little bit anomalous just because we really do believe it's a very good business, but you know how it works, which is driven by commodity prices and yields. And I think that having scale is really important. While the top line that we publish on a gross and net basis is significant, that's gone up 40%, 50%, if not more, over the past several years based on those components.
 And we believe that Crop Risk Services, in order for it to achieve its ultimate potential that being part of a bigger enterprise and one that valued it like Great American, was the prudent approach for us at this time. And so that was something that was specific to that business. It was specific to how we look to strategically position AIG for the future and also making certain that with Crop Risk Services, it had a great opportunity to scale and realize this potential. So I feel like we really found a very good partner and that's really what drove the outcome for CRS. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. 
Taylor Scott: First one I had for you is on the separation at Corebridge. I know you mentioned the base case is still secondaries, but I think you also mentioned that you were considering some alternatives. So I just wanted to see if you could extrapolate on that a bit at all. What kind of alternatives could you look towards? And how could some of those things potentially improve things for shareholders? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks, Alex. I'll try to expand a bit on it. Because as you can imagine, there's not a lot of more detail that I can really share beyond my prepared remarks. We do believe the secondary is the preferred path. But obviously, it's subject to market conditions as we saw in the first quarter, but we're prepared to go in the second quarter.
 Our objective has not changed, which is for AIG to reduce its ownership stake in Corebridge over time. And so I think it's prudent, looking at a variety of different options to make sure that we're driving value for shareholders and provide a path that will recognize the value of Corebridge. Corebridge has done a terrific job since we've announced that we were going to commence upon doing an IPO, getting themselves positioned to be an independent public company and the stock was trading at a deep discount in the first quarter.
 I mean one of the alternatives, I don't think we're going to go much beyond this, was what we announced on Laya Healthcare. And so making sure we're sticking to the core business of Corebridge. And we'll just give you updates as the weeks and over the next month progresses. But we're prepared and are very excited about hopefully getting the secondary done in the second quarter. 
Taylor Scott: Got it. Follow-up I had is on corporate expenses. I think it was the first time you guys gave a bit more explicit guidance around where corporate expenses for RemainCo could shake out at that 1% to 1.5% premiums. And I just wanted to make sure I understood some of the mechanics. I mean when I think about that level, I mean, is that what I should expect in sort of Corporate GOE, overall Corporate costs? I mean how do I think about that? And then just a technical kind of question. The investment that I think you mentioned leading up to that, will that go through operating and also be reflected in Corporate? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. So we try to provide as much detail as we could on the expense savings. Certainly, let me start with AIG 200 because we still have more to earn through on AIG 200 savings in 2023 and 2024. So over 50% of that will be earned in mostly through the second and through fourth quarter of 2023. We have begun to separate Corebridge. And -- but upon deconsolidation, approximately $300 million of the AIG Corporate expenses will move to Life and Retirement. So that's another variable that you need to consider.
 We also gave guidance as we're working through our future state business model, $250 million to $350 million of parent expenses. And then the remaining will be worked through to fit the business model in terms of what we're designing for the future of AIG. We want to make sure that we have a lean model that's not synonymous with expense cutting, but it is how we're going to be in each market, how we face off with our clients and our distribution partners to maximize growth and all the opportunities that present them themselves to AIG and making sure that we have a structure that supports that.
 Sequencing is important. We've been working on a variety of different initiatives that are substantial, and we're performing out all of them, making certain that General Insurance has the capital and support it needs to grow in this market; repositioning some of our businesses, which we covered in my prepared remarks; making sure we complete AIG 200, the operational separation; preparing to do the secondary; advancing Corebridge capital structure; and then making sure that we're working to get this future state business model implemented, but it has to be in that order. And we've given you the guidance. We've done the work. We know that's the savings that we'll achieve.
 Some of that's going to go into the business. And so the business has to get rationalized and leaner in order to be able to absorb more expenses. But our commitment is the $500 million in addition to the guidance that we've given in the other components. And we're highly confident we'll execute on that at the right time, meaning we've got to get these other things further along. And then when we have clear line of sight in terms of separation, we'll be able to execute on the target operating model. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Peter, you gave us a lot of detail on the growth in the Commercial Lines. There's, obviously, very strong growth. I'm trying to just dumb it down a little bit here. If we look at what the growth is X, let's call it, Validus Re crop, what would have looked like? And what was the tailwind from Validus Re crop just from the Commercial Lines growth on a year-over-year basis? And the reason I'm asking is, those are obviously very big first quarter premium numbers. So I just want to make sure I'm not extrapolating that for the remainder of the year. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Brian. Certainly, Validus contributed a meaningful amount to the growth. But look, we bought a lot of retro. It's the first quarter. It's not all property. So each quarter is a bit different in terms of not being able to straight line it.
 Crop Risk Services had low single-digit growth. So that was not a contributor at all in terms of net premium written. We had very strong, as I said, growth in our Specialty business, in Lexington, in our Property, offset a little bit by Financial Lines. But I put the guidance in there because I feel very confident that we're going to have strong growth throughout the year. Even though the quarters are a little bit different, businesses like Europe is heavy 1/1. And we start to have sort of different mix of business over the second, third and fourth. But I feel seeing the pipeline, looking at how you grow, I mean, the first thing I would look at is what's the client retention and how is the new business, what's happening with rate and are we growing in the businesses that we want to. And I think we are checking all the boxes here and see that those businesses have more opportunity in the future, not less. And so I think the growth that you saw in the first quarter, obviously, there's a mix of business, but I would expect to see similar growth throughout the rest of the year. 
Brian Meredith: Okay. Very helpful. And then second question, just curious, some other companies are talking about how the Commercial Property markets are even further firming up in the second quarter. There's more business available. Are you seeing the same kind of dynamics or things actually continuing to improve here in the Commercial Property markets? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes, we are seeing that. I mean, again, it's early in the second quarter, but views on April. And as we look to the rest of the second quarter, we're seeing Property continue to firm up and getting stronger than it was in the first quarter. So that's something that we're trying to be focused on clients, making sure we're driving value and we have a lot of capital to deploy. So we expect to be trading actively in the second quarter.
 Okay. Well, thank you, everybody. Sorry for the 1-minute hiccup on the microphone, but greatly appreciate you dialing in, and I wish everybody a great day. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please, go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, and good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements if circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change.  
 Additionally, today's remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at www.aig.com.  
 Finally, today's remarks will discuss the results of AIG's Life and Retirement segment and Other Operations on the same basis as prior quarters, which is how we expect to continue to report until the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial Inc. 
 AIG's segments and U.S. GAAP financial results as well as AIG's key financial metrics with respect thereto differ from those reported by Corebridge Financial. Corebridge Financial will host its own earnings call tomorrow on Friday, February 17, and will provide additional details on its results.  
 With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to review our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results. Following my remarks, Sabra will provide more detail on certain topics, including Life and Retirement results and our path to a 10%-or-greater ROCE, and then we will take questions. Kevin Hogan and David McElroy would join us for the Q&A portion of the call.  
 Today, I will cover 4 topics: First, I will provide an overview of our fourth quarter financial results. Second, I will review highlights from the full year, including some of our major accomplishments, which were remarkable given the very challenging conditions we faced throughout 2022 in the equity markets and the insurance industry. Third, I will unpack in some detail market conditions leading up to January 1 reinsurance renewals, where we saw significant shifts that we believe will impact the industry throughout 2023 and perhaps longer. Suffice it to say, this 1/1 renewal season was the most challenged that many, including myself, have seen in our careers. And fourth, I will outline our 2023 priorities and outlook regarding capital management.  
 Before turning to our results, I'd like to welcome Sabra to the call. We are fortunate to have her in the interim CFO role, while Shane is on a medical leave. Regarding Shane, I am personally, deeply appreciative of the tremendous outreach from many of you, the number of people who have sent good wishes for a speedy recovery is incredibly meaningful to me, and our management team, and particularly, to Shane and his family. We look forward to welcoming him back to AIG.  
 Now let me begin with a brief overview of AIG's fourth quarter results. Adjusted after-tax income in the fourth quarter was $1 billion and $1.36 per diluted common share. We repurchased approximately 780 million of AIG common stock and redeemed $1.8 billion of debt. AIG paid $243 million in dividends in the fourth quarter and Corebridge paid 2 dividends, totaling approximately $300 million following its IPO in September of 2022.  
 Turning to General Insurance. In the fourth quarter, the accident year combined ratio, ex CATs, improved 140 basis points year-over-year to 88.4%, representing the 18th consecutive quarter of margin improvement. Notably, underwriting income in the fourth quarter increased 27% year-over-year to $635 million.  
 Global Commercial drove the year-over-year increase, achieving an accident year combined ratio,  ex CATs, of 84.1%, a 380 basis point improvement and a 69% increase in underwriting income.  
 Global Personal reported an accident year combined ratio, ex CATs, of 100.4%, a 610 basis point increase from the prior year quarter, as we continued to reposition this portfolio.  
 Moving to Global Commercial. On an FX-adjusted basis, North America Commercial net premiums written increased 3% and international increased 2%. Global Commercial had strong renewal retention in its in-force portfolio, and new business continued to be strong.  
 Turning to REIT. Momentum continued in North America Commercial, with overall rate increases in the quarter of 3%, 7% if you exclude Financial Lines and 9% if you also exclude workers' compensation. These rate increases were driven by Retail Property at 15%, Lexington at 12% and Excess Casualty at 9%, and the exposure increase in the North America portfolio was 3%.  
 International Commercial rate increases were 4%, driven by Asia Pacific at 9% and EMEA at 7%, and the exposure increase in the international portfolio was around 2%. Pricing, which includes rate plus exposure, was up 6% in both North America and international. While we experienced downward pressure on rate in certain lines early in the fourth quarter, we saw a reacceleration of price increases towards the end of the quarter.  
 For example, Retail Property was up 15% in the fourth quarter with rate improvement of 24% in December when market impacts from increased catastrophes started to be felt. We saw a similar upward movement at Lexington and particularly within the Property portfolio, with December seeing the strongest rate increases in the fourth quarter. Overall, we continue to earn rate above loss cost trends, which contributed to positive margin expansion.  
 In Global Personal, starting with North America, net premiums written declined 7%, reflecting our ongoing reshaping of this portfolio, particularly in the high and ultra-high net worth businesses that are part of PCG. Later in my remarks, I will discuss our announcement on Monday relating to PCG and our partnership with Stone Point Capital to create a new Managing General Agency or MGA.  
 In International Personal, net premiums written slightly increased by 1% on an FX-adjusted basis due to a rebound in travel and growth in A&H.  
 Now turning to the full year. We made tremendous progress throughout 2022 on a number of key priorities. I could not be more pleased with our team's ability to execute on multiple, complex, strategic objectives across AIG at once. Our most significant and impactful accomplishment was completing the IPO of Corebridge in September of 2022. Despite the very challenging equity market conditions we had to navigate. Notably, Corebridge was last year's largest IPO in the U.S. and the largest financial services IPO since 2020.  
 We also continue to grow underwriting income in General Insurance, which increased approximately $1 billion year-over-year, the second year in a row with over $1 billion of growth in underwriting income. As I noted on last quarter's call, we also reached significant milestones on AIG 200 that have modernized our technology infrastructure and operational capabilities while executing on an exit run rate savings of $1 billion, 6 months ahead of schedule.  
 We also changed AIG's investment management strategy and structure through successful partnerships with Blackstone and BlackRock, and we are seeing the benefits of these partnerships across AIG and Corebridge.  
 Turning to full year consolidated financial results for AIG. Adjusted after-tax income in 2022 reached $3.6 billion and was $4.55 per diluted common share. We returned $6.1 billion to shareholders through $5.1 billion of AIG common stock repurchases and $1 billion of dividends. We finished 2022 with 734 million shares outstanding, a 10% decrease since the end of 2021. And we executed on a number of capital management actions to establish the stand-alone Corebridge capital structure while reducing AIG debt by roughly $10 billion.  
 Consolidated financial debt outstanding was approximately $21 billion at year-end with $11.8 billion at AIG and $9.4 billion at Corebridge.  
 Now let me cover full year 2022 results for General Insurance. As you know, an important aspect of our turnaround over the last few years has been instituting a culture of underwriting excellence. And our rigor in this area is now clearly benefiting our financial results. General Insurance achieved underwriting income of $2 billion in 2022, despite the industry again experiencing over $100 billion of insured natural catastrophe losses. And we exceeded our combined ratio commitment by achieving a sub-90 accident year combined ratio, ex CATs, in all 4 quarters. 
 As I've noted on prior calls, and it's worth repeating, since 2018, we completely overhauled our underwriting standards and overlaid these standards with a comprehensive reinsurance program that can adapt to market conditions into our portfolio as it continues to change and improve. Overall, gross limits deployed were reduced by over $1.2 trillion during this period. We also meaningfully and deliberately shifted our global portfolio mix in order to reposition AIG for the future.  
 For example, Global Commercial now represents 74% of our net premiums written, up from 57% in 2018. And Lexington is now 17% of our North America Commercial business, up from 12% in 2018. If you exclude Validus Re, Lexington is now 23% of North America Commercial. As a result of this work, our current portfolio is very well positioned for 2023. I will discuss in more detail later, when I review January 1 reinsurance renewals, how market dynamics have shifted and how AIG should benefit as we look to capitalize on attractive opportunities for better risk-adjusted returns.  
 Now let me highlight a few of the key businesses in General Insurance that contributed to our performance in 2022. Lexington, our market-leading excess and surplus lines business, had 18% net premiums written growth in 2022, up over 50% since we transitioned this business to focus on the wholesale market. This business also increased underwriting profitability, excluding CATs, by 60%, and it achieved a sub-80% accident year combined ratio, ex CATs, for 2022.  
 Glatfelter continued its terrific performance, growing net premiums written by 14%, increasing underwriting income and achieving an 85% accident year combined ratio, ex CATs. The acquisition of Glatfelter allowed us to significantly elevate the quality of our programs business.  
 Global Specialty, which includes our Global Marine, Energy and Aviation businesses, grew net premiums written by over 15% on an FX-adjusted basis. This was driven by strong client retention of 88%, new business growth and rate increases across the portfolio. Global Specialty generated strong earnings in 2022 with an impressive accident year combined ratio, excluding CATs, of 80%.  
 These are just some examples of businesses that we prioritized last year based on their market position, our differentiated value proposition to clients and our ability to generate strong underwriting results. We see great opportunities for these businesses going forward, and they are strong anchors for AIG that we expect will contribute to profitable growth in 2023.  
 Our Global Personal business performed well considering some of the post-pandemic headwinds we saw in the first half of 2022 and our strategic repositioning of the business. Also, as I mentioned on our last call, the impact from deemed hospitalizations in Japan and, to a lesser extent, Taiwan, contributed over $160 million in losses in 2022, having a 290 basis point impact on the International Personal accident year combined ratio. This accident health product was discontinued in 2022.  
 Turning to full year net premiums written. General Insurance grew 4% on an FX-adjusted basis, driven by 6% growth in Global Commercial. North America grew 7% and International Commercial grew 6%. We had strong renewal retention in our in-force portfolio, with North America improving by 300 basis points to 86% and International achieving 86% for the full year. And as a reminder, we calculate renewal retention prior to the impact of rate and exposure changes.  
 Turning to underwriting profitability for the full year. 2022 was another year with strong progress. The General Insurance accident year combined ratio, ex CATs, was 88.7%, an improvement of 230 basis points year-over-year. The full year saw a 180 basis point improvement in the accident year loss ratio, ex CATs, and a 50 basis point improvement in the expense ratio.  
 Global Commercial achieved an impressive accident year combined ratio, ex CATs, of 84.5%, an improvement of 460 basis points year-over-year. The loss ratio was the biggest contributor with a 330 basis point improvement, and the combined ratio, including CATs and PYD of 89.6%, represented a 920 basis point improvement year-over-year.  
 The accident year combined ratio, ex CATs, in Global Personal deteriorated 430 basis points to 99.2% for the reasons I've outlined before.  
 Now let me turn to reinsurance renewals at January 1 of this year. As I stated on our last earnings call, we knew this renewal season will be very challenging and lead to fundamental changes in the market that would impact 1/1 renewals. The market was faced with a combination of factors that added further pressure to dynamics that were already creating considerable stress. We had top global macroeconomic trends. We had geopolitical uncertainty. We had short-term pressure on the asset side of the balance sheet as a consequence of rising interest rates, inflation and currency fluctuation. We had additional natural catastrophe losses late in the fourth quarter and increasing frequency and severity of secondary perils continued.  
 And 2022 ended with over $130 billion of insured natural catastrophe losses, making 2022 the fifth costliest year on record for insurers, with 5 out of the last 6 years having exceeded $100 billion. Hurricane Ian, in particular, proved to be a catalyst that changed market dynamics even more significantly than expected and ultimately led to shifts in the market that required the industry to rethink reinsurance placements and the commensurate changes that needed to take place in the primary market.  
 The unprecedented levels of natural catastrophes on a global scale massively impacted the reinsurance market in a couple of ways. Increased natural CAT activity has resulted in elevated property CAT ceded loss ratios, with average incurred loss ratios from 2017 through 2022 exceeding 85% compared to 2012 through 2016 when average incurred loss ratios trended below 30%, a dramatic deterioration.  
 And over the last 5 years, secondary perils contributed more than 50% to ultimate loss when compared to primary perils. These market dynamics also impacted the supply of reinsurance and retrocessional capacity and the cost of capital increase for the industry, which impacted almost all lines of business and territories, regardless of loss experienced. On top of all of this, very little new capital entered the market. Available capital is estimated to have decreased approximately 20% year-over-year.  
 Now let me outline what happened in the property CAT and retro markets in particular, due to the high level of CAT losses in 2022, which were further exacerbated by events in the fourth quarter. 50% of global Property CAT limits, which we estimate to be $425 billion, renewed at January 1. Approximately 70% of Global retro limits estimated at $60 billion incept at January 1. Reinsurers heavily reliant on peak peril retro protection face greater pressure as a result, whereas larger, more diversified reinsurers were better able to manage retro capacity constraints. As a result, a majority of programs placed on January 1 saw insurance companies forced increase retentions.  
 Despite these market challenges, AIG navigated this complex and intense renewal season extremely well. We knew we were in a strong position heading into January 1, given the repositioning and the improved quality of our Global portfolio, coupled with our considerable efforts to reduce our gross portfolio peak exposures. As we expected, this allowed us to capitalize on many attractive opportunities, and this proved to be a competitive advantage as we had an exceptionally successful renewal season.  
 It's also worth noting that AIG's reinsurance purchasing is, by design, more heavily weighted to January 1 than the wider market. The benefits of this are twofold. Concentrating the bulk of our purchasing at January 1 allows AIG to maximize the outcome across all of our reinsurance placements. And we have clear line of sight on our reinsurance cost for the full year, which is particularly valuable in a market, which we believe will continue to be incredibly challenging.  
 Some of the highlights of our January placements include the following: with respect to property catastrophe placements, we obtained more limit than we purchased in 2022; and we believe we have the lowest attachment points on a return period measurement for North America windstorm and earthquake amongst our peer group; and our modeled exhaust limits are at higher return periods compared to last year for each of our placements. These placements should further reduce volatility, which is something we remain very focused on, and they provide us with significant balance sheet protection in the event one or a series of significant catastrophe events occur.  
 Specifically, we separately made appropriate changes to our North America property CAT treaties to reflect our improving portfolio, with the retention of our commercial CAT portfolio attaching at $500 million and Lexington in our Programs business having an attachment point of $300 million. The property CAT aggregate cover that we placed has 4 retentions before attaching, and for North America, Japan, and Rest of World, it now could attach in the second event, which is an improvement from 2022.  
 Our property CAT [ per occurrence ] structures largely stayed the same for International, and we believe they are market-leading with Japan's retention staying flat at $200 million and the rest of world attaching at $125 million.  
 Many factors improved our overall property CAT reinsurance program, with highlights being: we were able to attain approximately $6 billion of limit, including increasing our per occurrence excess of loss placement; we maintained low attachment points on a model basis; we received support for a $500 million aggregate placement; and our overall spend for AIG increased less than 10% on an absolute and risk-adjusted basis versus 2022.  
 With respect to PCG, we accelerated portfolio remediation, which is driving further gross exposure reductions in key CAT-exposed states where loss costs, inflation and necessary modeling changes have not kept pace. This allowed us to reduce the total limit purchase for the PCG-specific CAT program, which partially offset increased pricing pressure due to Hurricane Ian.  
 Overall, casualty renewals, both excess of loss and our quota share placements, renewed close to expiring terms on a risk-adjusted basis with no impact on ceding commissions. Our reinsurance partners maintain their support for AIG with consistent capacity deployment and reinsurance terms in clear recognition of the quality of our portfolio. The outcomes we achieved at January 1 also reflect the value of the investments we have made in our reinsurance strategy, and, coupled with our relationships and credibility with reinsurance partners, are a testament to the confidence the reinsurance marketplace has in AIG and its management team. We appreciate the ongoing support we have received from our reinsurance partners.  
 As we look ahead to 2023, the world faces many uncertainties. And in uncertain times, our role as a market-leading global insurance company is even more important. With the momentum we have built and the strength of our portfolio, AIG is now extremely well positioned to strategically grow and lead the market by providing thoughtful, expert advice on risk solutions for our clients, distribution partners and other stakeholders.  
 By 2022, we have set out ambitious, strategic, and operational priorities for 2023. We will continue to improve and invest in lines of business and General Insurance, where we see significant growth potential, notably Lexington and Global Specialty. I highlight Lexington because it is presented and will continue to present tremendous growth and profitability opportunities for us. And early indications are that the rate momentum we saw in this business at the end of 2022 and into early 2023 will continue. We expect meaningful growth in Lexington this year, led by Property where, over the last few years, we have prudently tightened limits, improved terms and conditions and increased profitability while driving top line growth.  
 We also plan to increase investment in our assumed reinsurance business in 2023, particularly through Validus Re. As we have discussed on prior calls, over the past few years, we've been highly focused on driving value through a disciplined approach, involving strong risk assessments, sound portfolio construction, a steadfast commitment to underwriting excellence and prudent capital management. 
 Over this period of time, the derisking within Validus Re was particularly acute in the Global Property CAT market, where year-over-year, we reduced participations across the portfolio while concurrently purchasing sound retrocessional protections to prudently manage the portfolio and reduce volatility, all in line with our cycle management strategy. As a result, we were in a strong position to capitalize on attractive opportunities at January 1. The property market, in particular, repositioned and became very compelling in terms of risk-adjusted rates along with enhanced structures as well as beneficial terms and conditions.  
 Rate changes within property CAT range between 30% and 100% in the U.S. as well as in peak zones outside the U.S. Risk-adjusted rate increases were approximately 50% in the U.S. Property and 35% in International Property. And similarly, average margin improvement was approximately 50% year-over-year across the entire portfolio.  
 Property CAT ROEs for both the U.S. and International business increased by greater than 100% year-over-year. Additionally, we obtained improved terms and conditions, including favorable movement in attachment points in all Property lines.  
 For Casualty lines, quota shares remained sound with ceding commissions moving favorably for reinsurers by 1 to 2 points, along with terms and conditions remaining in line or improved. The result of these actions included: net premiums written at January 1 increased over $500 million or 50% year-over-year. This increase was driven roughly 30% from U.S., property 15% from International Property, 45% from casualty placements and the remaining 10% was from Specialty, including marine and energy.  
 The majority of new property limit was deployed to existing clients with a significant level of private terms being achieved on our U.S. property writings.  
 Looking ahead, we will continue our measured approach for other renewals. For example, if meaningful market changes continue, we will carefully consider our positions at the April 1 Japan renewals, and we will continue to be very cautious with capital deployed at June 1 in Florida.  
 Turning to Private Client Group or PCG. This business remains a strategic priority for us in 2023. As you know, over the last 2 years, we have undertaken a significant re-underwriting effort in this portfolio, reduced aggregate exposure, transitioned certain states to the non-admitted market and developed strong partnerships with Lloyd's and reinsurers to reduce volatility.  
 On Monday, we announced our intention to launch, in partnership with Stone Point Capital, a newly formed MGA that will underwrite on behalf of AIG and eventually other capital providers in the high- and ultra-high net worth markets. AIG will transfer core PCG solutions to the MGA, which will offer a single end-to-end broker and client portal, a comprehensive set of product offerings, a simplified data warehouse and the underwriting capabilities of AIG. The MGA will be rebranded as Private Client Select, or PCS, and will be led by Kathleen Zortman and our current team at PCG. We see this new structure as a logical next step in the evolution of PCG and believe it will create significant value for clients, brokers and other stakeholders.  
 Additionally, expense discipline will continue to be a priority for AIG. In addition to savings from AIG 200 that we expect to earn in during 2023, we plan to move $300 million of expenses currently sitting in AIG corporate GOE to Corebridge upon deconsolidation. Separately, we will continue to align our target operating model and further reduce absolute expenses across AIG parent and General Insurance to reflect the fact that AIG is becoming one company.  
 This year, we will also remain focused on completing the operational separation of Corebridge from AIG, and we are working towards a secondary offering of Corebridge common stock by the end of the first quarter, subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals. Our current expectation is that the majority of net proceeds of the secondary offering will be used for AIG common stock repurchases.  
 And as I stated on our last call, we are revisiting AIG's dividend, which has not changed in many years. We expect to say more about this on our first quarter call in May.  
 With respect to capital management priorities, in 2022, we did a significant amount of work to materially improve the capital structures of both AIG and Corebridge. With the reduction in AIG debt we achieved, our post-deconsolidation leverage will be in line with best-in-class peers. And with respect to share buybacks, we have $3.8 billion remaining on our existing share repurchase authorization.  
 Our balanced capital management philosophy will continue to allow for investment in growth opportunities, while returning appropriate levels of capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. We also remain open to compelling inorganic growth opportunities, should they arise.  
 Before turning the call over to Sabra, I would like to pause and say that 2022 was another incredibly important year for AIG. Our colleagues did an exceptional job, particularly on the Corebridge IPO and the continued underwriting and operational improvements that are clearly showing through in our financial results. Our journey to be a top-performing company continues, and I fully expect 2023 to be another year with significant momentum and progress across the organization. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Sabra. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Peter. Today, I will review net investment income, additional color on our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results in capital management and also update you on the progress we are making on our path to a 10%-plus adjusted return on common equity or ROCE. 
 Turning to net investment income. On an APTI basis, fourth quarter net investment income was $3.0 billion, down $331 million or 10% compared to 4Q '21. Similar to trends throughout 2022, the decrease was due to lower alternative investment income, principally on private equity investments, and lower bond call and tender premiums and mortgage prepayment fees. For the full year, net investment income on an APTI basis was $11.0 billion, down $1.9 billion due to the same trends. 
 For the quarter and the full year, we achieved higher new money reinvestment rates and rate resets from floating rate securities. In 4Q '22, net investment income on fixed maturities and mortgage and other loans rose $224 million sequentially, with 29 basis points of yield improvement, which was ahead of our 10 to 15 basis point forecast. Since second quarter of '22, when we began to bend the curve on investment yields, the increase has been 55 basis points. 
 In 4Q '22, the average new money yield was just over 6% and about 173 basis points above sales and maturities. New money rates were roughly 157 basis points higher in General Insurance and 190 basis points higher in Life and Retirement. In addition, during the fourth quarter, we repositioned some of the General Insurance portfolio to lock in higher yields, while maintaining similar credit quality and duration. This resulted in a modest capital loss of $57 million, but we expect the portfolio to generate higher net investment income in '23 as a result. Given current market levels, we expect additional yield uplift of 10 to 15 basis points on the consolidated portfolio in 1Q '23. 
 Before I head into results for the quarter, I want to note that in the fourth quarter, we eliminated the 1-month reporting lag in General Insurance International, which had a $100 million positive impact on our GAAP net income for the quarter. This change did not impact 4Q APTI, which remain on the same reporting basis as the prior year. But in 2023, GI International results will be on a calendar quarter basis and 1 month different than 2022, which will create some slight timing mismatch in quarterly net premiums written comparisons, but with minimal impact for the full year. Please see Page 25 of the financial supplement for more details. 
 As Peter noted, AIG reported adjusted after-tax income of $1.0 billion or $1.36 per diluted share. General Insurance delivered APTI of $1.2 billion compared to $1.5 billion in the prior year quarter due to lower investment income, partially offset by a $136 million increase in underwriting income. Prior year development was $151 million favorable in the fourth quarter, up from $44 million of favorable development in 4Q '21. 
 Net favorable amortization for the ADC was $41 million, while North America favorable development was $148 million, and International was $38 million adverse, mostly driven by casualty. 
 Fourth quarter Other Operations adjusted pretax loss of $451 million improved $197 million from last year, despite $23 million of additional expenses related to the Corebridge separation. Annualized adjusted ROCE was 7.5% in 4Q '22, down from 9.9% in 4Q '21, principally due to lower alternative investment income. 
 Turning to Life and Retirement. Strong sales momentum continued in the fourth quarter. Life and Retirement APTI was $781 million, down from $969 million in 4Q '21, due to lower investment income on alternatives and other yield enhancements, partially offset by higher base investment income and more favorable mortality. 
 Individual Retirement sales were $3.8 billion, a 16% increase over the prior year quarter with Fixed Annuity sales up 78% and Fixed Index sales up 34%, near record sales for both products. 
 Group Retirement deposits grew 20%, driven by higher out-of-plan Fixed Annuity sales and large plan acquisitions. The Life Insurance business had solid sales with an improving mix of business in the U.S. and continued growth in the U.K. 
 In Institutional Markets, premiums and deposits were $1.6 billion, driven by $1.3 billion in pension risk transfer activity. New product margins in L&R were attractive and in excess of long-term targets, supported by higher new money yields, including from Blackstone. After years of spread compression, L&R spreads are expected to improve in 2023. 
 I wanted to make you aware of an update to our LDTI estimate. In the first quarter of 2023, we will adopt a change in accounting principle for LDTI with a transition date of January 1, 2021. Our current estimate is that as of September 30, 2022, the adoption would increase shareholders' equity between $800 million and $1.3 billion and AIG's adjusted shareholders' equity would increase between $1.2 billion and $1.7 billion. This increase in the estimate has been predominantly driven by capital market movements during 2021 and 2022. 
 Turning to full year 2022. AIG reported adjusted after-tax income of $3.6 billion or $4.55 per diluted share compared to $4.4 billion or $5.12 per diluted share in 2021. These results include much stronger underwriting profitability in GI, offset by lower alternative investment income, as previously described. 
 General Insurance APTI for the full year 2022 was $4.4 billion, up 2% from 2021 due to the $1 billion increase in underwriting profitability, offset by lower investment income. L&R APTI was $2.7 billion, down from $3.9 billion in 2021, principally because of lower investment income. 
 Other Operations adjusted pretax loss improved about $400 million in 2022 due to lower general operating expenses and higher income on short-term investments. Full year 2022 included additional expenses from the Corebridge separation of $51 million. And in 2023, we expect an incremental cost of $75 million to $100 million in Other Operations' GOE related to the separation. 
 Adjusted book value per share was $73.87 at December 31, 2022, up 7% from year-end 2021. Full year adjusted ROCE was 6.5%, down from 8.6% in 2021, primarily due to lower alternative investment income, which was down $1.8 billion from 2021 or about 340 basis points of ROCE compared to 2021. At year-end, our primary insurance subsidiaries remain above target ranges for statutory capital, with GI's U.S. pool estimated in the range of 485% to 495% and L&R estimated in the range of 410% to 420%. 
 In addition to the strong financial results, we also executed on multiple capital management priorities in 2022. As Peter described, we established a separate debt capitalization structure for Corebridge and subsequently reduced AIG holding company debt by $9.8 billion. This reduction in AIG debt will lower AIG's holding company interest expense from about $1 billion in 2021 to roughly $500 million in 2023, excluding interest expense on Corebridge issued debt. 
 In 2022, we also returned over $6.1 billion to shareholders with $1 billion of dividends and $5.1 billion of share repurchases, yielding a 10% reduction in shares outstanding. We ended the year with Parent liquidity of $3.7 billion. 
 Looking ahead, we remain highly committed and laser-focused on delivering a 10%-plus ROCE after the deconsolidation of Corebridge. As Peter and Shane have shared previously, achieving this goal is based on sustained and improved underwriting profitability; executing a leaner operating model across AIG; separation and deconsolidation of Corebridge; and continued balanced capital management, including reducing AIG common shares to between 600 million and 650 million shares through repurchases, while targeting debt to total capital leverage at the lower end of the 20% to 25% range post deconsolidation. Progress on each of these will increase ROCE, along with additional tailwinds from higher reinvestment yields and alternative returns more consistent with long-term averages. 
 As Peter mentioned, expense reduction remains an important goal. In the following years, we expect to achieve $300 million of additional savings from AIG 200, with the majority earning in through 2023; $300 million of AIG corporate general operating expense moving to Corebridge upon deconsolidation; and additional savings as we transition to a leaner operating model. As a reminder, every $500 million of expense savings equates to 1 point of ROCE improvement. 
 I will now turn the call back over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you. Michelle, we'll take our first question, please. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the path to the double-digit ROE target. So the starting point is the 6.5% from '22, but I know that, that does include some contribution from L&R and will in the near term. So can you help us with what the starting point would be, if you stripped out the earnings contribution and equity of Life and Retirement? Just trying to get a sense of the ROE of the ongoing business and how the walk and that starting point changes, if you weren't including the Life and Retirement business. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Elyse. I would think in terms of how you should think about this, and for us to get to the 10% ROE, Sabra outlined in detail, there's really 3 major ways in which we'll get there. One is through the underwriting results, the other is expense savings. The other is sort of the capital rebalance with share repurchases and other capital management. So you should think about that as a 300 to 350 basis point target in terms of us getting to the double-digit ROCE. Of course, net investment income can benefit, and that's more of a timing issue. We've never said, even in the prior calls, that contribution from increased NOI. NII will be the one that needs to contribute to get us to the 10%, but I think -- I would think of it in that range for the different components. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my second question, you guys had taken up your loss trend assumption to 6.5% last quarter. I'm assuming that didn't change, but correct me if I'm wrong. And Peter, you spoke to pricing of 6%, which would put written pricing below loss trend, but you also did say, right, that rates got better as we ended the year in December. So would you expect the 6% to go above loss trend in the first quarter? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thank you. The first part, Elyse, we do not change our loss cost assumptions from what we had outlined in the third quarter, so 6.5% remains our view. When you look at the fourth quarter, like you said, overall, there was around 6%. But when you -- you have to take a couple of things into consideration. One is fourth quarter is our seasonally sort of lowest-sized quarter. But if you look at financial lines, like financial lines is even throughout the entire year, first quarter through fourth, so had a little bit more of a contribution to the overall rate index in the fourth quarter. 
 Our International was very well balanced. We had strong rate in areas where we felt we needed it, which is like Property, Excess Casualty. We're driving rate as we have been for the last several years in Lexington, the Excess & Surplus Lines. And then I look at the full year in terms of North America, the Excess Casualty, Retail Property, Lexington, all getting double-digit rate increases. And so like we have been very focused on the rate above loss cost to continue to develop margin. I think that's been evidenced through the culture that we've developed in terms of underwriting excellence. We are very focused on making sure that we continue that, and it's terms and conditions and adjustments to how we structure businesses going forward. December was much stronger than the first part of the quarter. And as we look to January, that momentum is continuing. Dave, maybe just spend a minute on what happened in Financial Lines and D&O specifically? 
David McElroy: Yes. Thank you, Peter. And thank you, Elyse. To Peter's point, we have to be careful around generalizations because we are actually hitting rate over trend in most of our big businesses. The outlier is Financial Lines. And Financial Lines, you also have to unpack a little bit and understand that excess D&O, and excess D&O in large public companies is probably driving some of the macro numbers, but it's not driving the behavior underneath. So in our Financial Lines business, we have professional liability. We have cyber. We have private company business. We have financial institutions. And all those businesses are actually getting rate over trend. But sometimes, when you aggregate up the excess public company business, it suppresses it. 
 And in that case, Elyse, it's hard to rationalize. I'll be very frank. That's a place where, if you're primary, you're still getting rate. You're still getting flat maybe down a little bit, but you have risk-adjusted rate that's helping. 
 In the Excess business, it's been very competitive. It's a different sort of market. And it's actually a market that I would say that cycle manage and companies that are being thoughtful need to actually wrestle with, whether that's a place they're going to trade, okay? If the rates are going down 20% to 30%, it's probably influencing some of the numbers that you look at on an aggregate basis. And inside that portfolio, your decisions are going to have to be made as to how you trade there, okay? 
 In our case, it represents a small amount of the portfolio. But I'm conjecting that, that's actually where the commoditization of the business is going to cause a little bit of pain in the 2023, 2024 year, okay? But it's -- I do -- Peter hit it. We look at rate over trend on a very granular basis, and I think we're comfortable with what that means to our big businesses and even in Financial Lines, what it means to our subproducts there. And I think that's an important part of our story. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Dave. And don't forget, like the cumulative rate increases we've achieved in D&O over the last 3 years have been north of 80%. So again, it's a line, as Dave says, we're laser focused on. We're not going to chase the market down. But the cumulative rate increases and margin development hasn't been fully recognized, and we're going to look to 2023 with a lot of discipline. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: There's been an enormous amount of conversation, and you obviously did a lot to add to about Excess Casualty -- or excess of loss reinsurance and -- but as a large account commercial writer, I assume you're using a lot of facultative as well. And I was curious if the comments that you're making extend into not just sort of excessive loss, but also facultative and even quota share as being as impacted as some of the other pieces of the business and how that would affect AIG. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Paul. We do purchase facultative in certain segments of our business, but we were really referencing the core treaties. When we look at risk appetite, when we are thinking through our ability to protect the balance sheet and where we want to structure treaties, we don't require facultative reinsurance for other segments in order to supplement the core structure. So when I was referencing in my prepared remarks, the treaty structures, we did an exceptional job. The team really focused on modeling changes, inflationary changes and where we thought capital was going to be less expensive versus more expensive. 
 An example of that would be taking big excess of loss CAT across the world. It gets too expensive for allocation of capital, and that is something we moved away from. So we've built more vertical towers in North America and in international and Japan specifically. So I think the overall market has responded most to Property. Casualty has started to tighten up. I still think that there's ample capacity in quota shares. They may be with some tighter terms and conditions and ceding commissions or, by and large, it was placeable. And yes, facultative, I think, has become harder to place on property just based on the capital available. But for us, we don't heavily rely on facultative to deliver results. It's really our core treaty structures. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Makes sense. Can you also talk about the change in conditions in commercial lines? Obviously, AIG led the market in changing terms and conditions in commercial lines. Is the impact pretty much fully there now today at AIG? And have you seen -- are you seeing any change in the market as well for terms and conditions that's meaningful sort of outside the pricing change? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I think we've done an exceptional job on the underwriting side with terms and conditions. I think the entire team has focused over the last several years as not only -- certainly pricing's an output, but how we structure our insurance deals, how we focus on client needs, but also how we customize terms and conditions to make sure that we have the appropriate policies and endorsements in the marketplace. I don't think it's over. It's something that's a nuance. But as we look to the property market in 2023, it's one of the areas where, when you report out rate, you really have to understand the risk-adjusted implications of rate increases. 
 For instance, in Excess & Surplus Lines property, I expect to see higher deductibles, more wind deductibles, tighter terms and conditions. We've seen what used to be all risk, which covered all perils, now to name perils, and so you can strip out a lot of coverage in terms of when you're placing it, whether you're trying to solve for wind or quake or flood, you don't provide all of the perils. And so if you said to me, what's one of the big areas that you'll see an improvement in 2023, it will be on the terms and conditions and how we price those perils. And I think we will offer, particularly in Excess & Surplus Lines, the appropriate coverage, but we will be restrictive on terms of conditions if we don't feel we're getting paid for. So I don't think it's over. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass with Autonomous. 
Erik Bass: Just hoping you could help us think about the base NII trajectory for 2023. So we've seen a nice step up in the past couple of quarters, and you gave some guidance for the first quarter. But how much of the increase is coming from resets on floating rate assets? And how much is the tailwind from higher reinvestment yields and the portfolio changes that you're making that should continue to build throughout the year? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Erik. As you know, this has been an active strategy for us, particularly over the back half of 2022. I think the team has done an exceptional job. And Sabra, maybe you can just provide a little bit of insight in terms of some of the NII and the reinvestment rates. 
Sabra Purtill: Yes, happy to do that. And I would just note, we added a new footnote on Page 47 of the financial supplement that gives you the walk of the yield on fixed maturity securities and loans. So you can see the quarter-to-quarter improvement in the portfolio yield on that portfolio, which basically begin to bend the curve in the second quarter for a step-up in yields. And we also, there, give you the impact of the other yield enhancements, which year-over-year was about a $400 million headwind for AIG consolidated NII. 
 But to go back to your question about the path forward, and I'll put alternatives to the side. I mean, those are obviously volatile quarter-to-quarter. But like I said, that was 340 basis points of headwind year-over-year. 2021 was an exceptional year for alternative returns, whereas full year 2022 was about a 5.6% yield. So more in line with our average assumption. 
 But to go back, so in the quarter, as I said, the new portfolio yield or the new money rates were just above 6% and about 173 basis points over the assets going forward. And if you look at in the quarter, fourth quarter '22 grew about $160 million just due to the rate resets and about 14 basis points from the pickup in yield on the portfolio. Now in 2023, the impact is going to really depend on the path and timing of market rates, fed rate hikes, changes in credit spreads as well as the movement in the yield curve. As you know, the GI has got a shorter duration than L&R. And right now, we've got an inverted curve. So depending on where you're investing, and you're going to have different impacts on your yield. 
 So what I would just kind of point you to is, for the full year, we are projecting about $8 billion of reinvestment on the GI portfolio, $20 billion in Corebridge. And for the first quarter, we're projecting about 10 to 15 basis points of yield uplift just based on where we are for rates. Since the market is expecting additional rate increases, I would -- from the Fed, I would expect to see more pickup from the floating rate note resets during the course of the year. And then like I said, really what we pick up in the second or third quarter is going to be a function of how the shape of the yield curve changes. 
 But the point I would just make in total is that we are definitely having a tailwind from higher rates and higher spreads in the market. In addition, during the last several months, because of the -- basically the changes in the spreads and where some of the opportunities were, we were able to move up in quality on the bond portfolio investments while still getting a pickup in the yield because of the market environment. 
 So at this point in time, I think it's premature to give any sort of actual projection on a dollar basis. But from a yield pickup trend, we're very confident that we'll continue to see that during 2023. 
Erik Bass: That's helpful. And then secondly, I just was hoping you could help us think about the trajectory for the other operations loss both before and after the Corebridge separation. So it sounds like GOE there should go up in 2023 because of some of the Corebridge expenses, maybe that's offset a little bit by interest savings. But then you'll get a big step down when you deconsolidate Corebridge, when the $300 million comes out. Is that the right way to think about it? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes, Erik, it is. We -- in Other Operations, think about it in a couple of components. I think you've outlined most of them, is that upon deconsolidation, we would have $300 million or there thereabouts go with Corebridge. I mean, there could be some stair step up. I mean, it's hard in 2023 to look at each quarter because we're building Corebridge, as we've talked about before, as a stand-alone public company. So those amounts will be in each quarter, depending on the progress that we're making. So think about the $300 million. 
 I think we'll have savings in Other Operations throughout the year separate from that in the $100 million to $200 million range. And then as we get to the future target operating model, we've given guidance from the past that we anticipate that we'll get around $500 million, not out of all -- that will not all come out of Other Operations. It come out of the combination of what is General Insurance in the parent company today. But that will take deconsolidation. It will take us to get to the target operating model. But I think in the short run, you should think about Corebridge's $300 million, and that between $100 million to $200 million of other reductions in Other Ops is how I would think about it in 2023. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. 
Taylor Scott: First one I had is just on net premium written growth in General Insurance. I mean we saw it slow in 2022, particularly towards the back end of the year. And it sounds pretty interesting, some of the opportunities you have, both in Validus Re and Lexington. But I just wanted to get sort of a high level perspective from you on what the strategy has been to sort of slow some of that premium growth in the back half of this year. And how you see that potentially inflecting as we go into 2023? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you for the question. You have to really look at the full year, I believe, in terms of showing the progress of what we've done as a company. First and foremost, again, I'll mention it again, which is a culture of underwriting excellence. When we look at Commercial with a 340 basis point improvement in the fourth quarter in terms of its action year combined ratio, ex CATs, 440 for the year, I mean that's substantial progress. I mean, we made enormous improvements in profitability. 
 And so we've shaped the portfolio the way we like it, where again, the fourth quarter, not all roads lead to Financial Lines. But again, it was just a disproportionate amount of premium relative to the overall size. Fourth quarter's small. We saw real good growth in the businesses that we want to grow in, which is in the Excess & Surplus Lines, Global Specialty. But as we've been talking about, I hope it's evidenced through what we did at 1/1, which is why we wanted to put it in the prepared remarks, which is, I kept talking about taking aggregate down where we didn't think we were getting the appropriate risk-adjusted returns. 
 But when we thought we felt that the risk-adjusted returns were there, like in the reinsurance business, we expanded significantly and expect to see that through 2023. Can't really predict the market, but I don't believe this is all played through. We had a very complicated 1/1, but you have Japan coming up. 
 And the hardest part in terms of the reinsurance market and thus then the primary market on peak zone is going to be Florida at [ 6/1 ]. And so we think there's great opportunities in Excess & Surplus Lines continue to grow. Again, Global Specialties, Retail Property across the world. We'll watch International, but I don't believe that the treaty increased pricing that happened, which was substantial at 1/1, will play its way through the International business until 2024. Because a lot of the deals, 60% of it comes up at 1/1, was priced off of prior year treaties. 
 And so I think this has momentum. We are incredibly well positioned. We have no aggregate restrictions. And where we see risk-adjusted returns that are attractive, which we already have, we're going to deploy capital. That was the whole idea of putting more capital in subsidiaries, and then it goes to other lines of business. I mean, you cross-sell what we do in casualty, how we play in these different markets, we have such tremendous following as lead experts in underwriting that we believe, across the world, our platform will be very helpful to our clients, and we expect to find really strong areas for growth. 
Taylor Scott: That's really helpful. Second one I had is more specifically on Casualty -- Excess Casualty pricing. We've heard some peers kind of talk about pricing and expressed the need for it to reaccelerate. And I think some investors seem to be getting a little more cautious about the potential for continued deceleration there. I felt like your prepared remarks were a little more optimistic. I'd just be interested in your perspective on the portfolio at AIG, what you're seeing in the market and where you'd expect things to go there. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: We watch it carefully. I mean Excess Casualty, we're still getting very strong rate we have for the last couple of years. And that didn't stop in the fourth quarter. My prepared remarks were really just focused on, I don't think the market that we entered in the fourth quarter is the market that we're in. There's been a lot of changes over the last 60 days. And like every other line of business, it needs to stand on its own. It needs to develop margin. We want to be conservative in our position and making certain that the underwriting terms and conditions are appropriate. But we're watching it carefully. I haven't seen a substantial downturn in terms of pricing. It's been right in the sort of same range for, as I said, the last 6 quarters. And it's something that we're going to watch very carefully in 2023.
 Okay. We greatly appreciate the engagement and all the questions and appreciate the interest. And so I just wish everybody a great day, and thank you for being here. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. 
 Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, and good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by the applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements if circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change. 
 Additionally, today's remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at www.aig.com. Finally, today's remarks will include a discussion of the financial results of AIG's Life and Retirement segment and Other Operations on the same basis as prior quarters, which is how we expect to continue to report Life and Retirement and Other Operations until the deconsolidation of Corebridge Financial. 
 AIG's segments and U.S. GAAP financial results, as well as AIG's key financial metrics with respect thereto differ from those reported by Corebridge Financial. As such, we will be intentional when referring to AIG's Life and Retirement segment versus Corebridge Financial when commenting on financial results. Corebridge Financial will host its first earnings call post IPO next week on November 9, and its management team will provide additional details on the Corebridge Financial third quarter results. 
 With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you, Quentin. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to review our third quarter financial results, which I'm pleased to report were very strong, along with the excellent progress we've made on our strategic priorities. Following my remarks, Shane will provide more detail on the third quarter financial results, and then we'll take questions. Kevin Hogan, David McElroy and Mark Lyons will join us for the Q&A portion of today's call. 
 The third quarter represented an inflection point for AIG, with important milestones achieved across the organization. Our team once again demonstrated its ability to execute on significant strategic initiatives that position AIG for a strong future, to apply discipline and the successful execution of these initiatives and to achieve high-quality outcomes even against a backdrop of very complicated capital and insurance markets. 
 Before I cover the third quarter in more detail, I'd like to comment on the successful Corebridge Financial IPO, which we completed in mid-September despite very challenging equity capital market conditions. On our second quarter earnings call, we explained that volatility in the capital markets was significantly elevated and that attempting to complete an IPO at that time would not have been in the best interest of AIG, Corebridge or our stakeholders. 
 As a result, we decided to defer the IPO and revisit timing in the third quarter. We knew that there would be limited open windows and remain committed to completing a transaction as soon as we believed an appropriate opportunity was available. Throughout the summer, our team did a remarkable job and worked diligently on the operational separation of Corebridge from AIG as well as to prepare the business for a successful IPO. 
 As we noted on our last call, we had already increased the targeted savings program at Corebridge from an initial range of $200 million to $300 million to $400 million within 2 to 3 years. With the additional time available pre-IPO, the business accelerated certain actions and is now expected to deliver run rate savings of over $100 million by the end of 2022, ahead of our original schedule. 
 We were also prepared to secure the capital structure of Corebridge prior to the IPO and access the debt markets in late summer during a short window when conditions became more favorable. In August, Corebridge issued $1 billion of hybrid debt securities and in early September drew down on a $1.5 billion bank facility to complete its initial capital structure. Using part of the net proceeds from these debt transactions, Corebridge closed out the remaining $1.9 billion due to AIG under a promissory note. 
 Throughout this time, we also engage in continuous discussions with our financial and other advisers about equity market conditions, investor sentiment and our ability to execute the IPO in a complicated market. While equity markets remain uncertain, volatility was not as extreme leading up to Labor Day. We were confident we could complete the IPO within an acceptable valuation range, and we continue to believe it was very important for the future of AIG and Corebridge to establish Corebridge as a public company in 2022. 
 Throughout the third quarter, we also made significant progress in the implementation of a new investment management model for AIG and Corebridge. As you know, in mid-2021, we finalized a strategic partnership with Blackstone, which includes the transfer of $50 billion of Corebridge AUM to Blackstone, with that number growing to $92.5 billion over 6 years. 
 In addition, earlier this year, we announced a partnership with BlackRock, under which we will transfer up to $150 billion of liquid assets from both AIG and Corebridge. To date, we have transferred $100 billion of assets, with $37 billion moving from AIG and $63 billion moving from Corebridge. The complexity of operationally separating Corebridge from AIG as well as implementing our new operating model for investment management cannot be understated. 
 Keep in mind, these businesses have been in a combined structure for over 2 decades, with aspects of each business shifting over time between segments until just a few years ago. And until we announced our intention to separate Corebridge from AIG in late 2020, investments was a stand-alone unit at AIG, servicing all businesses across the organization. Our partnerships with Blackstone and BlackRock enable us to accelerate the reshaping of our investment portfolios. 
 With respect to the financial commitments Corebridge made as part of the IPO, I'd like to reiterate them as they too will create significant value for shareholders over time. We continue to expect Corebridge to pay $600 million in annual dividends, with its first quarterly dividend of $148 million declared 15 days after the IPO close and already paid, to have the financial flexibility to repurchase shares or reduce AIG's ownership stake as early as the second quarter of 2023 and to achieve a return on equity of 12% to 14% over the next 24 months. 
 Completing the Corebridge IPO within a very narrow window was a testament to the careful preparation, hard work and dedication of our teams at AIG and Corebridge and to the quality of the business. This was a major accomplishment for our teams, and we are all very proud of the outcome. 
 Turning to other highlights in the third quarter. Adjusted after-tax net income per diluted common share was $0.66. General Insurance delivered very strong performance and continued profitability improvement despite significant natural CATs in the quarter. The accident year combined ratio, ex CATs, was 88.4%, a 210 basis point improvement year-over-year and the 17th consecutive quarter of improvement. 
 This result was primarily due to Global Commercial, which had an excellent quarter, with an accident year combined ratio, ex CATs, of 83%, a 590 basis point improvement year-over-year, driven by International Commercial, which had an impressive 80.4% accident year combined ratio, ex CATs. The accident year combined ratio was 98.2%, a 200 basis point improvement year-over-year. The calendar year combined ratio was 97.3%, a 240 basis point improvement year-over-year. 
 CAT losses in the third quarter were $600 million, or 9.8 points of the combined ratio. Shane will break this number down for you in his remarks. Our CAT total includes losses from AIG Re related to Hurricane Ian, which came in at $125 million. This result reflects the terrific work the team has done to reduce peak zone exposure in our assumed reinsurance business, particularly in Florida, where we've reduced limits deployed by approximately 60% since 2018 and have minimal exposure to Florida domestic insurers. 
 Considering Hurricane Ian and other CATs in the third quarter, our CAT losses validate the quality of our underwriting, our reinsurance strategy and our ability to successfully manage volatility. With respect to PYD, there was a favorable release in the third quarter of $72 million or 90 basis points of the calendar year combined ratio. 
 In Life and Retirement, the business had another quarter of strong sales with premiums and deposits coming in at approximately $9 billion, up from $7.2 billion in the prior year, with positive year-over-year growth in each of its 4 business segments. Effective capital management remains a priority for AIG. In the third quarter, we repurchased $1.3 billion of common stock and paid $247 million of dividends. We also announced $1.8 billion of debt repayments, which we commenced in the third quarter and closed last week, further strengthening our balance sheet. And lastly, AIG ended the third quarter with $6.5 billion of parent liquidity. 
 Now let me provide additional detail on General Insurance and the continued, sustained improvement and very good absolute performance in our underwriting. When referring to gross and net premiums written, note that all numbers are on an FX-adjusted basis. Gross premiums written increased 5% to $9.2 billion, with Global Commercial growing 8% and Global Personal decreasing 3%. Net premiums written increased 3% to $6.4 billion. 
 The growth was in our Global Commercial business, which grew 6%, with Global Personal decreasing 4%. North America Commercial net premiums written increased 7%, and International Commercial net premiums written increased 5% or approximately 8%, excluding the impact of nonrenewal and cancellations related to known Russia exposure. 
 In North America Commercial, we saw very strong growth in net premiums written in Lexington led by wholesale property, retail property and Glatfelter. In International Commercial, we also saw strong growth in net premiums written in Global Specialty, led by International Specialty, marine and energy as well as property. 
 In Global Commercial, we also had very strong renewal retention of 85% in our in-force portfolio, with North America up 400 basis points year-over-year to 86% and international at 85%. As a reminder, we calculate renewal retention prior to the impact of rate and exposure changes. And across Global Commercial, our new business continues to be strong. North America new business was $458 million led by Lexington. International new business was $474 million led by specialty. 
 Turning to rate. Momentum continued in North America Commercial with overall rate increases of 9% in the third quarter, excluding workers' compensation. Areas within North America Commercial achieved double-digit rate increases. These included Lexington, which increased 20%; cyber, which increased 32%; and excess casualty, which increased 12%. International Commercial rate increases were 6%, driven by Talbot, EMEA, Asia Pacific, each of which increased 10%. 
 Our team analyzes loss cost trends every quarter. On our last call, we indicated that our loss cost trend view in the second quarter for North America Commercial lines had migrated upwards to 6%. Due to inflationary and other related factors that have resulted in an increase in property loss costs, we are increasing our aggregate loss cost trend to 6.5%, both in North America and international. Overall, we continue to receive rate above loss cost trends, which contributes to margin expansion on a written basis. 
 Moving to Global Personal Insurance, we continue our work across the portfolio to prioritize growth in A&H, to reposition our capabilities in Japan Personal and to transform our North America high net worth portfolio. Starting with North America, personal net premiums written declined 11%, driven by warranty as well as our ongoing reshaping of our high net worth business that we've discussed on prior calls. 
 We continue to make progress in our high net worth business by reducing peak zone aggregation, improving the overall quality of the portfolio, transitioning a portion of the portfolio where appropriate to excess and surplus lines and enhancing the value we offer to clients. Third quarter results reflect this repositioning, with North America's gross and net premiums written declining as we continue to reduce exposures and increase reinsurance sessions to mitigate volatility. 
 North America Personal Insurance's premium declines were partially offset by continued momentum in individual travel and Personal A&H. In International Personal, net premiums written declined 2% due to a reduction in warranty that was partially offset by a rebound in individual travel as well as growth in A&H, which is our largest and most profitable International Personal portfolio. 
 One item to note in the International Personal Insurance third quarter accident year loss ratio is that it reflects approximately $100 million of losses related to COVID claims in Japan and, to a lesser extent, Taiwan. These losses were primarily due to the Japanese government instituting a policy relating to deemed hospitalizations resulting from COVID, which impacted our A&H book. 
 This government policy was revised in the third quarter, and as a result, we expect the issue to have a de minimis impact in future quarters, starting with the fourth quarter of this year. Additionally, some of these losses related to cleanup expense benefits offered to small businesses, which AIG no longer provides. 
 Turning to PYD, we conducted our annual review of approximately 75% of pre-ADC loss reserves in the third quarter. We applied conservative assumptions in this review as we believe it is appropriate to be prudent given current economic conditions. As a result of our review, we recorded $72 million of net favorable development for the third quarter or 90 basis points of the loss ratio. This reflects $42 million of amortization from the ADC combined with $30 million of other favorable development. 
 Our international operations were favorable in every region totaling $328 million, whereas North America was unfavorable by $256 million. Furthermore, in North America, virtually every line of business was favorable, except for U.S. financial lines, which was unfavorable by $660 million net of the ADC, predominantly in accident years 2018 and 2019 and, to a lesser extent, 2020. 
 Let me unpack the drivers of unfavorable development in U.S. financial lines a bit more because it's been an area of focus for us for several years given AIG's history in this line of business. The unfavorable development was primarily driven by excess D&O written out of both the U.S. and our Bermuda business. And while there was some movement on the primary side, the excess book was the most significant driver. D&O prior year emergence continues to be driven by large losses. Many from security class actions and earlier accident years also experienced stacking exposures where primary mid-excess and high-excess policies were all exposed on the same insured. 
 This issue is similar to what we saw across the portfolio when we first started our remediation strategy. The company had too much vertical limit on a per account basis. As we've discussed on prior calls, our underwriting strategy and ventilation standards were completely overhauled over the last few years, including U.S. financial lines to prevent stacking and overexposure to anyone insured. And we've dramatically reduced limits deployed on individual policies, obtained tighter terms and conditions and achieved higher attachment points on primary limits. Shane will provide more detail on PYDs in his remarks. 
 Now I'd like to spend a few minutes talking about Hurricane Ian, which was a very tragic event on a human level that also left devastating physical damage. AIG rapidly deployed significant resources to the affected areas, providing immediate support and infrastructure to help individuals, businesses and communities rebuild. Hurricane Ian is projected to be the second largest insured natural CAT loss in U.S. history. 
 There remain a considerable number of variables contributing to industry ultimate losses, but based on what we know today, total insurable losses are expected to be in the range of $50 billion to $60 billion. For context, Hurricane Katrina and Irma, the first and third largest U.S. natural CAT losses in the last 100 years, are estimated at $85 billion and $40 billion of insured losses, respectively, on an inflation-adjusted basis. 
 While Hurricane Ian will have an impact on the broader insurance, reinsurance and retro markets, we believe AIG is well positioned. Very importantly, we have strong and strategic relationships with our major reinsurers, and we are confident in our ability to obtain similar levels of capacity for 2023 as we did in 2022. In addition, we've improved and continued to improve our portfolio, and therefore, the reinsurance we require will reflect this during 2023. And we see significant growth opportunities across the market, especially in the near term and for property specifically, and our significant financial flexibility will allow us to be nimble as we deploy capital at attractive risk-adjusted returns to Retail Property, wholesale property, Talbot, global specialties and AIG Re. 
 With respect to the industry and markets more broadly, as we noted on our second quarter call, there are a few things you need to believe about the market prior to Ian in order to understand the impact Ian may have in the future. If you believe, as we do, that the retro market was already contracting from last year's available capacity, which itself was reduced from the prior year and the anticipated capital for 2023 was already going to further contract approximately 10%, the retro market and the property CAT market would have already been challenged even prior to Ian. 
 In addition to reduced capacity over 2022, prior to Ian, there was also an expectation of increased retentions, more specific peril coverage as well as rate increases resulting from several factors including increased frequency and severity of CATs over the last several years. Keeping this context in mind, 2022 will be another year with over $100 billion in natural CAT industry losses. Prior to 2017, on an inflation-adjusted basis, there were only 2 years, 2005 and 2011, that had greater than $100 billion of global natural CAT losses. And in both of these years, losses were led by primary perils.  
 Since 2017, 5 of the last 6 years have had greater than $100 billion in global natural CAT losses, with the predominant portion of losses in the aggregate coming from secondary perils. Furthermore, other issues potentially impacting 1/1 capacity prior to Ian were the strengthening of the dollar, euro-denominated capacity likely decreasing due to currency devaluation, asset valuations, inflation and demand surge from the post pandemic economy, just to name a few. 
 When considering the impact of Ian and the complexity it adds to already challenging market conditions, there are a few additional factors to consider. In Florida, residential total insured values have increased by more than 50% over the last 10 years. The significance of commercial losses, which will likely exceed 40% of the ultimate losses for Ian, compared to the average of prior natural catastrophes, where commercial losses were 30% of the ultimate loss. The prevalence of commercial losses exacerbates the complexity of CAT modeling generally and the resulting deficiencies regarding appropriate CAT load and pricing. 
 When considering the modeled estimated output for losses related to Ian, for example, commercial losses were deficient by 2.5x and personal by 1.5x after adjusting for inflation and other factors. Furthermore, when major CATs occur in Florida, a disproportionate amount of the loss finds its way to the reinsurance market because of the proportional and low attaching excess to loss placements completed by Florida domestic insurers as their capital structures require significant reinsurance. Available reinsurance capacity is forecasted to be the lowest aggregate limit available in over a decade, making conditions in the property CAT reinsurance market even more challenging. 
 Now turning to Life and Retirement. Adjusted pretax income was $589 million, decreasing from $877 million in the prior year period, mainly due to lower alternative investment income and lower call and tender income. There were no significant reserve adjustments arising out of the third quarter actuarial assumption review. As I mentioned earlier, Life and Retirement had excellent sales with premiums and deposits of approximately $9 billion, up 23% year-over-year. Sales of annuities over the course of 2022 have benefited from our relationship with Blackstone with $5 billion of assets originated year-to-date in private ABS, direct credit lending and structured assets. 
 While our strategic partnership with Blackstone is still in the early days, the quality and the performance of the portfolio relative to what the business could have done on its own are very encouraging. Sequential improvement in fixed income and loan portfolio yields accelerated, with a 24 basis point improvement in base investment yields. Year-over-year fixed income and loan portfolio yields also improved 8 basis points, confirming the business has surpassed year-over-year yield compression for the first time in recent memory. Shane will provide more information on the Life and Retirement segment and Corebridge in his remarks. 
 Shifting to capital management, we continue to be balanced and disciplined as we maintain appropriate levels of capital in our subsidiaries for profitable growth opportunities across our global portfolio as well as reduced levels of debt while returning capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. Looking ahead, with respect to share buybacks, we have $4.3 billion remaining on our current share repurchase authorization and expect to end 2022 with over $5 billion of share repurchases for the full year. And balance sheet actions we've taken put us in a position of strength with significant financial flexibility that AIG has not had in many years. 
 As we look to 2023, our lockup agreement with the underwriters of the IPO with respect to Corebridge common stock expires in March. Subject to ordinary course blackout periods, this means that our likely windows for a secondary offering of Corebridge common stock in the first half of 2023 will be in mid- to late March as well as mid-May to late June. Our current expectation is that the net proceeds will largely be deployed to share repurchases. 
 While we remain committed to consistently returning capital through share repurchases for the foreseeable future, we believe there will be attractive organic growth opportunities in General Insurance and AIG Re given current market dislocations that may prove compelling. Lastly, as we discussed on our second quarter call, we continue to expect that post deconsolidation of Corebridge, AIG will achieve a return on common equity at or above 10%. Shane will provide more details in his remarks. 
 As we approach year-end and plan for 2023, our path forward is clear with General Insurance solidifying its position as a global market leader, the deconsolidation and eventual full separation of Corebridge firmly underway and a significantly strengthened balance sheet. With that, Shane, I'll turn the call over to you. 
Shane Fitzsimons: Thank you, Peter. As Peter noted, I will provide more detail on the third quarter results, specifically EPS, reserve reviews, net investment income, capital management and the path to achieving an above 10% return on common equity. Adjusted after-tax income was $509 million or $0.66 per share compared to $837 million or $0.97 per share in the prior year quarter. This was driven by a $741 million decline in net investment income, offset by improved underwriting results in General Insurance and solid performance in Life and Retirement as well as improved GOE and Other Operations. 
 General Insurance finished the third quarter with adjusted pretax income of $750 million. Underwriting income was up $148 million despite Hurricane Ian, offset by a $209 million decline in net investment income due to alternative investment returns. Life and Retirement contributed adjusted pretax income of $589 million, which is $288 million below prior year quarter driven by lower alternative investment and call and tender income. 
 Other Operations adjusted pretax loss of $614 million compared to $562 million prior year quarter, mostly due to lower alternative investment income, partially offset by lower interest expense. This quarter, Other Operations included $16 million of additional expenses for setting up Corebridge as a stand-alone company. Excluding such expenses, GOE improved by $17 million versus prior year. 
 As Peter noted, results in General Insurance reflects strong underwriting performance with continued combined ratio improvement of 240 basis points to 97.3%, an accident year combined ratio ex CAT of 210 basis points to 88.4%. North America Commercial accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, improved 590 basis points over the prior year quarter to 84.6%. International Commercial accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, at 80.4% showed 640 basis points of improvement.  
 North America Personal reported an accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, of 112.8%, primarily reflecting higher reinsurance costs and lower ceding commission for high net worth business. International Personal accident year combined ratio, ex CAT, was 99.9%, wholly due to increased frequency of A&H claims in Japan and Taiwan. Net CAT losses, excluding reinstatement premiums, were $600 million or 9.8 loss ratio points in the third quarter, which included $450 million from Hurricane Ian and $84 million from Japanese typhoons. Additionally, the reinstatement premium impact across all CAT events was $55 million. 
 Switching to reserves, nearly $40 billion of reserves were reviewed this quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to approximately 90% of carried pre-ADC reserves. As Peter noted, prior year development, excluding related premium adjustments, was $72 million favorable this quarter compared to favorable development of $50 million in the prior year quarter. 
 Prior year emergence in accident year 2019 and 2020 was largely due to policies written in 2017 and 2018. And an accident year 2020 was largely due to policies in private and not-for-profit where gross premiums have been reduced by 54% since 2018, and limits provided have been reduced by 85%. In 2018 and prior, AIG wrote multiyear policies that contributed to accident year 2019 and 2020 losses. So for example, a policy written in 2017 had loss emergence in accident year 2020. We have strategically shifted away from this business, which now makes up less than 1% of policies in those lines. 
 As we've discussed previously, we overhauled the General Insurance underwriting strategy, including U.S. financial lines, resulting in reduced limits deployed on individual policies, tighter terms and conditions on higher attachment points on primary limits and termination of certain businesses. Since 2018, we have seen the following. Total primary limits exposed in U.S. financial lines have been reduced by $32 billion on a comparative basis or nearly 80% through the third quarter of this year. 
 Total primary limits in both corporate and national D&O have been reduced by nearly 50% on a comparative basis, and private and not-for-profit primary limits have been reduced by nearly 85%. And in all cases, rates have increased substantially over this time period. Since 2018, we have achieved cumulative rate increases of nearly 85% in both primary corporate and national D&O on a third quarter cumulative basis and over 115% in private and not-for-profit primary business. 
 Overall, we recognize bad news early but wait to recognize good news over time as we monitor developments, which we believe leads to a conservative view on our reserves. Along these lines, we've built in an expectation of higher inflation given the uncertainty over its potential impact on our reserves. 
 Turning to Life and Retirement. Adjusted pretax income was $589 million compared to $877 million in the prior year quarter. The decrease was due to lower alternative investment, call and tender and fee income, partially offset by higher investment income from fixed maturity and loan portfolios, less adverse mortality and an improved outcome in the annual actuarial assumption review, which, other than DAC acceleration of $57 million, showed no meaningful net movement in reserves this year. 
 Product margins were attractive and in excess of long-term targets in all businesses, supported by robust new business origination from Blackstone. Corebridge now expects spread compression to convert to expansion beginning in 2023. Strong sales momentum continued in Individual Retirement, with $3.8 billion in sales, a 16% increase year-over-year and led by over 100% growth in fixed annuity sales on a record $1.7 billion in index annuity sales. 
 Group Retirement deposits grew 11%, driven by higher large plan acquisitions in the third quarter. The Life business had solid sales with an improving mix of business in the U.S. and continued underlying growth in the U.K. In Institutional Markets, premiums and deposits of $1.9 billion were up from $1 billion in the prior year quarter, with larger GIC issuances on higher pension risk transfer transactions. Mortality, including COVID losses, was once again below original pricing expectations.  COVID losses remain within original sensitivities of $65 million to $75 million for each 100,000 U.S. population deaths. 
 Adjusted pretax net investment income for the third quarter was $2.54 billion, a decline of $741 million or 23% compared to prior year quarter, with $431 million attributable to Life and Retirement. $665 million of the decline was due to alternative investment income and $150 million was due to reduced call and tender income, offset by increase in the fixed maturity and loan portfolios of $153 million from yield uplift.
 Our fixed maturity and loan portfolio saw a lift in yield of 17 basis points in the third quarter, building on top of the 9 basis points from the second quarter, and we expect 10 to 15 basis points additional in the fourth quarter. The new money yields on our fixed maturity and loan portfolio was approximately 120 basis points above the assets rolling off during the third quarter, roughly 60 basis points higher in General Insurance and 130 basis points higher in Life and Retirement. 
 Now turning to the balance sheet and capital management. We began 2022 with $10.7 billion of parent liquidity. And since then, we have paid dividends totaling $768 million, repurchased approximately $4.4 billion or 77 million shares of common stock, bringing our ending count to 747 million shares, a 9% reduction year-to-date. 
 Including recently announced bond make-whole calls of $1.8 billion, we established a Corebridge debt structure of $9.4 billion and reduced $9.8 billion of AIG debt. We completed the Corebridge IPO with its parent liquidity at $1.7 billion. AIG received $1.6 billion of net proceeds from the IPO, and we exited the third quarter with $6.5 billion of AIG parent liquidity, including $1.8 billion to fund the make-whole calls. 
 At third quarter end, our GAAP leverage was 36.5%, a 540 basis points increase quarter-over-quarter. The decrease in AOCI added 320 basis points to the overall leverage ratio, with over 80% of the change relating to Life and Retirement. AIG's debt leverage ratio, excluding AOCI, was 27.5%, up 220 basis points from the second quarter as a result of the issuance of Corebridge debt as planned prior to the IPO. Including the impact of the make-whole calls post quarter end, AIG's leverage is 34.7% or 26%, excluding AOCI. Total adjusted return on common equity was 3.7%, down from 6.5% in 3Q '21. The decrease is mostly caused by a decline in net investment income. 
 Moving to the risk-based capital ratio, our primary operating subsidiaries remain profitable and well capitalized, with General Insurance's U.S. pool fleet and Life and Retirement's U.S. fleet RBC ratios both above our target ranges. We continue to make progress on the 4 priorities to achieve a 10% or greater return on capital employed. They are: underwriting profitability; leaner operating model; separation of the Life and Retirement business; and capital management. 2 points of improvement in combined ratio or $500 million of expense savings or $5 billion in share repurchases approximate to 1 point improvement in ROCE. 
 We expect to achieve expense savings from multiple areas, including: the remaining $350 million of savings yet to be realized from AIG 200; roughly $300 million of corporate GOE and approximately $400 million of interest expense that will be transferred to Corebridge; an additional expense savings as we transition AIG to a leaner operating model. Additionally, we've seen a 26 basis point yield uplift in the fixed maturity and loan portfolios in the past 2 quarters. Over time, we expect the yield uplift from net investment income could add 1 to 2 points to ROCE. 
 We are confident about delivering on our 10% plus ROCE commitment, and we will continue to execute on a prudent capital management strategy, which will reduce the share count to 600 million to 650 million range while maintaining leverage at the 20% to 25% level post deconsolidation. 
 With that, I will turn the call back over to you, Peter. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you, Shane. And operator, we're ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. [Operator Instructions] 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Operator, maybe we'll go to the next one in the queue, and then we'll come back to Elyse. 
Operator: So our next question comes from John Heagney from Dowling & Partners. [Operator Instructions] 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Do you want to try the next one in the queue, operator, please? 
Operator: Let's try J. Paul Newsome from Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Sorry about the confusion from the folks on the questions, hopefully, you can hear me. I actually wanted to ask you about sort of a little bit different broad M&A question about the turmoil in the market. I think, obviously, we've seen environments where there's quite a bit of change. And I don't know if you think or you're seeing maybe the sellers getting a little bit more willing to sell given the volatility of the environment, and just your general thoughts on M&A would be fantastic. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. So let me first take a step back, thank you for the question, and talk a little bit about our capital management strategy. And as we've outlined in the past, that we're focused on putting additional capital in the subsidiaries for organic growth because we see great opportunities. We worked very hard on reducing leverage. So while we've leveraged up Corebridge, we've been redeeming debt at the AIG level, focused on returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases, and we'll look very hard at the dividend for 2023. 
 And our view on M&A is, where there are compelling opportunities, I think you have seen weakness in this quarter in terms of some of the reporting. But our strategy is much more where it's compelling, where it's strategic. And I think if we use Glatfelter as an example, Glatfelter was a best-in-class program underwriter that had great distribution. We were not performing well in our Programs business. So we were able to reduce our position in programs and bring Glatfelter and Tony Campisi and the leadership team to AIG, and they just have thrived here together, where we've improved combined ratios, we've grown, and we've improved our overall performance. 
 So I think we will look for ways. We don't really have portfolios that need to be rehabilitated like we would have the Programs 3 years ago, but we could find those bolt-ons and things that are additive to AIG, where we are both better from being together. So I think that's how we would think about acquisition in the sort of medium term. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Fantastic. Shift to a different question, maybe some thoughts on Validus in the context -- in the reinsurance business, in the context of the broader steps that you folks have done to reduce CAT exposure and maybe a little bit about the trade-off. I mean -- because, obviously, the big achievements that you've done under AIG is reduce the CAT exposure immensely. And how do you think about sort of, as we go forward, the trade-off that there seems to be a lot of opportunities in property CAT, kind of exposed areas but especially in the reinsurance market. But obviously, you've managed that trade-off pretty aggressively in the past. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. So I think the market that's in front of us is going to reward those who are disciplined leading up to it. We have been very thoughtful and careful about reducing aggregate where we felt we had too much in peak zones as well as too much exposed to natural catastrophes. So we've talked over time that we've reduced enormous limits over the period that we've been reunderwriting. 
 Now on the AIG reassumed side, that's been just disciplined. We didn't like the risk-adjusted returns as we've cited in my prepared remarks, that we took down the aggregate by 60%. And I think the premiums, if you look on a gross basis in terms of CAT year-over-year, we're going to be down like 40%. And actually, some of that would be greater in North America. 
 We will look at opportunities in terms of -- we have plenty of aggregate for CAT, but it'll all be what's the best risk-adjusted opportunities. I mean the good news is we have multiple entry points. So we have Lexington on an E&S basis. We have retail property capabilities across the world. We have a terrific syndicate in Talbot that can access specialty classes that are more first party. We have a tremendous global specialties business that did phenomenal, I think, in the quarter and showed their sort of global leadership. And then we have the assumed business for AIG Re, where there are opportunities to deploy capital there, we are going to be prepared. So I think that the market will be very good for us to deploy more property. But again, we'll be disciplined, and we'll see what really transpires over the next 60 to 90 days. Next question, please. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Great. Am I coming through? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes, Meyer. Good to talk to you. 
Meyer Shields: Fantastic. Okay. And Peter, just hoping you could talk a little bit about casualty loss trends because you mentioned property as one of the reasons for raising the overall trend 6.5%. And we obviously saw the financial lines issues that, at least superficially, could lead into other casualty lines. Can you sort of close the loop on that? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sure. I'll ask Mark to provide more detail. I think what we do in our prepared remarks is say that we're looking at property, casualty, all of our lines and business in great detail. Really, what's been driving the upper end of the ranges up has been more the first-party business because of all the economic factors that are driving them. But Mark spends enormous time with the staff and the underwriting claims, looking at all the casualty trends as well. Mark, do you want to provide more detail, please? 
Mark Lyons;Executive Vice President, Global Chief Actuary & Head of Portfolio Management: Sure. Peter, thank you. So yes, on the follow-up on that, Meyer, would be -- let's put it this way. The excess casualty loss cost trends are double digits. And the primary trends aren't too much lower than that, but they're single digits but on the upper end. So we think we've captured it in a pretty good fashion. But the incremental move from quarter-to-quarter, as Peter denoted, is marginally -- increases on the liability side, but it's mostly due to the much more apparent trends on the property loss cost side, which on a weighted average basis, drives it up. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's very helpful. The second question, I guess, in recent quarters, we've been hearing about increasing competition in, I guess, in excess public D&O, which seems a little bizarre. Are you seeing any other individual product lines where there's incremental softness? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Meyer. Dave, why don't you talk a little bit about what we're seeing in D&O. We really are not seeing it in other lines to the extent that what's going on in D&O, but we've been very disciplined, and Dave could provide a little bit more context. 
David McElroy: Thank you, Peter and Meyer. Yes. The rates have rolled back after 4 years of cumulative increases north of 100% in public D&O. It's -- I'm not sure the logic path of that, okay? At the same time, we also have to discern different markets sitting inside what would be the public D&O. So primary versus first excess versus high excess versus Side A and classes and market cap differentiation, all those things have to be factored in. 
 I think certainly, in our book, which has a weighting to primary, there's less pricing pressure in the primary. There's respect for the company that leads the tower, claims reputation, multinational and underwrite a reputation with distribution and clients. So that's a different piece, Meyer, that I'd say. 
 Excess has been and will be a commodity product in many lines of business. D&O is showing up now. It often shows up in excess casualty and may show up in excess property. But right now, it's showing up in D&O. And once again, the risk matters, the account matters, the commoditization, it might be there, okay? It's -- I look at that as something maybe antithetical to the verticality in loss that's existing in the business and one that needs to be managed and managed by each individual company. And you will have that sort of a different portfolio that others may chase that down. And I would say that responsible markets will probably have a renewal retention that's lower in the excess capacity. And that will be showing up in future quarters. 
 It does not make sense. I'll be very frank. The verticality of loss is real right now, whether in securities class actions or derivative cases. So it's just supply-demand competition. I think for our portfolio, we're confident because of the control that we have and the weighting that we have between primary and Side A that's tied to primary and the  financial strength of AIG that we will be there for the long duration claim. So with that, I'll turn it back. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: Can you guys hear me? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes, Elyse. Yes. Sorry about the glitch. 
Elyse Greenspan: No worries. So my first question, I know the timing of the deconsolidation depends upon secondary offerings of Corebridge. But when you do ultimately deconsolidate, do you envision at that point that General Insurance as a stand-alone entity will be running at a 10% ROE? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes, we do. I mean, again, like we've said, the timing of deconsolidation is subject to market conditions and the volatility in the market. But if you take that away and look at a normal course as to we get through 2023, when we deconsolidate, we expect we'll be, with all the variables that Shane outlined in the 10% ROE, we will be at that 10% ROE. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then my second question is on the financial line adverse development. I know you guys mentioned part of it, right, is the multiyear covers that AIG used to write, but was there an impact on your current accident year picks as a pull forward of the charge? And if there wasn't, is it just because of the changes that you made in the business over the years? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Mark, would you take that one, please? 
Mark Lyons;Executive Vice President, Global Chief Actuary & Head of Portfolio Management: Sure, Peter. Elyse, good to hear from you. So yes, that's a good question, Elyse, and it's actually the right question. So I guess think of it like this. Shane mentioned that we did $40 billion of reserves this quarter, that makes it 90% year-to-date, only 10% remaining. And the review was -- all our reviews have been comprehensive. But I would say particularly so this quarter, with improved actuarial methodologies but really augmented with a rigorous review of individual cases with the claims department, specifically focusing on downside risk that was more qualitatively, also incorporating, so I guess a couple of things. 
 First, it would be that because of that concentration of real detail, the financial reserve position is strong, firstly. Secondly, as you mentioned the multiyear policies, yes, that's an impact and probably a larger impact than you might think, which kind of preceded Dave and the team. And that excess D&O and private not-for-profit are the major drivers as Peter and Shane highlighted. But I really do not see that as a follow forward into more recent accident years. 
 And -- but let me just give you a few fact points on that. So Dave talked about it a bit indirectly, but I think more directly, from my point of view on risk selection, which is what it's really all about at the end of the day, back in 2017, 42% of our insurance -- or given that there was a class action -- security class action lawsuit, we had 42% of them on a primary insured basis, whereas now, it's 12%. So that's a clear risk selection difference. 
 But from the severity point of view of how much capacity gets placed on those from -- it's an 80% reduction on capacity provided to those given that they had a security class action suit. So both elements of that, I think, are incredibly strong and point to the capacity deployment post those years, so more recently as well as the risk selection, which is the core to everything. 
 But a couple of other quick things. I know you like stats, Elyse. So why do I think it -- especially on the levels that we say are more susceptible [ that caused it ]. So on primary not-for-profit, for example, when we look back at prior policy years, now it's close to accident years, which is the real driver of underwriting decisions and improvements, the loss ratio for policy year '21 at 18 months of development is 80% lower than the prior year. And on excess P&L, which is longer tail, you have a similar 80% reduction in the loss ratio. So all of these facts point to a much stronger book of business and increased confidence that what's the most recent accident years are -- is valid. So we're not seeing any change to those loss ratios. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Great. Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Elyse. Next question, operator. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Meredith from UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Can you hear me? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes, Brian. Thank you. Nice to talk to you. 
Brian Meredith: Great. Awesome. Yes. Peter, I'm just curious, there's been a lot of debate about how the kind of rehardening here of the property market kind of affected the casualty markets. Just curious, your thoughts there in specifically casualty re and then on the primary side as well. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Brian. Again, we will see as we get to 1/1 in terms of what the pricing environment will be. It will be led by property. I mean I talked about it in my prepared remarks, some of the capacity issues and how reinsurers decide to deploy their capital is going to be very disciplined. I do think on the primary side of casualty, there will be some impacts. We look at just the normal economic potential headwinds, but also just deploying capital. So it's not going to be a single -- just we're going to get rate on property and not pay attention to casualty. You're going to look at it in a holistic way. 
 I think Dave and I have spent a lot of time on this, and we strongly believe that excess and surplus lines in casualty will grow more than admitted. On a same-store sale basis, meaning that the opportunities that exist today will find, I think, more growth in E&S and the specialty classes. And I think that the rate will reflect what the exposures are, and we would see the casualty lines being affected as well. But again, we'll see when we get into 2023. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And then my second question, I'm just curious, looking at your North American Commercial written premium growth. Given the rate and exposure that you guys are experiencing right now, I would have thought that you'd see close to double-digit growth in that line of -- in that area, not just 7%. Is there anything unusual happening there? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: No. Dave, why don't you add on in terms of what really happened in financial lines with M&A and IPO? But no, Brian, we saw very good growth. We outlined it in my prepared remarks, Lexington property, Glatfelter, Primary Casualty. So we saw real growth across North America and felt it was strong. Had a little bit of a headwind from financial lines just based on M&A and IPO. But Dave, maybe you can just cover that a little bit. 
David McElroy: Yes, Brian, I think when you unpack it and you really look at each of the key businesses, whether it's property or casualty or even our programs group and Glatfelter, there was strong growth. The vagaries of financial lines show up here, okay? It's always -- it's tied to the stock market. It's historically tied to the stock market. A lot of new business growth is tied to the stock market and particularly last year where you might have had a number of SPACs and IPOs, and they are nonrecurring in 2022. 
 So -- and then there's a runoff business that's also tied to the stock market. So what we saw, it's really financial lines, and I would call it a financial lines disciplined underwriting. We weren't chasing anything into this quarter and therefore, the growth was down. We're confident around the book. But it's -- that's actually where you would say the underlying growth of a significant part of our portfolio wasn't showing up in 3Q for the right reasons, okay? The stock market is a dictate of  what happens in the opportunities in financial lines. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you, Brian. I think we have time for one more question. 
Operator: And our final question will come from Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs. 
Taylor Scott: First one I had for you is on the capital deployment commentary. Getting down to 600 million to 650 million share count, I just wanted to see if you could unpack sort of underlying assumptions that may be included in that. And maybe help us think through when we think about the excess capital you have today, potential Corebridge secondary proceeds. How would you think about debt reduction versus share repurchases and how that sort of triangulates to the 600 million to 650 million, if you could? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. So thanks, Alex. We've talked about our capital management strategy over the past several quarters and focused on capital for growth, debt reduction, share repurchases. And as I said, going into 2023, we're going to focus on the dividend. The primary use of capital will be used for share repurchases and, again, like Corebridge, I think has done very well in a very challenging IPO market. We expect the value to continue to move in a very positive direction based on how strong the business is. And so I'm not going to get into like the P/E today versus the P/E of AIG, but think that the best use of capital over the foreseeable future is going to be to reduce share count to get us to the 600 million to 650 million range. 
 Now if I could spend 2 seconds on outlining what we've done since we've announced Blackstone in July of 2021, so you go back into early third quarter of last year and we set up Corebridge's financial structure. Not only did we do the IPO of 12.4% but set up their structure of $9.4 billion of debt, $1.7 billion of parent liquidity. During that period, we've reduced ongoing debt at AIG by approximately $12 billion, including the $1.8 billion make-whole in October. We paid common and preferred dividends of $1.3 billion during that period of time. We've also repurchased over 100 million of common shares, which is over $6 billion, and we put around $2 billion of capital in our subsidiaries for growth. 
 So that's a lot of capital deployment. All of it is set up to strengthen the balance sheet, strengthen AIG's strategic positioning as well as making sure that we can continue to put the capital in the subsidiaries to drive organic growth. So we're really pleased where we are, and we think that the path forward with the secondary offerings will put us even in a stronger position. 
Taylor Scott: Got it. That's helpful. And maybe as a follow-up question, just on reinsurance costs, is there anything you can tell us about your spend on your natural CAT reinsurance program as it stands today? And I appreciate that you probably don't want to provide too much and tip your hand one way or the other in terms of the way you'll work through negotiations on that next year. But any way to help us think through the current cost? And anything we should consider when thinking about the materiality of that headed into a harder reinsurance market? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. I mean the first thing I would say is AIG is not an index of the market rhetoric. We are very different in terms of how we purchase reinsurance just based on the size and scale, geographic diversity, different products. And so like when reinsurers deploy capital -- and that's why I say we have very strategic relationships because there's enormous continuity on our programs year-over-year even when we change structures. So I think that we've gotten commitments from all of our major reinsurers to be able to deploy the same amount of capital to the extent we need it for our property CAT. That's number one. 
 Number two is that the portfolio has changed. I mean when you are continuing to reduce gross exposures, you don't always need the same structures. And so I think we changed the structure in '22, which was to buy sort of global occurrence that sits above our per occurrence layers across the world and reduce the aggregate limit. And so we're looking at structures right now. I mean I think you're going to get -- no matter who you speak to, the truth will be it's going to be a very late renewal season. Retro needs to be put together. Nobody is quoting now. There's not going to be any firm order terms for quite some time. And I think that we're just going to have to work through the market. 
 But I just don't think that AIG is going to be in a detrimental position just based on our portfolio structure, partnership and actually our performance. And I think the reinsurers would say, you have to ask them, but what they tell me is that we've exceeded expectations on all the variables in terms of the commitments we've made in terms of the underwriting, and that's on property and casualty. So I think we'll be very well positioned and we'll provide updates as we get further along into the renewal season.
 Okay. Yes. I want to thank everybody today for your time, and I hope everybody has a great day. Thank you. 
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded.
 Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, and good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by the applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statements if circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change.
 Additionally, today's remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at www.aig.com.
 With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to review our second quarter results. AIG had an excellent quarter with strong momentum continuing across all of our strategic, financial and operational objectives. I could not be more pleased with the exceptional results in General Insurance. And Life and Retirement again delivered good results despite very challenging equity market conditions, significant volatility and other headwinds. 
 As you saw in our press release, adjusted after-tax net income per diluted common share was $1.19.
 General Insurance achieved a calendar year combined ratio of 87.4%, the first sub-90 quarter and best result this business has achieved in over 15 years. The accident year combined ratio, excluding CATs, was 88.5%, a 260 basis point improvement year-over-year and the 16th consecutive quarter of improvement. And the accident year combined ratio, excluding CATs, in Global Commercial was 85.3%, an improvement of 400 basis points year-over-year.
 Consistent with our strategy to manage volatility, catastrophe losses were very modest in the quarter, coming in at $121 million or 1.8% of a combined ratio. Life and Retirement has strong fixed annuity sales with over $1.3 billion in deposits for the second straight quarter, which benefited from the origination capabilities of Blackstone.
 AIG returned nearly $2 billion to shareholders in the second quarter through $1.7 billion of common stock repurchases and $256 million of dividends. In addition, we are on track to buy back at least $1 billion of common stock in the third quarter. We ended the second quarter with $5.6 billion of parent liquidity, which Shane will go through in more detail in his remarks.
 On today's call, I will provide more detail on 5 topics. First, I will provide an update on the IPO of our Life and Retirement business, which will be known as Corebridge Financial once the company is public, and discuss why we chose not to proceed with the IPO in the second quarter. I will also review the significant progress we've continued to make on various aspects of the separation of Corebridge as we prepare this business to be a stand-alone public company. 
 Second, as a follow-on to the IPO discussion, I will review Life and Retirement results where, as I mentioned, the core business showed continued resilience and solid performance despite headwinds largely driven from a reduction in net investment income. 
 Third, I will review the performance of General Insurance, where underwriting excellence continues to produce outstanding results with strong profitability and top line growth, particularly in our Global Commercial portfolio.
 Fourth, I will provide an update on AIG 200, where we achieved critical milestones and delivered on our stated goal of $1 billion in exit run rate savings 6 months ahead of schedule. 
 Lastly, I'll provide an update on capital management, particularly with respect to stock buybacks and debt reduction.
 Following my remarks, Shane will provide more detail on the quarter and then we will take questions. Mark Lyons, David McElroy and Kevin Hogan will join us for the Q&A portion of today's call.
 As you can see, our team has accomplished a lot on many fronts. Before expanding on our financial and operating performance, I want to address the status of the Corebridge IPO. Our base case had always been to complete the IPO in the second quarter, subject to regulatory approvals and market conditions. In deciding whether to launch the initial public offering in May or June, we weighed several variables, which were all market-related, some specific to Corebridge and some more macro level. These included equity market conditions and particularly the trading values of companies in the Life and Retirement sector that we consider to be the most comparable to Corebridge.
 In the second quarter, equity markets were down 16% with only 3 weeks seeing positive market returns, the VIX, which was above 30 resulting in extremely elevated market volatility and feedback we received from advisers, analysts and many potential institutional investors following the public filing of the S-1. While completing the IPO is a significant priority for us and something we are laser-focused on, we believe this is an attractive business and did not want to execute a transaction that would be detrimental to stakeholders in the long run. Absent something we don't see today, we remain ready to execute on the IPO, subject to regulatory approvals and market conditions. And the next window will be in September. 
 In the meantime, throughout the summer, we continue to make significant progress to position the business for long-term success. I'll highlight 3 areas of focus. One, expanding on our plan to achieve expense savings at Corebridge. Last quarter, we estimated these savings to be in the range of $200 million to $300 million, but we now expect to generate closer to $400 million of savings over the next 3 years with the majority of the run rate savings to be achieved in the next 24 months.
 Two, progressing the implementation of a new operating model for our investments unit. This includes our strategic partnership with Blackstone announced in July of 2021 and our partnership with BlackRock, where we began moving assets under management in the second quarter of this year pursuant to the arrangement we announced in late March.
 And three, planning our transition to BlackRock's Aladdin platform, which will replace aging and end-of-life technology infrastructure and provide enhanced risk analytics and reporting. We continue to expect that Corebridge will pay an annual dividend of $600 million post-IPO that will have a payout ratio of 60% to 65%, and that it will achieve a return on equity of 12% to 14% over the next 24 months.
 Now turning to Life and Retirement's performance in the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, adjusted pretax income was $563 million, decreasing from the prior year period due to lower NII, which was driven by lower alternative investment income, accelerated DAC amortization and an increase in SOP reserves. Given the pending IPO, we remain somewhat limited in what we can say about the business, but let me provide some details from the second quarter. The core business produced strong sales in fixed annuities, which were up 48% to $1.4 billion and strong sales in indexed annuities, which were flat at $1.5 billion.
 In Group Retirement, contributions grew 1%, nonrecurring deposits grew 4% and enrollments were up 11%. Second quarter deposits of $1.8 billion were strong with base net investment spread growing 4 basis points sequentially due to the higher interest rate environment. The Life and Retirement balance sheet and capital position remains strong with an RBC ratio of 415% to 425%, still above our target ranges.
 Now let me provide more detail on our second quarter results in General Insurance, where we continue to drive improved financial performance. Gross premiums written increased 5% on an FX-adjusted basis to $9.6 billion, with Global Commercial growing 8% and Global Personal decreasing 3%. 
 Net premiums written increased 5% on an FX-adjusted basis to $6.9 billion. This growth was led by our Global Commercial business, which grew 8% with Global Personal decreasing 4%. 
 Global Commercial net premiums written increased 10%, excluding AIG Re, where we have significantly reduced property CAT writings and exposure, particularly in the Southeast region of the U.S. 
 North America Commercial net premiums written increased 10% or 14% excluding AIG Re. And international net premiums written increased 5% or 8% excluding the impact of nonrenewal and cancellations related to Russia exposure in each case on an FX-adjusted basis.
 In North America Commercial, we saw very strong growth in net premiums written: In Lexington, which grew 31% led by wholesale property, which was up 46%; retail property, which grew 17%; and our Canadian commercial business, which grew 10%.
 In International Commercial, on an FX-adjusted basis, we also saw strong growth in net premiums written: In Global Specialty, which grew 16% led by energy, which was up 20%; and marine, which was up 10%; North America Specialty, which grew 17%; and International Specialty, which grew 15%.
 In Global Commercial, we also had very strong renewal retention of 85% in our in-force portfolio, with North America up 200 basis points to 85% and International holding steady at a very strong 86%. As a reminder, we calculate renewal retention prior to the impact of rate and exposure changes. And across Global Commercial, our new business continues to be very strong, coming in slightly over $1 billion for the fifth consecutive quarter.
 North America's new business grew to $542 million led by Lexington. International new business was $466 million, slightly down year-over-year due to intentional actions we took in Talbot and in our Specialty business related to Russia, Ukraine.
 Turning to rate. Momentum continued in Global Commercial with overall rate increases of 7%. And in the aggregate, rate continued to exceed loss cost trends. This is the fourth consecutive year in which we're achieving rate above loss cost trends and where we are successfully driving margin expansion.
 North America Commercial achieved 7% rate increases with some areas achieving double-digit increases led by Lexington, which increased 18% with 17% in Lexington wholesale property; Financial Lines, where professional increased 34% led by cyber, which increased 52%; and excess casualty, which increased 10%.
 International commercial rate increases were 7% driven by Financial Lines, which increased 11%, including more than 47% rate increases in cyber; property, which increased 10%; and EMEA, which also increased 10%.
 Last quarter, we indicated that our loss cost trend view in the aggregate for North America Commercial had migrated upwards from 4% to 5%, mostly driven by shorter tail lines. And as a result, we moved the upper end of the range to 5.5%.
 In the second quarter, trends in casualty and other liability lines continue to show no obvious impact in either internal or external data to support a large move on loss cost, whereas property businesses have been more clearly affected. As a result, based on a review of more recent information, we again modified our view on loss cost trend to 6%. Loss cost trend represents the composite of frequency and severity. However, there is an additional mitigant to inflation built into rate decisions. Exposure trend, which we view as a partial offset to loss cost trend, reflects the additional premiums an insurer receives driven by growth in underlying inflation sensitive exposure basis. When taking this exposure mitigant into account, our current North America Commercial loss cost trend net of these inflationary exposure benefits is approximately 4%.
 Additionally, our North America Commercial accident year loss ratio, ex CAT, is booked at 63% year-to-date, which is consistent with pure actuarial rate over loss cost and exposure trends but is a pure numerical approach and does not reflect our improved risk selection and continued improvement in terms of conditions. Those benefits will emerge over time.
 As we discussed on prior calls, since 2018, we have implemented a clear ventilation strategy in our casualty, financial lines and property portfolios that directs our capacity deployment towards higher average attachment points, which is a strong defensive measure towards rising inflation. And this strategy continues today. We also implemented the strategy in our AIG risk management loss-sensitive workers' compensation business. And over the last few years, average deductibles have increased 30% to $1.3 million.
 Turning to Personal Lines. In North America Personal, net premiums written declined nearly 4% driven by a reduction in warranty, which was partially offset by a rebound in travel. In International Personal, net premiums written declined 4% on FX-adjusted basis also due to a reduction in warranty and partially offset by growth in accident and health and travel.
 Now I'd like to spend a few minutes on our high net worth business. This is a business we will continue to invest in where there are attractive opportunities for profitability improvement. Over the last 2 years and through the second quarter, we've already invested $140 million to improve digital workflow, data, a customer interface that will provide enhanced insight and value to distribution partners and policyholders. The actions we are taking are designed to position this business to be more balanced with less density and lower volatility in order to provide more sustainable financial results.
 Let me review some of the market dynamics impacting this business that have created significant complexity and the resulting actions we are taking to reposition the portfolio. Currently, the level of reinsurance we purchased and the commensurate model ceded profit is a headwind to net premiums written growth and combined ratio improvement. This has been intentional as we are not willing to take volatility on frequency or tail risk on CAT in our high net worth business.
 Adding to this, the inability to pass on increased loss and reinsurance costs through rate increases or limit management largely due to regulatory constraints further deteriorates margin in the short run. But we have made a deliberate decision to continue writing this business as we believe the trade-off is appropriate in the near term given the opportunity we see over the long term.
 And while each of our CAT-exposed businesses has different attributes, I don't see reinsurance costs for the high net worth market generally becoming less expensive for the foreseeable future, but instead, seeing it putting pressure on the segment. In fact, for a business that is primarily underwritten in peak zones with high total insured values, reinsurance costs will likely increase and, in some cases, materially.
 To understand the complexity of reinsurance for peak zones, you need to look no further than in what has happened in the retrocessional market over the last few years. While overall small market, retrocession provides approximately $60 billion of available limit across various structures, of which roughly $20 billion is indemnity-based for reinsurers with this capacity primarily supported by alternative capital. 
 The dynamics in the retrocessional market over the last few years are important to understand because they have materially changed even though overall retrocessional capacity has remained flat since 2017. First, the cost of retrocession has increased significantly more than in the reinsurance industry on a risk-adjusted basis. Second, available capacity has shifted from predominantly aggregate to predominantly occurrence. Third, first event aggregate and lower attaching occurrence retrocession have been put under significant stress. Fourth, the retrocessional market return period attachment points have increased 50%. And fifth, compounded risk-adjusted rate changes have also increased by over 50%, even though retrocessional exposure is reduced compared to prior year.
 When you couple these factors with the additional adjustments going forward for inflation, model changes, trapped capital, you have a very complicated and challenging market. Additionally, if you review global insured net cat retrocessional losses over the last decade, 9 out of 10 years have had larger contributions from secondary peril aggregate losses than peak peril losses, which highlights the complexity of modeling catastrophes.
 As a result of these dynamics and challenging circumstances, we concluded that to continue to provide high net worth clients with comprehensive solutions that meet their emerging risk issues, we needed to move property homeowners product to the non-admitted market, particularly in CAT-exposed states. In the second quarter, we exited the admitted personal property homeowners market in certain states as we could no longer maintain our level of aggregation especially given the inability to reflect the loss cost increases, inflation and increased reinsurance costs and rates as well as limitations on our ability to make coverage changes in this market.
 As part of our go-forward high net worth strategy, we're going to move homeowners and possibly other products in more states to the non-admitted market. And we plan to set up a structure that, over time, we expect to be supported by third-party capital providers in addition to AIG. This structure will provide more flexibility to manage aggregation, price, limit, terms and conditions and to innovate to solve evolving client needs. We will continue to provide coverage to our clients in the U.S. utilizing a hybrid model of non-admitted and admitted products in some states and admitted-only products in other states. 
 We're already seeing the benefits of this strategy in our portfolio as the reduction in key catastrophe perils is apparent in these early stages. For example, since year-end 2021, gross wildfire PMLs are down approximately 35% to 40% across the entire PML return period curve.
 Now I want to review Russia, Ukraine. Last quarter, I addressed the many complexities and uncertainties that this situation presents, particularly those related to aviation policies issued to airline operators and leasing companies, including questions surrounding the occurrence of actual losses, loss mitigation efforts, whether any losses arise from war versus non-war apparels and the potential applicability of sanctions. These complexities and uncertainties very much continue. The claims we have received continue to be largely reported under political violence or political risk policies. And we continue to reserve our best estimate of ultimate losses, heavily comprised of IBNR despite the fact that the information we have received in connection with these claims remains very limited. Moreover, in the event of losses and the lines of business we have outlined that are subject to a potential loss, we have multiple reinsurance programs available.
 Turning to AIG 200. We started this 3-year journey in 2019. AIG 200 was designed to transform our core foundational capabilities across the company, and our financial objective was to deliver $1 billion of exit run rate savings with a cost to achieve of $1.3 billion. At the end of the second quarter, we achieved these goals 6 months earlier than expected. Delivering on these critical operational and financial objectives is a major accomplishment for our team.
 AIG 200 was successful because we maintained a tight governance structure and saw exceptional collaboration from colleagues across all major areas of the company. While the original objectives of AIG 200 have been completed, our team will remain focused on continuous improvement in operational excellence. 
 AIG 200 has put the company in a significantly better place. Specifically, we modernized our IT platform, retiring over 50% of our identified applications and moving 80% of our infrastructure to the public cloud. We now have a global standard commercial underwriting platform that streamlines our processes and allows over 3,000 underwriters to make better risk management decisions in real time. This platform also includes a new global location management system that allows us to better understand and manage our PML exposure. We made significant investments in key capabilities, including building a consistent underlying data infrastructure, enhancing our digital capabilities through new distribution partner and client portals linked to a single common call center platform and fundamentally streamlined our finance reporting capabilities for faster decision-making. And we streamlined our global operations and shared services capabilities by moving over 10,000 roles to outsourcing partners.
 I want to thank all of our colleagues involved in AIG 200 for their outstanding performance. They should take great pride in knowing they established a new infrastructure and foundation for AIG that we will continue to build on and that will drive benefits for our stakeholders now and in the future.
 Turning to our capital management strategy. We will continue to be balanced and disciplined as we maintain appropriate levels of debt while returning capital to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends while also allowing for investment in growth opportunities across our global portfolio.
 As I said earlier, we had a very successful second quarter where we reduced net debt outstanding by $1.4 billion, repurchased $1.7 billion of common stock, paid $256 million in dividends and ended with $5.6 billion in parent liquidity. Looking ahead, with respect to debt repayment, AIG will receive the remaining $1.9 billion under the promissory note from Life and Retirement prior to the IPO. And we expect to use these proceeds to pay down additional AIG debt and for other purposes.
 With respect to share buybacks, we have $5.8 billion remaining on our current share repurchase authorization and expect to repurchase at least $1 billion of common stock in the third quarter. With respect to growth opportunities, our priorities continue to be focused on allocating capital in General Insurance where we see opportunities for profitable organic growth and further improvement in our risk-adjusted returns.
 As we discussed on our last call, we expect that post deconsolidation of the Life and Retirement business, AIG will achieve a return on common equity at or above 10%. Shane will provide more details on ROE and on capital management in his remarks.
 Shane, I'll turn the call over to you. 
Shane Fitzsimons: Thank you, Peter, and good morning to all. As Peter noted, I will provide more detail on our second quarter financial results and unpack a number of our key performance metrics, specifically EPS, liquidity, leverage, net investment income and ROCE. 
 I will begin by providing more detail on the financial results of General Insurance and Life and Retirement in the second quarter. I will then provide more detail on net investment income. I will then review our balance sheet, leverage, AOCI, liquidity and share count, which benefited from excellent execution on a number of capital transactions. And finally, I want to provide you more detail on the execution path to 10% ROCE for AIG and more detail on what we intend to do to get there, including income drivers, expense reduction and AIG 200 where, as Peter noted, we have contracted or executed on our stated goal of $1 billion of exit run rate savings 6 months ahead of our original time line.
 Turning to EPS. Adjusted after-tax EPS was $1.19 per diluted common share. Improvements in General Insurance profit of $1.26 billion contributed $0.06 year-over-year. Within General Insurance, strong underwriting income of $799 million contributed $0.31 of improvement, offset by a $0.25 decline in net investment income primarily driven by the decline in alternatives. And reduction in shares outstanding also contributed $0.10.
 Life and Retirement declined $0.52 in APTI to $563 million, which was below last year's second quarter primarily due to $0.36 or $387 million unfavorable from lower net investment income, $0.19 or $202 million from accelerated DAC amortization and an increased SOP 03-1 reserves. The net investment income decline in Life and Retirement was due to alternatives being down $0.21 and an $0.11 decline in yield enhancement income.
 As I noted, General Insurance's adjusted pretax income contribution in the second quarter was $1.26 billion, which reflects strong underwriting profit growth and continued improvement in the calendar year combined ratio of 510 basis points to 87.4%, and the accident year combined ratio ex CAT of 260 basis points to 88.5%. 
 General Insurance adjusted pretax income improved by $63 million year-over-year. Underwriting income improved by $336 million driven by a $182 million improvement in accident year underwriting income in addition to $137 million from an improved PYD, offset by a reduction in alternative investment income in the quarter. The combined ratio improvement was due to improved underwriting income, earned premium growth, expense discipline, low catastrophe losses and favorable PYD, which all contributed to pretax underwriting income being up 73% year-over-year, increasing to $799 million from $463 million.
 North America Commercial had another 300 basis points improvement in the accident year combined ratio ex CAT over the prior year quarter, coming in at 88.2%. International Commercial also continued to improve profitability with 550 basis points improvement in the accident year combined ratio ex CAT this quarter, coming in at a strong 81.4% for the second quarter.
 North America Personal had a 40 basis points improvement in the accident year combined ratio ex CAT over the prior year quarter, coming in at 99.7%. International Personal experienced a 120 basis points deterioration in the accident year combined ratio ex CAT, coming in at 95.2% for the second quarter.
 In the second quarter, CAT losses were $121 million or 1.8 loss ratio points compared to $138 million or 2.1 loss ratio points in the prior year quarter. Prior year development, excluding related premium adjustments, was $202 million favorable this quarter compared to the favorable development of $51 million in the prior year quarter. This quarter, the ADC amortization provided $42 million of favorable development. And the balance of $160 million favorable arose mostly from old accident years in workers' compensation along with primary casualty lines in the U.S. The review in the quarter was mainly focused on North America and represents approximately 15% of reserves.
 Within both AIGRM loss-sensitive work comp and U.S. primary casualty lines, there were additional indications of higher favorable development, but we felt it prudent to wait and see how the inflationary environment evolves, particularly as it relates to the casualty bodily injury and the medical side of workers' comp. We look at this quarterly, and as is our standard practice, we will be reviewing approximately 75% of the total pre-ADC General insurance reserves in the third quarter.
 Life and Retirement adjusted pretax income of $563 million compared to $1.12 billion in the second quarter of 2021. The year-over-year decline was due to $387 million of lower net investment income, of which $224 million is from lower alternative investment income as well as accelerated DAC and increased SOP reserves of $202 million driven by the market declines in the second quarter. The DAC and SOP charges had approximately 300 basis points negative impact on ROCE in the quarter, but these are largely noncash.
 Within Individual Retirement, fixed annuity sales increased 48% year-over-year, aided by origination activity to the Blackstone relationship. And fixed index annuity had another solid quarter of sales. Sales of variable annuities declined in the quarter, consistent with market conditions.
 Net flows were positive $628 million this quarter compared to negative net flows of $77 million in the prior year quarter. And variable and indexed annuity spreads expanded 2 basis points from the first quarter of 2022.
 Group Retirement had strong deposits in the quarter of $1.8 billion, while surrenders declined and base net investment spread was up 4 basis points versus the first quarter of 2022.
 Life Insurance adjusted pretax income was $117 million. The second quarter represented the lowest COVID mortality quarter since the pandemic began, while non-COVID mortality also ran favorable in the period. Premiums and deposits also continued to benefit from the solid international life sales, which comprise approximately 45% of new sales activity.
 Our previously reported level of spread rate compression has been in the range of 8 to 16 basis points annually. But given current market conditions, we now expect to be better than 8 basis points for the full year.
 As you are aware, for the Life and Retirement business, we conduct our entire reserve review in the third quarter. However, with the recent focus on the guaranteed universal life product, I will provide a few comments. First, this is not a large block for us. So we do not have much exposure in our in-force block, which is approximately $3 billion in net statutory reserves, which represents 2% of our net liabilities. For context, we did participate in the recent industry study on this topic. And our projected lapse rates, fund bases and dynamic premium modeling approach are consistent with the recommendations of the study. As additional background, over the last 5 years, we have been reviewing and strengthening our reserve assumptions for the guaranteed universal life product. And as a result, we don't expect significant adjustments.
 Turning to other operations, which includes interest expense, corporate general operating expenses, institutional asset management expense, runoff portfolio and eliminations, it was a positive contributor to adjusted pretax income year-over-year by $149 million. Corporate general operating expenses improved $74 million year-over-year in the second quarter, benefiting from AIG 200 and continued emphasis on expense management.
 Adjusted pretax net investment income for the quarter was $2.5 billion, a decline of $678 million compared to the second quarter of 2021. As a reminder, we report the results of our private equity holdings on a 1-quarter lag, and we may have an impact in the third quarter as well.
 Over the last few years, we focused on improving the risk profile of the investment portfolio with continued vigilance around corporate and consumer credit and a strong capital and liquidity profile in both General Insurance and Life and Retirement, which support our ability to manage through difficult times as evidenced by our financial stability through COVID.
 In Life and Retirement, our weighted average credit rating has improved since the end of 2015, while the percentage of capital-intensive assets has declined in the portfolio from 10.5% to 8.3%. In the second quarter, we continued the proactive steps in the investment portfolio to avoid potential overexposure in the event credit deteriorates.
 We sold RMBS and ABS securities with a market value of $3.2 billion in the second quarter. In addition, we have alternative investments, particularly hedge funds, that have generated good returns over time but with more quarter-to-quarter fluctuations and that is more volatility than we would prefer.
 Going forward, we would expect to move over time to an asset allocation with less volatility. We've also executed on sales of approximately $4 billion of low-yielding longer-duration corporate bonds to buy higher-yielding, shorter-duration structured securities, privates, ABS and CMLs with many of them being floaters. We feel it is appropriate to take advantage of the higher rate environment and turn the portfolio over a little more quickly than would naturally occur at maturity, thereby enhancing our forward APTI and ROCE.
 The second quarter saw significant increases in benchmark treasury yields with a 65 basis point increase on the 10-year or 146 basis points through June 30. With General Insurance and Life and Retirement portfolio durations are just under 4 and 8 years, respectively, the overall rising interest rate environment will provide a tailwind to our investment portfolio returns.
 Our base fixed income portfolio saw a lift in yield of 18 basis points in the second quarter versus first quarter with $17 million additional within General Insurance and $28 million additional in Life and Retirement.
 The new money yield on our base portfolio was approximately 80 basis points above the assets rolling off the portfolio during the second quarter. At the end of the second quarter, the new money yield is roughly 130 basis points higher than the overall current portfolio in General Insurance and roughly 75 basis points higher in Life and Retirement.
 Moving on to the balance sheet, leverage and liquidity. As Peter noted, we closed the quarter with $5.6 billion of parent liquidity. The second quarter includes execution of $1.7 billion in share repurchases, $256 million of common and preferred dividends and $1.4 billion net spend on debt reduction actions, including AIG debt retirement and extinguishment costs of $7.9 billion that is partially offset by the Corebridge debt issuance of $6.5 billion.
 In the second quarter, we saw a large AOCI movement as a result of increasing interest rates. Adjusted AOCI, which excludes the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude, moved from negative $5.9 billion to negative $15.4 billion or an additional reduction of $9.5 billion. We exited the second quarter with GAAP leverage of 31.1%, up from 27.8%, a 330 basis point increase quarter-over-quarter. The decrease in AOCI in the period added 390 basis points to the leverage ratio. This was partially offset by the net debt reduction of $1.3 billion in the period in addition to net income gains. The impact of AOCI is substantially larger in Life and Retirement and General Insurance, given the duration of their respective asset portfolios. At quarter end, our debt leverage ratio, excluding AOCI, was 25.3%, down 60 basis points versus 25.9% at the end of the first quarter of 2022.
 Total adjusted return on common equity was 7%, down from 10.5% in 2Q '21. And total company adjusted tangible return on common equity was 7.6%. The decrease is mostly caused by decline in net investment income. General Insurance's adjusted attributable return on common equity was 12% in the second quarter while Life and Retirement was 7.6%.  Life and Retirement's ROCE was impacted by approximately 300 basis point drag from the acceleration of DAC, an increase in the SOP 03-1 reserves in the second quarter.
 Adjusted book value per share of $72.23 increased 2.1% sequentially and 20.2% year-over-year. Adjusted tangible book value per share of $66.06 increased 2.2% sequentially and 21.8% year-over-year. Our primary operating subsidiaries remain profitable and well capitalized with General Insurance's U.S. pool fleet risk-based capital ratio for the second quarter estimated to be between 475% and 485%. And the Life and Retirement U.S. fleet estimated to be between 415% and 425%, both above our target ranges.
 Finally, during the quarter, we repurchased approximately 30 million shares at an average cost of $58.25, bringing our GAAP ending share count to 771 million with the quarterly average of 801 million compared to 873 million in the prior year quarter, representing an 8% reduction in average share count.
 As we previously disclosed, our agreement with Blackstone includes an exchange right put option, which is not exercisable until November of 2024. That gives Blackstone the right to exchange their stake in Corebridge for shares in AIG. Under the applicable accounting principles, this put option was dilutive in the second quarter and resulted in 43 million additional shares outstanding for the purposes of the adjusted EPS calculations in the period. It is worth noting that this put option goes away upon the execution of the IPO.
 Looking ahead, we have 4 priorities, which all lead to ROCE improvement towards our 10% or greater goal: continued momentum on underwriting excellence, expense reduction through operational excellence and expense discipline, the successful IPO and separation of the Life and Retirement business and continued execution on our capital management priorities.
 Continued momentum on underwriting excellence will include further improvements in our underwriting profitability without an increase in volatility as well as underwriting portfolio optimization, which involves both measured growth on proper leverage to optimize return allocation. While we have made significant progress to date, we are still achieving written rate above trends, both in business today and that which we have not yet earned in.
 Expense reduction will come through continued cost discipline, operational excellence, earn-in of AIG 200 run rate savings and a reduction of parent GOE. As Peter mentioned, we have now contracted or executed on $1 billion of savings related to AIG 200, and we have realized $610 million of savings to date. That leaves $390 million of savings that AIG expects to earn in over the coming 12 to 18 months. 
 We also expect roughly $300 million of the AIG corporate expenses will move to Life and Retirement upon deconsolidation. In addition, as Peter stated, we now expect Life and Retirement to execute a cost savings program, which will generate close to $400 million in savings and expect the program to deliver the first $100 million before year-end.
 With respect to the execution on our capital management priorities, we have already accelerated our share repurchases this year and expect additional repurchases as we get more clarity on the timing of the proceeds from the Corebridge IPO. Contemplated in our current plan, which includes the completion of the Corebridge IPO, we expect to reduce our share count to somewhere in the range of 600 million to 650 million shares, while maintaining leverage in the 20% to 25% level along with strong capitalization at the insurance subsidiary company level.
 Each of these drivers has some elements of tailwind to them. Additionally, yield enhancement in the base investment portfolio should provide meaningful lift in earnings power over time based on the current economic backdrop. To date, we're beginning to see the benefit of higher yields driving higher base portfolio returns where we are not dependent on higher interest rates to achieve our goal. These focus areas give us a line of sight to a minimum of 300 to 400 basis points of ROCE improvement. We will continue to provide updates over time.
 And with that, I will turn the call back over to you, Peter. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Great. Thank you, Shane. And operator, we're prepared to take questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Meyer Shields at KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Peter, you provided a ton of information on rates and trend and exposure. But I was hoping we could dig a little deeper, specifically into the exposure benefits for liability lines where premiums are based on receipts, but maybe the relationship between receipts and losses is not as obvious as, let's say, in property, and we've got the concerns of longer tail lines. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sure, Meyer. Thank you for the question. Like you said, we've provided a lot of information in our prepared remarks. But I think, Mark, why don't you go through what the effects are in exposure and also talk a little bit about sort of the loss ratio implications in the observations that we made? 
Mark Lyons;Executive Vice President, Global Chief Actuary and Head of Portfolio Management: Happy to. So a couple of things come to mind. First off, as Peter mentioned, North America Commercial aggregate loss trend is now up to 6% this quarter as opposed to our upper revision we did last quarter, the 5.5%, because we look at that every quarter. Short-tailed lines are driving much of this increase, and that is seen in our own data as well as external information. And over the last few years, because I'm talking about the weighted average loss cost trend there, the North American portfolio has reduced its property writings and has shrunk as a percentage of total, which helps ameliorate the growth in severity.
 So -- but we're seeing commercial property line loss cost trends of roughly 10% and in specialty-oriented property lines closer to 15%, driven by inflationary trends in construction materials, replacement costs, labor, transportation, things of that nature. Our view of casualty, bodily injury and the medical side of work comp, though, is unchanged from last quarter. And recall that even that reflected an increment of anticipatory medical cost increase. But as Peter said in his prepared remarks, we have yet to see it within our own data or with relevant external data.
 Now I think getting into some of your question as well, it's hard to discuss loss cost trend without discussing the related topic of margin, which reflects the exposure trend and how that mitigates the loss cost trend that we've already just talked about. The aggregate North American Commercial book has an approximate 2% exposure trend, which, as you mentioned, represents additional collected premium due to the positive impact of the underlying inflation sensitive exposure basis to which the rates are applied. And therefore, it does function as a partial inflation mitigant.
 And examples of that would be one of our growth engines, which is Lexington, which has approximately 60% of their book based on inflation-sensitive exposure basis. And another one would be retail property, where the focus on accurate and current statement of values is razor sharp in that level of focus. So the exposure trend is partially mitigating these loss cost trends, which then produces the approximate 4% all-in loss ratio trend that Peter commented on.
 But -- so when you put that in conjunction with the 7% rate increases achieved in the quarter, we're in excess of loss cost trend and loss ratio trend, let alone the loss ratio benefits of tighter terms and conditions. And rate change alone really doesn't tell the whole picture.
 We've spoken before about the power of the primary, especially in D&O. AIG's position there permits deploying [ ventilate ] capacity as we see fit, but just as important is the stronger pricing power resident in the primary versus high excess, which is fast becoming a good commodity driven by high price or highly by price and seeing the largest rate reductions. That's the strength of the primary.
 But I think lastly, just I think a clarification, it may or may make some sense, so think of it this way, let's not get confused on the difference between a real underlying exposure to loss with the measurement of that exposure to loss. So to keep it simple, if storekeeper A buys a GL policy, which is mostly a premises policy, and the insurer uses square footage as the exposure base, then the premium paid is rate times square footage, of course. And next year, if there is no rate change, he'll have the same premium.
 However, if storekeeper B has an identical store in the same geographic area and the same sales volume, but their insurer instead rates on gross receipts, and those receipts are 3% higher this year than last year, the true underlying exposure as measured by the propensity to have a claim didn't change, but the measurement of that exposure did change. So storekeeper B's premium will be 3% higher than that charged by insurer A, even though the stores are identical in every way. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: That's great, Mark. Thank you. Meyer, is there a follow-up? 
Meyer Shields: Yes. Just a very brief one really on the last comment. Is there an opportunity or an advantage to maybe shifting even more of the premium Phase 2 inflation-sensitive exposure? 
Mark Lyons;Executive Vice President, Global Chief Actuary and Head of Portfolio Management: Yes. I mean, it's -- that is a potential strategy that you'd -- a little difficult to implement, right, because you have -- part of a profitable portfolio are those things, rated -- inflation exposure basis like premises. However, when you get into other lines, like the M&C side of GL, Meyer, I think what you're saying makes a lot of sense. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. I think maybe I'd just add to that, and we'll take the next question, which is all the significant repositioning we've done in the excess and surplus lines, particularly with the Lexington. You hear a lot about in the prepared remarks because they've done such a great job between growth, rate, retention and pivoting that portfolio to be a significant contributor in terms of profitability improvement. I mean, we've gotten on property alone 16 consecutive quarters of double-digit rate increases. And as Mark alluded to, that just starts to drive margins. So we are repositioning the portfolio based on where we see the best risk-adjusted returns. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous. 
Erik Bass: So with the Corebridge IPO, it sounds like your strategy is to remain patient and wait for markets to recover since you're not a forced seller. Is this the right take? Or if the IPO window opens in the fall, would you look to take advantage and get some stock floated even if at a modest discount to what you view as the ultimate fair value? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks, Erik. We provided a lot of sort of guidance in our prepared remarks, but let me try to add to it. Our plan has always been to do an IPO of Corebridge, and that has not changed. So now we are targeting September. I mean, we gave you some of the variables, but obviously there's more to consider like you outlined. We just felt that the market conditions in the second quarter were not conducive. We always intend to own greater than 50% following the IPO. And therefore, we'll continue to consolidate results for the foreseeable future.
 The base case is still to do secondary offerings, but those will likely take place in 2023. And so look, we're going to watch the market. We always have to be careful in terms of the conditions that exist in the regulatory approvals. But our base case has just shifted from May, June to September. And we'll watch it carefully, and we'd like to get it floating. 
Erik Bass: Got it. And then one follow-up on Corebridge. I was just hoping you could talk a little bit more about the performance of your VA hedging program this quarter and the movements in the RBC ratio that we saw. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes, Shane, you and Kevin want to provide some insight on that? 
Kevin Hogan: Yes, so... 
Shane Fitzsimons: Go ahead, Kevin. 
Kevin Hogan: So Erik, yes, our VA -- the hedging program, our economic target-based hedging program has continued to perform as we have expected throughout all of the market volatility. It is an economic target-based hedging program, and so the RBC decline was in part due to the variable annuity and index annuity portfolios. And as you know, those market impacts are reversible as markets recover. So we have hedged all hedgeable economic risks. We have an open credit spread position, which we believe is offset by our general account credit portfolio, and the hedge has performed as we have designed it. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Yes, two quick questions here for you. First one, thanks for all the detail on the expense outlook going forward. I'm just curious, is there another plan expense reduction program for the General Insurance business post the Corebridge split?
 And Pete, I'm curious, is there a G&A expense ratio did you think you need to be at or a target you're looking at to be among the most competitive from an expense leverage perspective in the commercial insurance business? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes. So as we said, we're really proud and pleased that we just finished AIG 200, and that will start to continue to earn in. The work that we did in the summer for Corebridge, we increased our expectations there over the 3-year period to be now at the upper end of the range of $400 million. So our primary focus is the underwriting excellence in terms of the improvement, the focus on continuing AIG 200 and making sure that operational excellence becomes a core part of the organization, which it already has, but we want to continue that, and then making sure that the separation of Corebridge is done flawlessly. 
 At the same time, we are looking at our overall cost structure. There's a ton of work underway. And as we start executing on those other pieces, there will be -- Shane put in his prepared remarks, where we're going to get out a meaningful amount up to $500 million more of expenses. That's the remaining company within AIG. So that will start to get executed.
 As we start to deconsolidate, we'll have a path forward as we flow Corebridge and be able to give you more guidance. I don't have a percentage. I focus on the nominal in terms of -- when I look at even like General Insurance over the last 5 quarters where we've invested a lot in the business, the nominal GOE has not gone up. I mean, so the expense discipline is there. And we want to continue to benefit from the earned savings with AIG 200 and what we will take out in terms of the combined entity when we go forward. But we want to have an organization that is going to be world-class in terms of its overall expense ratios.
 And I think we've proven that we not only can take it out in a really constructive way because we're investing for the future, but we maintain that level going forward. We have growth opportunities in the top line, which will help the ratios. I mean, the commercial business is growing, excluding AIG Re, which the reason why I've excluded is that we're not trying to grow that business based on the CAT exposures today, but growing at 10%. We see opportunities to grow in the future when we look to the back half of this year. We have very strong retention. The new business that's been coming in is going to be more retained. It's the fifth quarter in a row where we produced more than $1 billion of new business, all very positive, all helpful to our ratios. And so we feel like we have a lot of momentum. 
Brian Meredith: Great. That's really helpful. And then one last question on the whole exposure loss trend. Everybody is talking about increasing exposure. What happens if we go into a recession? Can that actually hurt your ability to see -- accrete margin? 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I don't think so based on the makeup of the portfolio. But Mark, why don't we end where we started with you just to give a little bit of perspective and then you can turn it back to me. 
Mark Lyons;Executive Vice President, Global Chief Actuary and Head of Portfolio Management: Yes. Thank you, Peter. And Brian, good to hear from you. So to your question, remember, what Dave McElroy and his team are doing, Lexington is becoming an increasing proportion of the business. And on a non-admitted basis, you have a lot of interesting terms and conditions like minimum earned premiums. So even if that does fall off a bit, that doesn't necessarily translate on a downward movement. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Mark. Thanks a lot, Brian. Have a great day. And thanks, everybody, for joining us. Really appreciate the time, and have a great day. 
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's First Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Thanks very much, Jake. Good morning. Today's remarks may include forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. AIG's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, provide details on important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially. Except as required by the applicable securities laws, AIG is under no obligation to update any forward-looking statement if circumstances or management's estimates or opinion should change.  
 Additionally, today's remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at www.aig.com. 
 With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Peter Zaffino. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to review our first quarter financial results. I'm very pleased to report that AIG had an excellent start to 2022. We are successfully executing on several strategic, operational and financial priorities, and our team has significant momentum on many fronts, which we believe will continue throughout the year.  
 Following my remarks, Shane will provide more detail on our financial results, and then we will take questions. Mark Lyons, David McElroy and Kevin Hogan will join us for the Q&A portion of today's call.  
 Today, I will cover 4 topics. First, I will outline the tremendous progress we've made towards the separation of our Life and Retirement business, which will be renamed Corebridge Financial. Second, I will review the excellent first quarter performance of General Insurance, where we continue to drive top line growth, particularly in Global Commercial, and saw meaningful improvement in underwriting profitability. Third, I will cover Life and Retirement's financial performance. This business remains a meaningful contributor to our overall results. And fourth, I'll provide an update on our capital management strategy, particularly as to stock buybacks, which we plan to accelerate over the course of 2022, given our positive view of AIG's future over the near, medium and long term.  
 Before I turn to these topics, I'd like to discuss the situation in Russia and Ukraine. It goes without saying that what is happening is heartbreaking. Ukrainian people are experiencing unimaginable pain and suffering. And it's our hope that a peaceful resolution will be achieved.  
 With respect to the insurance industry, we've not seen a situation like this in modern times. It presents a unique set of circumstances that make any exposure or coverage analysis complex. Let me start by commenting on what we saw at AIG in the first quarter and what we did with a few claims that were submitted.  
 The claims we received were largely reported under political violence or political risk policies. While the amount of information included in the claims was limited, we did reserve our best estimate of ultimate losses, including IBNR. While we know it will take time for the full impact of the Russia-Ukraine situation to emerge, based on the work we did in the first quarter to analyze our exposures and review known claims, we do not believe the impact will be material to AIG. And in the event of losses, we have multiple reinsurance programs available.  
 With respect to the industry more broadly, there's not been much discussion so far in this earnings season regarding what the Russia-Ukraine situation means. So I thought I'd spend a few minutes on the complexity that it presents.  
 As a starting point, it's important to bear in mind that standard property and energy policies issued to the types of insureds most likely to have suffered losses due to the conflict typically contain broad exclusions for losses arising at a war and other hostile acts. In instances where affirmative coverage has been provided for losses that would typically fall within the scope of these exclusions, the most relevant coverages relate to policies such as political violence, political risk and trade credit, aviation and marine.  
 Now I'd like to spend a few minutes on aviation because it's the topic that has received the most attention over the last 30 to 45 days. Aviation is similarly complex and it will take time before all the relevant facts and resulting coverage implications fully emerge.  
 Let me start with what we know. We know that aviation policies can be issued to both airline operators and airline leasing companies and typically provide separate coverage for, on the one hand, losses caused by war perils, such as nationalization and confiscation; and on the other hand, losses caused by nonwar perils.  
 We also know that the invasion of Ukraine first occurred on February 24, and there were sanctions issued by the U.K. and the EU on February 26, which have since been updated. These sanctions generally required airline lessors to cancel leases with Russian airline operators and gave them a brief period in which to do so. Additionally, we know that there was an aircraft reregistration law passed in Russia on March 14, which permitted Russian airline operators to reregister aircraft leased from Western lessors on the Russian aircraft registry.  
 What we don't know is much more expansive. As an initial matter, we don't know whether or to what extent actual losses have occurred or when they occurred, given the uncertainty surrounding the location and condition of aircraft and other equipment as well as the timing of their potential return to lessors, nor do we know if efforts have been undertaken by lessors to mitigate any damages.  
 As to the question of losses caused by war perils versus nonwar perils, this is a critical question that will need to be answered as the outcome will determine which policy might apply and the amount of coverage that may be available.  
 With respect to war perils such as government confiscation, this type of loss would typically be included in a whole war policy, but it must be first be determined if there's an actual confiscation. Even where it is determined that a government confiscation took place, consideration will also have to be given to the timing of notices and the geographic scope of coverage. The answers to these questions will impact whether there is a covered loss and, if so, whether a given whole war policy response.  
 With respect to reinsurance, structures likely implicated in a war peril scenario include war, marine and energy and political violence, but it's also possible that other types of reinsurance contracts could be available for recoveries. If a loss is alleged to be due to a nonwar peril, it could be covered in an all-risk policy. As an initial matter, however, a determination would need to be made that a loss in fact has occurred and then, if it has, that is due to a nonwar peril.  
 Additionally, as with war perils, you would have to consider if reinsurance is available. The reinsurance that would be typically available in an all-risk scenario may be in different structures than in government confiscation or other war peril scenario.  
 As to all potentially covered perils, there are many issues requiring analysis, including the potential applicability of any sanctions. Assuming claim payments are made, insurers will also have to consider their recovery rights through salvage and subrogation and contribution from other available insurance. This is just a high-level summary of some of the issues the industry will grapple with, but I thought they were important to highlight, and you get the idea that it's a complex situation.  
 Now turning to the separation of Life and Retirement. We made significant progress to prepare this business to be a stand-alone public company. We continue to target an IPO in the second quarter, subject to market conditions and required regulatory approvals. We also continue to expect that we will retain a greater than 50% interest in this business post IPO. As you can appreciate, given where we are in the process, there are limitations on how much I can say about Life and Retirement, but let me give you some highlights of what we've accomplished since our last call. In March, we announced several important milestones: the public filing of the S-1; the new name for Life and Retirement which, as I mentioned, is Corebridge Financial; and the Independent Directors who currently serve on the Corebridge Board of Directors and those who will join and strengthen the Board as of the IPO.  
 At the same time, we launched a $6 billion Corebridge senior notes offering which was upsized to $6.5 billion based on significant demand. Shane will provide more detail on the maturities and coupons. We also made substantial progress on the operational separation of the Life and Retirement business from AIG, including identifying $200 million to $300 million of cost savings for this business, inclusive of $125 million in savings already in flight as part of our AIG 200 transformation program. And we continue to execute on establishing a hybrid investment management model that will allow Corebridge to benefit from strategic partnerships with world-class firms that offer excellent origination and investment capabilities and that complement our own capabilities in asset classes such as commercial mortgage loans, global real estate and private equity.  
 The first step in moving to this hybrid model was our strategic partnership with Blackstone, which we announced in 2021. In March of this year, we announced an arrangement with BlackRock, whereby BlackRock will manage up to $90 billion of Corebridge's liquid assets.  
 In addition, we developed a plan to modernize the mid- and back-office functionalities of the business and the transition to BlackRock's Aladdin technology platform with respect to Life and Retirement's entire investment portfolio. Aladdin enables us to replace aging and end-of-life technology infrastructure, provides risk analytics, establishes a single accounting book of record and a single investments book of record as well as reporting, stress testing and other services currently performed across multiple systems at AIG.  
 We expect that the cost for Corebridge to operate this hybrid model, taking into account both Blackstone and BlackRock, will be approximately the same as the fully loaded costs of our prior investment management operating model, where asset management was largely handled in-house.  
 Shifting to our first quarter financial results. As you saw in our press release, adjusted after-tax income was $1.30 per diluted share, representing an increase of 24% year-over-year. This result was driven by significant improvement in profitability in General Insurance, good results in Life and Retirement considering the current environment, continued expense discipline, savings from AIG 200 and strong execution of our capital management strategy.  
 In General Insurance, we reported an accident year combined ratio, excluding CAT, of 89.5%, a 290 basis point improvement year-over-year and the 15th consecutive quarter of improvement. We were especially pleased with the accident year combined ratio, excluding CAT and commercial, which was 86%, an improvement of 440 basis points year-over-year.  
 In Life and Retirement, first quarter results benefited from product diversity despite headwinds in the capital markets. Return on adjusted segment common equity was 10%. AIG ended the first quarter with $9.1 billion in parent liquidity after returning $1.7 billion to shareholders through $1.4 billion of common stock repurchases and $265 million of dividends.  
 Now let me provide more detail on our first quarter results in General Insurance, where we continue to drive improved financial performance, with core fundamentals being key contributors. Gross premiums written increased 10% on an FX-adjusted basis to $11.5 billion, with commercial growing 11% and personal growing 8%. Net premiums written increased 5% on an FX-adjusted basis to $6.5 billion. This growth was led by our commercial business, which grew 8% with personal contracting 1%. Growth in North America Commercial net premiums written was 6% and then International net premiums written growth was 10%, both on an FX-adjusted basis.  
 I'd like to unpack certain components of North America Commercial net premiums written as we had a very strong growth in our core business that may not be immediately obvious. While there are always movements each quarter in various aspects of our portfolio, both positive and negative, there were 3 items that impacted the first quarter that I'd like to provide more insight on. These items relate to assumed and ceded reinsurance and the timing of purchases, which is not something we have focused on previously but which I think is worth spending a few minutes on given the impact they had on North America Commercial net premiums written.  
 The first item relates to AIG Re, our assumed reinsurance business. Financial results for AIG Re are included in the financial results for North America Commercial and, in the first quarter, represented 40% of the segment's total net premiums written. For AIG Re, the first quarter is the largest quarter of the year with over 50% of its annual business written at 1/1. In the first quarter of 2022, AIG Re's net premiums written were flat year-over-year. This result was deliberate as we applied a disciplined approach to underwriting, and the market environment that persisted leading up to 1/1 led us to conclude that AIG Re could not achieve appropriate levels of risk-adjusted returns in property CAT, in particular, even with a comprehensive retrocessional program in place.  
 As a result, we reduced gross limits deployed in property CAT primarily in the U.S. by $500 million, which was the main reason for AIG Re's net premiums written being flat.  
 With respect to the second item, you may recall that in 2021, AIG Re made discrete retrocessional purchases throughout the year to further reduce frequency and volatility, whereas this year, retrocessional purchases were consolidated into the 1/1/2022 renewals as the retro market rebalanced. As a result of this decision, AIG Re ceded premiums were higher in the first quarter of 2022, which also reduced North America Commercial's net premiums written when compared to the first quarter 2021.  
 Third, a similar dynamic occurred with respect to our core property CAT reinsurance program for AIG. In 2021, we purchased reinsurance throughout the year to lower net retentions and reduce volatility, particularly with respect to North America property CAT. In 2022, however, those purchases were also consolidated into our core property CAT placement at 1/1.  
 We were able to consolidate these reinsurance purchases because our portfolio is much improved from last year with significantly reduced exposures. Like the actions we took in AIG Re, however, this reduced North America Commercial net premiums written in the first quarter.  To summarize, some of these headwinds in the first quarter of 2022 will largely reverse in the second quarter. 
 Now turning back to growth. In North America Commercial, we saw a very strong growth in net premiums written, particularly in Retail Property, which grew more than 20%; Crop Risk Services, which also grew more than 20%; Lexington wholesale, which grew more than 15% led by property, which grew more than 50%; and our Canadian commercial business, which grew more than 15%.  
 In International Commercial, we also saw very strong growth, including in property, which grew 50%; specialty, which grew 34% driven by energy and marine; and Financial Lines, which grew 14%. In Global Commercial, we also had very strong renewal retention of 86% in our in-force portfolio in both North America and International, with North America improving retention by 300 basis points and International retention holding constant year-over-year. We calculate renewal retention prior to the impact of rate and exposure changes.  
 And across commercial on a global basis, our new business was very strong, coming in north of $1 billion for the fourth consecutive quarter. New business growth in North America and in International were both up 13%. North America new business growth was led by Lexington and Retail Property. International Commercial new business growth was led by Financial Lines and global specialty.  
 Turning to rate. Strong momentum continued in Global Commercial, with overall rate increases of 9% or 10% if you exclude workers' compensation. And in the aggregate, rate continued to exceed loss cost trends. This continues to be a market in which we are achieving rate on rate in many cases for the fourth consecutive year and where we're successfully driving margin expansion above loss cost trends.  
 North America Commercial achieved 8% rate increases overall, 10% excluding workers' compensation, with some areas achieving double-digit increases led by Retail Property, which increased 14%; Lexington, which increased 13%; Financial Lines, which increased 12%, including more than 85% rate increases in cyber; and Canada, where rate increased 13%, representing the 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit rate increases in this region.  
 International Commercial rate increases were 10% overall driven by Financial Lines, which increased 21%, including more than 60% rate increases in cyber; property, which increased 14%; EMEA, which also increased 14%; and Asia Pac, which increased 10%.  
 Last quarter, we indicated that our severity trend view in the aggregate in North America Commercial range from 4% to 5% and that we were migrating towards the upper end of that range. We now believe the upper end is moving towards 5.5% mostly driven by shorter-tail lines. Our property rate changes, where we continue to achieve mid-teen increases, equal or exceed loss cost trends in our own data and in government-published inflationary indices. Our liability trend assumptions continue to be in the 7% to 9% range, with International indications continuing to be less than those in North America.  
 Turning to Personal Lines. In North America, personal net premiums written grew nearly 40%, albeit off a smaller base, driven by a rebound in Travel and A&H, which was offset by a reduction in Warranty and increased reinsurance cessions supporting Private Client Group. International Personal saw a 5% reduction in net premiums written on an FX-adjusted basis, due to a reduction in Warranty and personal auto in Japan offset by a rebound in A&H and Travel. Overall, Personal Lines is an area where we continue to invest where there are attractive opportunities for profitable growth.  
 Now let me review Life and Retirement's results. This business had a good quarter considering the headwinds created by the capital markets. These market dynamics were offset by continued strong alternative investment income and strong growth in premiums and deposits, which increased 13% year-over-year to $7.3 billion. Adjusted pretax income in the first quarter was $724 million, with return on attributed segment equity of 10%. Adjusted pretax income decreased in the period due to lower call and tender income and continued elevated COVID-19 mortality, which is still within our previously established guidance.  
 Blackstone's capabilities in the early days of our partnership resulted in Life and Retirement seeing one of its strongest fixed annuity sales quarters in over a decade, with premiums and deposits up nearly 150% year-over-year to $1.6 billion, while surrenders and death benefits both improved slightly. Post separation, we continue to expect that Life and Retirement, meaning Corebridge, will achieve a return on equity of 12% to 14%, and that it will pay an annual dividend of $600 million.  
 Overall, I'm pleased with the momentum in Life and Retirement and, in particular, the early success of our partnership with Blackstone that was evident in the first quarter results.  
 With respect to capital management, we had a very active first quarter, which ended with $9.1 billion in parent liquidity. As a result of the actions I outlined earlier in my remarks, AIG received $6.5 billion of the $8.3 billion promissory note issued to AIG from Corebridge, and those funds were used to repay outstanding AIG debt, resulting in AIG's interest expense being reduced by 23% year-over-year.  In addition, AIG will receive the remaining $1.9 billion under the Corebridge promissory note during the second quarter.  
 Our capital management strategy will continue to be both balanced and disciplined as we maintain appropriate levels of debt while returning capital to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends while also allowing for investment in growth opportunities across our global portfolio. This will also be true over time as we continue to sell down our stake in Life and Retirement.  
 With respect to share buybacks, as I mentioned earlier, we repurchased $1.4 billion of common stock in the first quarter and are on track to buy back at least $1 billion more in the second quarter. This will leave us with approximately $1.5 billion remaining under our prior Board authorization. And as you saw in our press release, the AIG Board of Directors recently authorized an additional $5 billion in share repurchases.  
 With respect to growth opportunities, our priorities continue to be focused on allocating capital in General Insurance, where we see opportunities for profitable organic growth and further improvement in our risk-adjusted returns. As we move through 2022 and are further along with the separation of Life and Retirement, we will provide updates regarding our capital management strategy.  
 Before I turn the call over to Shane, I want to emphasize how pleased I am with how we started the year across AIG and how we are continuing to execute on multiple complex strategic priorities with high-quality results that are positioning AIG as a top-performing company. Our teams have overperformed across the board, and our deep bench continues to provide us with opportunities to leverage skill sets and further develop talent across the organization. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Shane. 
Shane Fitzsimons: Thank you, Peter, and good morning to all. I am very pleased to be AIG's CFO, and I look forward to working with everyone moving forward. I will provide more detail on our first quarter financial results and unpack a number of our key performance metrics, specifically EPS, liquidity, leverage, net investment income and ROCE. 
 I will begin by going through the financial results of the businesses in the quarter. I will then touch upon the balance sheet, leverage and liquidity, which benefited from excellent execution on a number of capital transactions. I will then supplement Peter's remarks on the separation of Corebridge, including the arrangement we announced with BlackRock and liability management actions we recently completed. I will then spend some time on investment income and will provide insight on the impact of rising interest rates. And finally, I will talk about the execution path towards our long-term 10% ROCE goal for AIG, including income drivers, AIG 200 and other areas of corporate GOE reduction. 
 As Peter mentioned, adjusted EPS attributable to AIG common shareholders grew 24% year-over-year to $1.30 per diluted common share compared to $1.05 per diluted common share in 1 quarter '21. Compared to the first quarter '21, improvements in General Insurance contributed $0.33 year-over-year, reduction in share count contributed $0.07 and lower interest expense contributed $0.04, offset by Life and Retirement being $0.19 unfavorable primarily due to $0.20 unfavorable due to lower net investment income. 
 General Insurance's adjusted pretax income contribution in the quarter was $1.2 billion, which reflects strong underwriting profit, growth in Global Commercial and continued improvement in both the GAAP combined ratio up 590 basis points to 92.9% and the accident year combined ratio ex CAT improving 290 basis points to 89.5%. The combined ratio improvement was due to improved underwriting, premium growth, expense discipline and lower CATs, which all contributed to pretax underwriting income being 6x higher than the first quarter of 2021, increasing to $446 million from $73 million. With net investment income down $7 million year-over-year, the $366 million improvement in adjusted pretax income was driven by underwriting income, of which $223 million was from improved accident year underwriting income, $146 million due to lower CAT and $4 million from improved net PYD. 
 North America Commercial has shown a 580 basis points improvement in the accident year combined ratio ex CAT over the prior year quarter, coming in at 88.1%. International Commercial also continued to improve profitability with 330 basis points improvement in the accident year combined ratio ex CAT this quarter, coming in at 83.5% for the first quarter. 
 Personal Insurance GAAP combined ratio of 97.2% improved by 160 basis points year-over-year. In the first quarter, CAT losses were $274 million or 4.5 loss ratio points compared to $422 million or 7.3 loss ratio points in the prior year quarter. The most significant loss events in the quarter came from flooding in Australia and a Japanese earthquake. The ongoing events with Russia and Ukraine, which Peter discussed, contributed approximately $85 million of the estimated loss. 
 Prior year development, excluding related premium adjustments, was $93 million favorable this quarter compared to favorable development of $56 million in the prior year quarter. This quarter, the ADC amortization provided $42 million of favorable development, and the balance of $51 million favorable arose from old accident years in U.S. workers' compensation along with short-tail lines in North America and in Japan Personal Lines. 
 Life and Retirement adjusted pretax income of $724 million compared to $941 million in 1Q '21, a reduction of $217 million mostly attributable to lower net investment income, which was $2.1 billion in the quarter compared to $2.4 billion in the prior year quarter, a decrease of $224 million, reflecting lower call and tender activity from rising interest rates; the absence of the affordable housing portfolio, which was sold in fourth quarter '21 as well as reduced fee income; and an increase in deferred acquisition cost and statement of position reserves due to lower separate account asset values. 
 Within Individual Retirement, excluding the Retail Mutual Fund business, which was sold, net flows were positive $874 million this quarter compared to positive net flows of $50 million in the prior year quarter, benefiting from higher fixed annuity sales aided by origination activity through the Blackstone partnership. 
 Group Retirement grew deposits by 3.9% in the quarter, driven by higher group acquisition and individual deposits driving a slight uptick in fee and advisory income due to higher assets under administration. Life Insurance adjusted pretax income was a loss of $44 million due to continued elevated COVID mortality, while premium and deposits grew 3.4% to $1.2 billion, benefiting from growth of international life sales. Institutional Markets grew premiums and deposits as well as reserves due to increased pension risk transfer activity in the period. 
 Turning to Other Operations, which includes interest expense, corporate general operating expenses, institutional asset management expense, runoff portfolios and eliminations and was a positive contributor to adjusted pretax income year-over-year by $109 million. These results benefited from lower interest expense of $51 million as we reduced our general borrowings through the course of 2021 by $4 billion and lower eliminations of $43 million. Corporate general operating expenses, excluding increased functional costs to set up Corebridge as a stand-alone public company of $6 million, were largely flat year-over-year. 
 Moving on to the balance sheet, leverage and liquidity. Our financial flexibility remains strong. We closed the quarter with $9.1 billion of parent liquidity. We saw a large AOCI movement as a result of increase in interest rates. Adjusted AOCI, which excludes the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude, moved from $3.9 billion positive to a $5.9 billion negative, or a reduction of $9.8 billion. Although this mark-to-market impact is a drag on capital, as long as we hold the assets to maturity, we will not realize this unrealized loss. 
 Operating interest rate movements impact our metrics primarily in 2 places: one, we end up with a gain on the Fortitude Re embedded derivative, which impacted GAAP EPS by $3.21 in the quarter; and second, it impacts our GAAP leverage by a little over 300 basis points. And with interest rates up another 55 basis points in April, we expect to see further movement in Q2. 
 We exited the quarter at a GAAP leverage of 27.8%, up from 24.6%, the increase of which is attributable to the AOCI movement. The impact is larger in Life and Retirement than General Insurance given the duration of their respective asset portfolios. 
 Total adjusted return on common equity was 7.6%, up from 7.4% in the first quarter '21, and total company adjusted tangible return on common equity was 8.3%. General Insurance's adjusted attributable return on common equity was 12.3% in the first quarter, while Life and Retirement was 10%. Adjusted book value per share of $70.72 increased 2.7% sequentially and 20.5% year-over-year. Adjusted tangible book value per share of $64.65 increased 2.9% sequentially and 22.3% year-over-year. 
 Our primary operating subsidiaries remain profitable and well capitalized, with General Insurance's U.S. pool fleet risk-based capital ratio for the first quarter estimated to be between 470% and 480%, and  the Life and Retirement U.S. fleet is estimated to be between 430% and 440%, both well above our target ranges. 
 Finally, on EPS during the quarter. We repurchased 23 million shares at an average cost of $60.02 for $1.4 billion, bringing our ending share count to 800 million with a quarterly average of 826 million compared to 876 million in the prior year quarter, representing a 6% reduction in average share count, which contributed $0.07 of EPS growth in the quarter. 
 Turning to Corebridge. Since the start of the year, we continue to make progress on numerous fronts with respect to the separation. As Peter mentioned, at the end of the first quarter, Corebridge entered into a strategic partnership with BlackRock to manage up to $90 billion of liquid assets. At the same time, AIG also entered into a separate arrangement with BlackRock, whereby BlackRock will manage liquid assets for AIG representing up to $60 billion. Having now signed IMAs, we expect to begin transferring assets to BlackRock over the course of the second quarter. 
 In early April, Corebridge successfully raised $6.5 billion of senior notes which, along with the remaining $2.5 billion of delayed draw term loan facility and commitments for the $2.5 billion of revolving credit facility, this establishes the capital structure for Corebridge Financial. AIG proactively hedged treasury rates earlier in the year, and upon unwinding the hedge at quarter end, AIG realized a $223 million gain, which equates to approximately 50 basis points in yield on the notes issued. While the debt issuance closed early in Q2, the $223 million gain was realized as a gain in the first quarter. 
 The senior notes offering, excluding the hedge, was well structured and laddered with a 3.91% weighted average coupon rate. Corebridge used the proceeds from that offering to repay $6.4 billion of the $8.3 billion promissory note payable to AIG. Following the success of Corebridge's senior notes issuance, AIG initiated a debt tender offer. Taking advantage of strong demand, the tender offer was upsized, and AIG parent debt was ultimately reduced by $6.8 billion. An additional EUR 750 million will be redeemed on May 10, bringing the total expected AIG parent debt reduction to $7.6 billion. The average coupon on the debt that we retired was 3.82%, and the annualized interest expense savings is approximately $290 million. 
 We continue to target debt leverage in the high 20s, excluding AOCI for Corebridge; and in the low 20s, including AOCI for AIG going forward. Given the significant progress we have made and with $1.9 billion of proceeds from the $8.3 billion note yet to be received, we have the necessary cash to finalize our planned debt actions without utilizing any of the proceeds from the IPO. With these actions completed, we remain on track for an IPO in the second quarter subject to market conditions and regulatory approval. 
 Net investment income on an adjusted pretax income basis for the quarter was $3 billion. Total cash and investments were $305 billion, excluding Fortitude. Net investment income in the first quarter decreased $193 million compared to prior year, primarily reflecting lower call and tender income. 
 The first quarter saw significant increases in benchmark treasury yields, with an 80 basis point increase on the 10-year. With General Insurance and Life and Retirement's portfolio durations of 4 and 8.4 years, respectively, the overall rising interest rate environment will provide a tailwind to our investment portfolio returns. 
 In April, our portfolio crossed the equilibrium point, where new money yield is now 50 basis points higher on average than the yield on the assets rolling off the portfolio. The new money yield is higher by 20 basis points in General Insurance versus assets rolling off and 70 basis points in Life and Retirement versus the yield on sales and maturities currently. 
 Moving forward, the new money yield is roughly 60 basis points higher than the current portfolio in General Insurance and roughly 90 basis points higher in Life and Retirement. To illustrate the point, holding all other variables constant and assuming 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve, we would anticipate approximately $500 million of benefit to adjusted net investment income over a 1-year period with nearly $200 million in General Insurance and $300 million in Life and Retirement. 
 Within General Insurance, we have $11 billion of floating rate securities, which will begin to see some benefits in the near term, most of which are not tied to longer-dated liabilities. Life and Retirement is $25 billion of floating rate assets, but most of this portfolio is tied to floating rate liabilities that will offset the benefits. 
 Turning to investments that have Russian exposure. At December 31, AIG held $359 million of sovereign and other foreign debt of the Russian Federation, of which $79 million were within Fortitude. Through proactive sell-downs of $129 million, which generated a loss of $41 million as well as the establishment of a credit allowance of $127 million, the market value of these securities at the end of the first quarter was $86 million, of which $18 million is held by Fortitude. 
 Looking ahead, we have 3 priorities beyond continued progress on underwriting optimization and completing AIG 200. They are the successful separation of the Life and Retirement business, continued execution on our capital management priorities and ROCE improvement towards 10%. Post deconsolidation of Corebridge, we expect that AIG will earn a 10% ROCE, although there are many moving pieces that will get to this result, including the size and timing of the Corebridge IPO, additional capital management actions and continued progress on reducing expenses. 
 As we've improved expense ratios in General Insurance, one of the key drags on ROCE is corporate expenses, which we have been reducing through AIG 200 and work on the separation, but there remains more work to be done. As Peter noted, with respect to AIG 200, we continue to achieve significant milestones and, in the first quarter, reached $890 million of exit run rate savings with $590 million of that realized to date. We currently expect to have full line of sight into the $1 billion of exit run rate savings either contracted or identified by the end of the second quarter, 6 months earlier than originally planned. 
 Of the $1 billion of parent expenses, we expect that approximately $300 million will move to Corebridge upon deconsolidation. We will continue to provide updates over time, but the components to get to a 10% ROCE, our continued growth in underwriting profit; improved net investment income as we benefit from higher interest rates; continued execution on expense management, particularly at parent; and optimizing capital allocation in terms of leverage and returns to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks and dividends whilst making sure that we continue to grow the company. 
 Peter, I will now hand it back to you. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Thank you, Shane. Operator, we're ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will begin with Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the capital return that you guys laid out. So you guys have just over $9 billion at the holdco. Peter, I think you said a minimum buyback of $1 billion for the second quarter. But just given that you have above $9 billion at the holdco with additional capital coming later this year, I would think that there's some flexibility to perhaps go above that $1 billion. So can you just kind of walk us through a little bit more how you're thinking about uses of capital for growth relative to buyback at least in the short term? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Yes. Thanks, Elyse, for the question. Yes, we said we would do a minimum of $1 billion of share repurchases in the second quarter. I think Shane and I tried to do as much detail as we could in our prepared remarks in aligning what our priorities are for capital management. And certainly, the Board's authorization for an additional $5 billion says that we will continue to return capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. 
 We think the positioning of the business, I mean, I think you see in the results, we see great opportunities for top line growth. We see it across the world. We see it in the commercial businesses, but also what you would have seen in some of the international that's probably [ amasses ] that. Accident & Health has started to rebound over the last 3 quarters, and we're starting to see top line growth there. So we want to make sure that we are allocating the appropriate capital for growth in driving margin and making the company look at its opportunities on risk-adjusted returns and make sure that we're capitalizing on the market and our discipline. 
 I think really, when we get to the actual IPO and Corebridge as a public company, we'll be able to outline the capital management strategy in more detail. But we wanted to provide as much guidance as we could based on what we know today, and we would expect to continue to make the progress that we've demonstrated in the earnings call today. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my follow-up, you guys pointed out that you raised some of your severity assumptions within General Insurance on the short-tail side. When you guys set out that target for the accident year combined ratio of sub-90 for this year, was that contemplated? And then should -- how about the cadence, can you give us a sense? Should we think about sequential improvement from the Q1 level as we move through the year? Or is there some seasonality that we should be considering within General Insurance? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Let me take the first part, and then I'll ask Mark to comment on the loss cost observations. We've seen -- when you think about the quality in the results that we produced this quarter, when we look at our business, what do we look at? We look at client retention, which continues to improve. We look at new business, so we're acquiring a lot of new clients across the world. And so that continues to progress and think that there's a lot of momentum there. We look at rate above loss cost trends. And so that was favorable, and we continue to get rate in areas where we believe it is required in terms of its risk-adjusted returns and, again, with our leadership in terms of deploying capital. 
 Are all the inflation factors considered in the sub-90? Well, no. We obviously are adjusting them, but the outperformance that we have been driving wasn't contemplated either. I mean like we're making more progress on the business at a faster pace and think that we will continue to show that we can grow the business top line and generate the risk-adjusted returns and improvement in combined ratios. Mark, do you want to comment on the loss cost? 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Yes. Thank you, Peter. So I think Peter answered it very well. But what I'll do is just reemphasize that, yes, I mean the context of your question, we gave that original guidance before there was any spike of inflation. But like I think any good company, you don't forecast just a point estimate. You're forecasting a range, and those ranges vary by line of business, and they all meld together. And even with the changing inflation assumptions, we'd still be inside that range. So we're comfortable with that. 
Operator: We'll go to Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: I think this might also be a question for Mark [ as to tax query ]. We're clearly seeing a little bit less core loss ratio improvement than the simple mathematical application of earned rate increases and loss trend. And I was hoping you could talk about how that's manifesting itself in prior year reserve reviews. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Yes. Mark, please take that. I mean I think it's also important to give some context of the portfolio shift as well, Mark, when we look at loss ratios? 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Yes, happy to. And thank you, Meyer, for the question. So I think on that side, first, on the reserve side, when you look at our view of inflation and severity trends and so forth, you really got to separate short-tailed lines from longer-tailed lines, right? And like in our view, the evidence within our own information as well as looking at external indices, whether it's from the perspective of the purchaser or the seller, it's clearer with -- in property-oriented lines. 
 And it's probably worth noting, back to Peter's comment on mix, is that less than 10% of our pre-ADC reserves are property. So it can't move the needle too much anyway. So I don't really view that as an issue. 
 And in terms of nonproperty, we've gone through looking at various basis point scenarios of lift and for various durations associated with it. And we still feel that all of that is pretty contained. And don't forget, especially on longer-tailed lines, there's still a high proportion of total reserves subject to the ADC on recoverables as well. 
 So in terms of the -- your first part of your question with regard to the arithmetic versus what's there, I think we've addressed this before, Meyer, but I'm happy to give some comments again. which is the book has changed so dramatically from policy year '18, '19, '20 '21 and its accident year conversions that you need a margin of safety associated with it because nobody backs a thousand on these things. But there's been a radical change in the quality of the risk, the distribution strategy that Dave McElroy and his team have instituted getting much better risk portfolio churn purposely done to improve it, all the limit changes that Peter has talked about over time. And as a result, the arithmetic just doesn't pan out, let alone the change in mix that has been purposeful, let alone the change in net mix. So all of those changes simultaneously require, in our view, a reasonable range of margin of safety, and that's what you're seeing. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's very helpful. A quick follow-up, if I can. I know there are a lot of moving parts, but is there any way of quantifying the impact of the reinsurance purchasing timing on the expense ratio in the quarter? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Thanks, Meyer. I'll take that. As I said, it's going to be a headwind in the first quarter will be a tailwind in the second quarter. Once we -- there's a couple of moving pieces. We can't really provide the exact numbers, but you can look at like in the second quarter where we purchased down on the North America Commercial CAT to lower retentions as well as in AIG Re, where we reduced volatility by buying single shop per occurrence retrocessional at the second quarter, and both recovered by the way, last year. So we felt that reducing the net retentions was appropriate and carrying that forward into how we were going to structure the 1/1 treaty for AIG as well as the retrocessional covers for AIG Re. 
 So we have lower nets than we would have at this time last year. It's not uncommon to purchase sometimes midterm if there's available capacity and you're still trying to evolve a program, but we felt very good about the consolidation of those programs at 1/1 and really like the reinsurance that we have in both instances. 
Operator: And now we'll hear from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. 
Ryan Tunis: A couple of questions, just following up from the first 2 question askers. First one, we saw about 3.5 points of sequential loss ratio improvement this quarter in Commercial Lines in general. I noticed that, last year, we also saw like the biggest sequential move in the first quarter. So I'm curious if there's something about 1Q, if it's setting a loss pick assumption or something like that, that's leading to that level of sequential jump that's outsized. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Yes. Let me start. Thanks very much for the question. We have -- there's -- Mark touched on a little bit, and I'll ask if he has any additional comments after I make a few observations on the mix of business. But what we have in the first quarter, obviously, is a big AIG Re, which when you look at if you're changing the composition of the portfolio from reducing CAT to doing more proportional, you're going to have lower loss ratios, higher acquisition costs. And so that will have a sometimes impact in terms of how it earns into the first quarter. 
 We also had, in terms of the overall General Insurance business, the mix changes because, on the one hand, we wanted to make sure that we were patient with A&H, which is a great business for us and Travel in terms of its rebound after COVID but not really reducing the overall overhead. But it does have an impact in terms of the mix and acquisition expense and loss ratio. 
 The other thing you have to consider where we started, I mean, the incredible improvement that we've had in the portfolio has been disciplined. We've always talked about underwriting from a risk selection standpoint, terms and conditions, attachment, reducing volatility with supplementing reinsurance and then, of course, price above loss cost. And I think when you do that sequentially and maintain the same level of discipline, we start to see the outcome produced like we had in the first quarter. Mark, anything you want to add to that? 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Yes. Thank you, Peter. Yes, I think your point about mix is right on point. And remember, there's 2 mixes. You've got the mix on the front end and then you got the mix changes that manifest by the reinsurance purchases and how they earn in over time. So you got both of those factors. 
 I think, secondly, there's also the realization that, over time, the property and shorter-tailed businesses over the last couple of years are a -- you got to watch the mix of that over time. And therefore, with the mix of medium- and longer-term lines that have volatility associated with them that you got to watch kidding yourself that the quarter-by-quarter is super predictable. If you get the accident year right, I'm happy. Accident quarter by accident quarter is a little bit more of an academic exercise. So I think that may be some of what you're seeing. 
Ryan Tunis: Got it. My follow-up just on the acquisition cost ratio. When you think about the reinsurance purchasing, the ceding commissions, the change in the mix, can you guys make a directional assessment at this point about should the acquisition cost in General Insurance, should that ratio be higher or lower in 2022 over 2021? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: It's hard to predict. I think your first part of the question is do ceding commissions as they start an earn-in benefit, the overall expense ratio. The answer is yes. It wasn't always the case when we were starting the turnaround and -- but today, we have market terms or better on ceding commissions, and that starts to earn in. 
 But I hate to go back to Travel and Accident & Health. I mean those really dipped during the pandemic. And the U.S. rebounded first. International is starting to rebound. And those businesses just by its nature of how they're set up have lower loss ratios and higher acquisition expenses. So it's hard to predict. I mean what's the recovery look like, what's our growth look like, what's the mix of business look like? So it's really hard, Ryan, to give a forecast in terms of what the impact is. 
 What we will focus on all the time is improvement in accident combined ratio. So we're not going to be shifting from one category of loss ratio in [ DAC ] or back. I mean we're going to make sure we're focused on the portfolio optimization and mix of business to improve the overall results. 
Operator: And now we'll hear from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. 
Taylor Scott: First question I had is just on the Life and Retirement side. When I look at the 10% ROE, it held up well in a tough environment. But that said, I think the skeptic would kind of point to the alternative returns and how strong they were and whether that can continue. But at the same time, there were probably some other things in there. I think probably DAC true-ups and things like that related to the markets would have hurt you. 
 Without maybe the details, it's a little hard from the outside to tell sort of what the ROE is running at on a run rate basis at the moment relative to that 12% to 14% that you all have highlighted. So could you talk about that a little bit and how we should think about sort of the level of ROE that you think you can earn right now? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Thanks, Alex. I mean as you can appreciate, preparing for the IPO of Life and Retirement, we do have constraints in terms of how much detail we can go into. I think if you look at the S-1 in terms of how we believe we can drive a 12% to 14% ROE over the long term is something we're very confident about. And if you look at the historical performance of Life and Retirement in terms of its ROE and attributed capital, they've done very well. I mean, Kevin, keeping in mind, we've got to be very careful. Do you want to provide maybe 1 or 2 items of your observations on the quarter? 
Kevin Hogan: Yes. Thank you, Peter, and thanks, Alex. It really is about the combination of the lower equity markets, which do impact the DAC and SI due to the lower present value of the fee income. That's kind of a one-off item. It's not expected to be continuing. And then, of course, we have the increased SOP reserves, and these are things that will be much less of an impact under LDTI. So it's really the onetime impact of that. 
 And then in terms of interest rates, right, with the increased rates, that does very much affect call tender income on a real basis, CML prepays and, with the direction of the markets, the fair value options. And I think we've provided that detail both in the deck for today on Page 11 and also in the fin sup. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Alex, is there another question? 
Taylor Scott: Yes. Maybe as a follow-up, just going back to the ROE improvement over time. some of those items certainly will take some time. And I don't know if you want to put a specific time frame around it. But I guess the piece of it that's related to corporate cost reductions, I mean for that piece specifically, over what time period do you think you'd be able to sort of take out, call it, stranded costs associated with the separation? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: We provided a lot of detail in Shane's prepared remarks. And so I don't think it's really worth going back and going through point by point. But the most important thing for us at this stage is to sequence really the strategic initiatives we have in front of us, the most important being right now, the Corebridge IPO. So like that's a big project in itself and making sure that Corebridge is set up to be a separate stand-alone public company and getting the IPO away. 
 Also making sure that all of the things that are done at AIG today that need to be transferred over or worked with Corebridge is the next highest priority. And we have a -- our parent expenses, you have to think of it as parent and what is General Insurance today coming together as one company. And coming together as one company, we want to be very thoughtful about the business we're in, in the future, what is a target operating model and how do we sequence that in a manner that we are not creating any risk with all the things that we have going on strategically and that we get to the right outcome in the end. 
 And I think our track record has demonstrated, whether it's the underwriting turnaround, AIG 200, what we're doing in terms of Corebridge. You should be highly confident we'll do it at a pace that is certainly front of mind but, at the same time, making sure that we have all the very important pieces of what we're doing in the separation done very well. And so like that's kind of the time frame. But it's really not going to be what month, what quarter, it's going to be how do we execute things and then sequence the next priority, which will be how we bring parent and General Insurance together. 
 If I may, let me just -- I just want to thank everybody for our clients, our distribution partners and our colleagues have been tremendous in terms of the work that they've done and the contribution that they've driven to get to these results. So everybody, have a great day. Thank you for your time. 
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-17 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Fourth Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Thank you very much, Katie. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements, including comments relating to company performance, strategic priorities, including AIG's pursuit of a separation of its Life and Retirement business, business mix and market conditions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. Actual performance and events may differ materially. Factors that could cause results to differ include the factors described in our third quarter 2021 report on Form 10-Q and our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and other recent filings made with the SEC. AIG is under -- is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 Additionally, some remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at www.aig.com.
 With that, I would now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO of AIG, Peter Zaffino. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Following my prepared remarks, Mark will provide more detail on our financial results and other relevant updates to close out 2021. Shane Fitzsimons, who became AIG's CFO on January 1, will be available for Q&A, along with David McElroy and Kevin Hogan.
 Today, I will cover 4 topics: First, an overview of General Insurance's fourth quarter and full year performance, where we continue to drive meaningful underwriting profitability improvement. I will also briefly touch on the 1/1 reinsurance renewal season. Second, I will review results from our Life and Retirement business, which continues to be a meaningful contributor to our overall results. Third, I will provide an update on our progress towards an IPO of Life and Retirement and operational separation of the business from AIG. And fourth, I will review our current plans regarding capital management.
 Before turning to those topics, I want to take a few minutes to highlight some noteworthy achievements in 2021, which were significant for AIG. 2021 was a pivotal year and one in which our team executed on several strategic priorities. As you saw in our earnings release, adjusted after-tax income in 2021 was $5.12 per diluted share, representing a substantial increase of more than 100% year-over-year. We produced strong liquidity throughout 2021, which provided flexibility and allowed us to return $3.7 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We also repurchased $4 billion of debt, which reduced our debt leverage by 380 basis points to 24.6%. Notwithstanding these actions, we ended 2021 with $10.7 billion in parent liquidity.
 As I said on prior calls, the path we've taken to improve AIG and our portfolio in General Insurance, in particular, with a significant undertaking. In General Insurance, given the portfolio we started with in 2018, we needed to make fundamental changes. We quickly overhauled our underwriting standards and developed a culture of underwriting excellence, including significantly reducing gross limits.
 To give you a sense for the magnitude of what we needed to do, we reduced gross limits by over $1 trillion in our Property, Specialty and Casualty businesses. In addition, we took a conservative approach to volatility by reducing net limits and exposure through strategic implementation of reinsurance. As a result of this strategy, since 2018 and through 2021, we've been able to grow net premiums written in Commercial by over $3 billion, while ceding an additional $2 billion of reinsurance premium to further reduce volatility and protect the balance sheet. At the same time, we improved the combined ratio, excluding CATs, by 1,000 basis points. Simply put, today, we have a different portfolio with a markedly different risk profile, which we believe is significantly stronger by all measures.
 Turning to Life Retirement. We again had solid and consistent results throughout 2021, benefiting from product diversity within the business. Return on adjusted segment common equity was 14.2% for the full year. Throughout 2021, we also made tremendous progress on the separation of Life Retirement from AIG. We're executing on multiple work streams to operationally separate the business, and we closed on the sale of 9.9% equity stake and transferred $50 billion of assets under management to Blackstone.
 Additionally, we achieved significant milestones at AIG 200 and remain on track to deliver $1 billion in run rate savings by the end of 2022 against the spend of $1.3 billion. I could not be prouder of what the team has accomplished. While we still have plenty of work ahead of us, it would be remiss of me not to recognize these accomplishments and the significant momentum we have heading into 2022.
 Now let me turn to our business results in General Insurance for the fourth quarter of 2021. Mark is going to go into more detail, but we had a terrific quarter to close out the year. In the fourth quarter, General Insurance net premiums written increased 8% overall on an FX-adjusted basis with another strong quarter of 13% growth in Commercial, which was tempered somewhat by a slight contraction in Personal with a 1% reduction in net premiums written. The growth in Commercial lines was balanced with 11% in North America and 16% in International.
 Personal Lines' net premium growth contracted by 1% in the quarter due to a 5% reduction in International, driven by our repositioning of the Personal Property portfolio in Japan, offset by 17% growth in North America, which largely reflects less year-over-year ceded reinsurance.
 Looking at fourth quarter profitability. I'm very pleased with the accident year combined ratio ex CATs, which improved 310 basis points year-over-year to 89.8%, the first sub-90% quarterly result since the financial crisis. This improvement was driven by Commercial, which achieved an accident year combined ratio ex CATs of 87.9%, a 380 basis point improvement year-over-year and the third consecutive quarter below 90%. Personal reported 130 basis points of improvement in the accident year combined ratio ex CATs to 94.3%.
 Pivoting to the full year 2021. We made enormous progress in improving the quality of the underwriting portfolio and driving growth throughout the year. Net premiums written grew 11% on an FX-adjusted basis, driven by Global Commercial growth of 16%. Growth in Commercial was particularly strong in both North America at 18% and International at 13%. We had very strong retention in our in-force portfolio with North America improving by 300 basis points and International improving by 500 basis points for the full year. Gross new business in Global Commercial grew 27% year-over-year to over $4 billion with 24% growth in International and 30% in North America.
 Turning to rate. Overall, Global Commercial saw increases of 13%, and strong momentum continued in many lines. In Global Personal, we had some growth challenges in this segment, but Accident & Health performed very well, and overall, we had a solid year with net premiums written up 1% on an FX-adjusted basis. These results also reflect less reinsurance cessions in our high net worth business and some growth in Warranty.
 Turning to underwriting profitability for full year 2021. General Insurance's accident year combined ratio ex CATs was 91%, an improvement of 310 basis points year-over-year. The full year saw 140 basis point improvement in the accident year loss ratio ex CATs and 170 basis point improvement in the expense ratio, split evenly between the GOE ratio and the acquisition ratio. These positive results were driven by our improved portfolio mix, net earned premium growth, achieving rate in excess of loss cost trends, continued expense discipline and the benefits we are receiving from AIG 200.
 Global Commercial achieved an impressive accident year combined ratio ex CATs of 89.1%, an improvement of 410 basis points year-over-year. The accident year combined ratio ex CATs for North America Commercial and International Commercial were 91% and 86.7%, which reflected improvements of 450 basis points and 340 basis points, respectively.
 In Global Personal, the accident year combined ratio ex CATs was 94.9%, an improvement of 120 basis points year-over-year, driven by improvement in the expense ratio. These notable combined ratio improvements across General Insurance reflected improved higher-quality Global portfolio, driven by the strategic underwriting actions and strong execution, which have enabled us to shift our focus towards accelerating profitable growth in areas of the market where we see attractive opportunities. We are very pleased with these materially improved results, which provide tangible evidence of our successful underwriting strategy and the significant progress we have made.
 Turning to January 1 renewals with respect to our ceded reinsurance. We were very pleased with the outcome of our reinsurance placements. While the markets presented significant challenges across the industry with retrocessional limited along with other capacity issues, our reinsurance partners recognize the strength of our improved underwriting portfolio and reduced aggregation exposure, which translated to many improvements in our reinsurance structures along with better terms and conditions. It's important to keep in mind that we placed over 35 treaties at 1/1 with over 65 discrete layers and over $12 billion of limit placed and we cede over $3 billion of premium in the market.
 As you can imagine, we're not an index of market pricing because of the significant improvement in the portfolio along with the size and complexity of our placements. We continue to maintain very strong relationships with our reinsurance partners, and the support we receive in the marketplace is evident in the quality of the overall reinsurance program. We continue to make meaningful improvements to our core placements in every major treaty on January 1, and as a result, continue to reduce volatility in our portfolio.
 While there's too much detail to cover on this call, I want to provide a few key highlights on our placements. For our Property CAT treaty, we improved the per occurrence structure and improved our aggregate structure for our Global Commercial businesses. For the North America per occurrence Property CAT treaty, we lowered our attachment point to $250 million for all perils, which is a reduction from our core 2021 program that had staggered attachment points depending on peril, that range from $200 million to $500 million. And we maintained our per occurrence attachment points in International, which are $200 million for Japan and $100 million for the rest of the world.
 For our Global shared limit aggregate cover, we were able to reduce our attachment point in every region across the world, most notably, $100 million reduction in the attachment point in North America. Our Global shared limit, each and every deductible remain the same or reduced in every global region, most notably $25 million reduction in North America-named storms.
 Our attachment point return periods are the same or lower in every region across the world when compared to our 2021 core reinsurance program, and our exhaustion period returns are higher in every instance across the world on an OEP and AEP basis. And we achieved these significant improvements while modestly reducing the total aggregate reinsurance CAT spend.
 On our core Casualty treaty, we reduced our net limits on our excess to loss treaty in both North America and International. On our proportional core North America placement, we maintained the same session amount while improving our ceding commission by 400 basis points, which represents an 800 basis point improvement over the last 24 months, reflecting our significantly improved underwriting and recognition from the reinsurance market. Lastly, we renewed our cyber structure at 1/1 with additional quota share cede increasing from 60% to 70% and the aggregate placement attaching at 85% versus a 90% loss ratio.
 Given the tight terms and conditions and discipline in our portfolio along with significant rate increase we achieved during the year, we were able to secure more quota share authorization, which is a great example of the reinsurance market's flight to quality.
 As we discussed on last earnings call, we've spent considerable time through AIG research and our Chief Underwriting Office analyzing the impact of climate change and the increased frequency and severity of natural catastrophes. A few observations about 2021.
 It was the sixth warmest year on record since NOAA began tracking global temperatures in 1880. Hurricane Ida estimated at $36 billion of insured loss was the third largest hurricane on record. In North America, $17 billion of winter weather losses was the largest on record for this peril. And $13 billion of insured loss for European flooding was the costliest disaster on record for the continent.
 While we've been working over the past few years to reposition our portfolio to limit exposure and dampen volatility, changing weather patterns and increased density of risk in peak zones have caused stress on aggregation and have hampered the ability of property underwriters to make appropriate risk-adjusted returns on capital deployed. These changes have caused us to look deeper into the exposures we are underwriting in several lines of business.
 An example of a business that needs further attention and strategic repositioning is our high net worth property portfolio within our Personal Insurance segment. By the nature of the business, it's exposed to peak zones and is susceptible to increased frequency and severity. This reality together with secondary perils that have become primary perils in the underwriting and modeling process as well as secondary perils and modeling have all driven up loss costs, creating a significant issue that needs to be addressed.
 When analyzing the portfolio over the last 5 years, we've seen catastrophe levels that are 10x the level the portfolio dealt with in the prior 10 years for losses in excess of $50 million. The inability to reflect emerging risk factors, the effects of changes to modeling, increased loss costs from CATs has put the profitability of the business under pressure. In addition, when you consider the increased exposure in most peak zones in the United States over the last few years, with significantly increased total insured values, in some cases, greater than 100%, more density, supply chain issues, reinsurance availability and increased reinsurance costs and all this with heightened complexity the pandemic has caused along with the impact of demand surge post-CATs, not being tested, the business model simply needs to change.
 Recognizing these realities after careful review, we decided to take meaningful steps to address this risk issue in our high net worth business, which will allow us to continue to offer comprehensive solutions to our clients that are more consistent and sustainable. Aggregation and profitability challenges led us to the conclusion that we have to offer the property homeowners product as an example through excess and surplus lines on a nonadmitted basis in multiple states.
 For example, in December, we announced that we would no longer be offering admitted personal property homeowners policies in the state of California. We cannot maintain our current level of aggregation in the state nor have we been able to achieve any profitability from this line of business. Being a prudent steward of capital, these actions will enable us to segment the portfolio, achieve an acceptable return, reduce volatility and offer clients more comprehensive policy wordings and service.
 Now turning to Life Retirement. Full year results were driven by improved equity markets, strong alternative investment income, higher interest rates, higher call and tender income and higher fee income, partially offset by elevated mortality and base spread compression across products. Adjusted pretax income in the fourth quarter and full year was $969 million and $3.9 billion, respectively. The full year growth of 11% was driven by strong alternative investment and fee income. Full year sales were strong with premiums and deposits increasing 15% year-over-year to $31.3 billion.
 Sales within our Individual Retirement segment grew 34% across our 3 product lines for the year. Assets under management were $323 billion, and assets under administration increased to $86 billion, benefiting both from strong sales activities and favorable economic conditions.
 We also made excellent progress with Blackstone in the fourth quarter, completing the initial $50 billion asset transfer, incorporating them into our asset liability management process, finalizing the investment guidelines and developing initial product offerings based on Blackstone's origination platform.
 Lastly, having analyzed our exposure to long duration target improvements or LDTI accounting, based on the current interest rate and macro environment, we expect the transition impact of LDTI is well within Life Retirement's current balance of AOCI. Mark will provide more detail on this topic in his remarks.
 Turning to the separation and IPO of Life Retirement. In addition to closing Blackstone transactions, we also continue to make significant progress on operationally separating Life Retirement from AIG, both with respect to what can be done by the IPO and longer term to transition service agreements. We are applying the same rigor and discipline to our separation work streams as we have with our AIG 200 Transformation Program, but with a clear focus on speed to execution. We continue to work towards an IPO in the second quarter of this year, subject to regulatory approvals and market conditions.
 As I mentioned on our last call, due to the sale of our affordable housing portfolio in the fourth quarter and the execution of certain tax strategies, we are not constrained in terms of how much of Life Retirement we can sell in an IPO. Having said that, the size of the IPO will be dependent on market conditions. We continue to expect to retain a greater than 50% interest immediately following the IPO and to continue to consolidate Life Retirement's financial statements at least until such time as we fall below the 50% ownership threshold.
 Finally, turning to capital management. We've been giving significant thought to both Life Retirement as a stand-alone business and AIG as we continue the path to separation. With respect to Life and Retirement, our goal remains to achieve a successful IPO of a business with a capital structure that is consistent with its industry peers. Life and Retirement has a strong balance sheet and limited exposure to legacy liabilities, and its insurance operations have a history of strong cash flow generation. We expect that over time, this business will sustain a payout ratio to shareholders of 60% to 65% between dividends and share repurchases on a full calendar year basis.
 We also expect that post IPO, Life and Retirement will pay an annual dividend in the range of $400 million to $600 million, which equates to roughly a 2% to 3% yield on book value. Additionally, as part of the separation process, in the fourth quarter of 2021, Life and Retirement declared a dividend payable to AIG in the amount of $8.3 billion, which will be funded by Life and Retirement debt issuances and paid prior to the IPO. Our expectation is that a vast majority of this dividend payment will be used to reduce debt at AIG, and therefore, the overall amount of debt across our consolidated company will remain relatively constant at the time of the Life Retirement IPO. Post deconsolidation, we expect Life Retirement to maintain a leverage ratio in the high 20s with AIG maintaining a leverage ratio in the low 20s.
 Regarding our current capital management plan for AIG, ending 2021 with $10.7 billion in parent liquidity provides us with a significant amount of flexibility. Our capital management philosophy will continue to be balanced to maintain appropriate levels of debt and to return capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, while also allowing for investment in growth opportunities across our Global portfolio. This will also be true post IPO and over time as we continue to sell down our stake in Life Retirement.
 With respect to share buybacks, we have $3.9 billion remaining under our current authorization and expect to complete this amount in 2022, weighted more towards the first half of this year. We do not expect the Life Retirement IPO to impact AIG's dividend and expect to maintain our current annual dividend level at $1.28 per share.
 With respect to growth opportunities, our priorities will be to allocate capital in General Insurance, where we see opportunities to grow and further improve our risk-adjusted returns. We believe there are excellent opportunities for continued growth in Global Commercial Lines, which Mark will cover in more detail in his remarks.
 As we move through 2022 and are further along with the IPO and separation of Life Retirement, we will continue to provide updates regarding capital management. As you can see, we made significant progress in 2021 and had a terrific year. 2022 will be another busy and transformational year for AIG. We started 2022 with a significant amount of momentum, and our colleagues continue to demonstrate an ability to execute on multiple fronts as we continue our journey to be a top-performing company.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark Lyons,Executive VP & CFO: Thank you, Peter, and good morning to all. Given Peter's comments, I will head directly into the fourth quarter results. Diluted adjusted earnings per share were $1.58, representing 68% growth over the prior year. This material improvement in adjusted EPS was driven by an over 1,000 basis point reduction in the General Insurance calendar quarter combined ratio; 9% growth in net earned premiums, led by Global Commercial with 13% net earned premium growth; and an improvement in the underlying accident year combined ratio ex CATs to 89.8%. As Peter mentioned, our first sub-90% quarterly results since before the financial crisis, which also represented a 310 basis point improvement from the prior year quarter. 
 Life and Retirement delivered another quarter of solid returns and remained well-positioned with a 13.7% return on adjusted segment common equity for the fourth quarter and 14.2% for the full year 2021. The strength of our operating earnings and capital actions in the quarter helped drive a near 10% adjusted annualized ROE and growth in adjusted tangible book value per share of nearly $7, which represents a sequential increase of 12% and a full year increase of 23%. We fulfilled our capital management commitments and finished the year with a GAAP leverage ratio of 24.6%, a reduction of 150 basis points in the quarter and 380 basis points over the course of the year, which is another milestone, as we stated our goal was to be at or under 25% on this important metric. This improvement was driven by approximately $4 billion of debt and hybrid retirement along with $2.6 billion of share repurchases, nearly $2.1 billion of which occurred in the second half of 2021, which was slightly above our guidance.
 Moving to General Insurance. I will provide some color in areas which Peter did not touch upon in his opening remarks. Catastrophe losses of $189 million were significantly lower this quarter compared to $545 million in the prior year quarter. This quarter's main drivers were the Midwest tornadoes and the Colorado wildfire. Prior year development was $44 million favorable in the fourth quarter compared to unfavorable development of $45 million in the prior year quarter. As usual, there was net favorable amortization from the ADC, which was $45 million this quarter. So PYD was essentially flat without this amortization. On a full year basis, net favorable development amounted to $201 million relative to [ $43 billion ] in net loss and loss adjustment expense reserves. In 2020, we released $76 million of net favorable development.
 Shifting to premium growth. Overall Global Commercial Insurance net premiums grew 13% on a reported and constant dollar basis for the quarter, and growth in North America commercial was 11%, driven by Casualty, which increased 50%; Lexington, which increased 14%; and Financial Lines, which increased over 10%. In International Commercial, growth was 16% on an FX-adjusted basis. And by line of business, Global Specialty, which is booked in International, grew over 25%. Talbot had 20% growth, and Property grew by 13%. Overall growth in the fourth quarter was driven by strong incremental rate improvement, higher renewal retentions and strong new business volumes.
 Commercial retention improved by 300 basis points year-over-year in North America to 80% and by 400 basis points in International to 86% in the period. This increase in wholesale business in North America Commercial brings with it lower channel retention ratios in addition to purposefully lower retentions in cyber and private D&O. Excluding these items, the retention ratios between North America and International Commercial are comparable. Commercial new business grew by 33% in the fourth quarter with 41% growth in North America and 25% growth in International.
 Turning to rate. Where overall Global Commercial Lines saw increases of 10% in the quarter, we achieved the third straight year of double-digit increases. Strong momentum continued across most lines, and we continue to achieve rate above loss cost trends. North America Commercial's overall 11% rate increases were balanced across the portfolio and led by Financial Lines, which increased by 15%; Excess Casualty, which increased by 14%; Retail Property, which was up 13%; and Lexington, which increased by 11%. International Commercial rate increases in the aggregate were 9%, driven by EMEA, which increased by 18%; the U.K., which increased by 12%; Financial Lines, which increased 18%; and Energy, which was up 11%, which is also its 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit rate increases.
 Shifting now to a calendar year combined ratio comparison. General Insurance produced a 95.8% combined ratio for 2021, an improvement of 850 basis points over 2020 and nearly 1,600 basis points better from 2018's 111.4% calendar year combined ratio. Peeling back a bit more, the combined CAT and prior period development improvement has been 720 basis points since 2018, indicating both a material CAT exposure reduction, in line with the movement we have shown in our PMLs and a much stronger loss reserve position than 3 years ago.
 Turning to additional pricing. Rate increases continue to be favorable and outpaced loss cost trends in most areas of the portfolio. With the level of rate that we have achieved in just the last 12 months, we expect that margin expansion will continue at least through 2022 and likely into accident year 2023. Getting more specific for illustrative purposes, we have communicated written rate changes during prior earnings calls and will continue to do so. However, since earned rate changes more directly impact reported results and given recent discussions around the inflation component of loss cost trend, I thought I'd go over a few areas on an earned rate basis for full year 2021.
 In North America Commercial, for example, Excess Casualty business that focuses on our national and corporate accounts has achieved an approximate earned rate increase approaching 40% in 2021 over 2020's earned rate level, as has cyber. D&O and nonadmitted Casualty achieved earned rate increases in the mid-20s. And importantly, retail and wholesale property achieved earned rate increases during 2021 in the low 20s. This is noteworthy because Property is getting most of the inflation attention, and yet the level of earned rate that was achieved is, in my view, still materially ahead of property and loss cost trend. And the same could be said for both Excess Casualty and D&O.
 Recent Property written rate increases are still in the low teens, and looking into policy year 2022 should keep them above loss trend even with an inflationary spike. Property pricing needs to remain firm to cover these increased costs of labor, materials and transportation.
 Turning to International Commercial. Similar to North America, there are large areas of material earned rate increases for full year 2021. International Financial Lines achieved a 23% earned rate increase over 2020's earned rate level. The International property book achieved an 18% earned rate increase, and the Energy book achieved earned rate increases in the mid-20s.
 Let's now step back and look at the last 3 years of cumulative written rate increases achieved at a high level during 2019 through 2021. North America Commercial across all lines of business had a 47% cumulative written rate increase, and International Commercial's cumulative written rate increase during that same time period was 40%. These measures, although they don't take into account improved terms and conditions and other difficult-to-track impact, indicate, on their own, a significant ingredient of margin improvement as evidenced by the material reduction in our reported accident year results.
 As we think about moving forward into calendar year 2022 and 2023, we need to be cognizant about the absolute, significantly favorable impact on combined ratios over the last 3 years and realize that most lines of business are well into the green. Although there are several opposite forces at work, such as economic and social inflation, my sense is that the 2022 market will continue to produce tight terms and conditions and strong pricing to sustain additional margin expansion into calendar 2023.
 As we think about 2022, major areas of growth for North America would be Accident & Health as the economy is expected to begin rebounding and Lexington on a nonadmitted basis. And on the International side, we see growth in our Global Specialty operations, A&H as well and select Casualty and Financial Lines areas around the globe, whereas AIG Re sees growth mostly in casualty business. The AIG Re portfolio strategically took the opportunity to further derisk and rebalance the portfolio away from property CAT due to our view of a less-than-adequate returns in that space and expanded further into Casualty and Specialty Lines and expects to continue that trend. Furthermore, limits deployed in U.S. property were down about 10%, and the retrocessional program provided $1 billion of protection with peak U.S. zone PML down meaningfully across most points in the return period curve.
 Moving to Life and Retirement. Premiums and deposits grew 19% in the fourth quarter, excluding Retail Mutual funds, relative to the comparable quarter last year. Growth was driven by Individual Retirement and $2.1 billion of pension risk transfer activity. APTI for the quarter was $969 million, down 6%, driven primarily by lower net investment income and unfavorable COVID-19 base mortality, although non-COVID-19 mortality returned to being better than pricing expectations.
 On a full year basis, APTI increased to $3.9 billion, reflecting higher net investment income and fee income, partially offset by adverse mortality. Our investment portfolio and hedging program continued to perform extremely well for both the quarter and the year. Composite base spreads across Individual and Group Retirement along with institutional markets compressed 12 basis points during 2021 within the sensitivity guidance we've previously provided.
 Within Individual Retirement, Index Annuities continued to be the net flows growth engine with $880 million of positive net flows for the quarter and $4.1 billion of the full year. APTI was essentially flat for full year 2021 over full year 2020, but premiums and deposits were up 34% and AUM was up 2% year-over-year to $159 billion. Group Retirement had APTI of $314 million for the fourth quarter, virtually flat with last year's comparable quarter, but was up 27% on a full year basis, with premium and deposits up roughly 4% and assets under administration up over 7.5% on a full year basis to $140 billion.
 Life Insurance APTI was a negative $8 million in the fourth quarter, but had a gain of $106 million for the full year. Premiums and deposits grew 4% from fourth quarter of 2020 and over 5% for the full year to $4.7 billion. Additionally, total insurance in-force grew to $1.2 trillion, representing over 3% growth.
 Our COVID-19-related mortality exposure sensitivity of $65 million to $75 million pretax per 100,000 U.S. population deaths was in line based on the externally reported fourth quarter COVID-related population deaths in the U.S. Institutional Markets grew premiums and deposits by 74% relative to last year's comparable quarter, primarily due to the significant pension risk transfer sales.
 Moving to other operations. The adjusted pretax loss before consolidation and eliminations was $178 million, a $250 million improvement versus the prior year quarter, with the primary drivers being higher net investment income of $237 million; a lower corporate interest expense on financial debt of $51 million, resulting from our debt redemption activities; partially offset by higher corporate GOE of $12 million, which include increases in performance-based compensation.
 Heading to Peter's comment about AIG 200. $810 million of run rate savings are already executed or contracted towards the $1 billion run rate in savings objective with approximately $540 million recognized to date in our income statement and $645 million of the $1.3 billion cost to achieve having been spent to date.
 Shifting to investments. Total cash and investments were $361 billion, and fourth quarter net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.3 billion, which was essentially the same both sequentially and year-over-year and was aided by higher alternative investment income, particularly within private equity. NII for the full year of $12.9 billion was up over $600 million from 2020. Private equity returns were nearly 32% for the full year, up from approximately 10% last year. Hedge funds returned approximately 14% each year, and mortgage loan returns were stable at 4.2%.
 We ended the year with our primary operating subsidiaries being profitable and well-capitalized with General Insurance's U.S. pool fleet risk-based capital ratio for the fourth quarter estimated to be between 460% and 470%, and the Life and Retirement [ yields ] is estimated to be between 440% and 450%, both well above the upper bound of our target operating ranges. With respect to share count, our average total diluted shares outstanding in the fourth quarter were 847 million, a reduction of 2% as we repurchased approximately 17 million shares in the quarter. The end-of-period outstanding shares for book value per share purposes was approximately 819 million at year-end 2021.
 Now I'd like to address the forthcoming LDTI accounting changes affecting our Life and Retirement business. First, this is a GAAP-only accounting standard, and there should not be impacts to cash flow or statutory results. As this continues to be a work in progress for us and the industry at large, I'd like to provide a range towards the transitional balance impact at January 1, 2021, as being between $1 billion and $3 billion decrease to shareholders' equity with our current point estimate being towards the lower end of this range. This decrease represents a netting between an increase to retained earnings and a decrease to AOCI. Once again, Life and Retirement's breadth of product offerings provides value as the LDTI impact of old traditional products covered by FAS 60 involving mortality are roughly offset by the elimination of historical AOCI adjustment associated with certain longevity products.
 Also, current GAAP accounting for living benefits is at fair value, and changes go through the income statement, whereas under LDTI, a portion of that charge will be recorded in AOCI, pertaining to the company's own credit spreads, which, for that piece, will help to dampen some volatility. But mortality benefits will now also be at fair value and will act as an offset to take volatility in the other direction within the GAAP income statement.
 Turning now to the recent S&P capital model changes. The deadline to respond has been extended to March of 2022, and S&P will presumably conclude shortly thereafter. Both the property, casualty and the life retirement insurance industries will likely see higher capital charges for innate insurance exposures as well as for asset credit and asset market risks. Additionally, reduced benefits of holding company cash liquidity and lower levels of accessible debt leverage is an indicated outcome, but all with material offsets due to increased diversification benefits. We have spent considerable time on the analysis of this proposal so far, but it is probably premature to make any predictions at this point before S&P and the industry have had more time to land upon the exact details of the final framework.
 Now in conclusion, by virtually all measures, growth, profitability, returns, margin expansion, adjusted book, adjusted tangible book value, debt leverage reduction, EPS, adjusted pre- and after-tax income and net income all point to an outstanding year for AIG. When you also factor in our global platform, our marketplace actions and impact, the strength of our loss reserves, a robust reinsurance program and massive portfolio reconstruction, AIG is exceedingly well-positioned as we look to the separation of L&R, completing AIG 200, maintaining our path towards increasing profitable growth and for whatever else the future holds.
 With that, I will turn the call back over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Great. Thank you, Mark. Operator, we're ready for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, given that you guys have just under $11 billion of capital at the parent, your debt to capital is also below 25%, and you have the Life and Retirement IPO coming, shouldn't you be able to buy back more than $3.9 billion this year? Or is the $3.9 billion, Peter, that you mentioned remaining under the authorization, is that a floor? And could you come back later after the IPO and update that figure? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Thanks, Elyse, for the question. Yes, that's really what we tried to outline in terms of the capital management, is the $10.7 billion, what's in front of us in terms of we see great growth opportunities in the business. And I think that the results and how much they're improving are evidence of that, maintaining the right leverage, committing to the dividend and then talking through the current share authorization and not speculating on the amount or timing of the IPO beyond the guidance that we've already provided. So as we do the IPO, we will continue to refresh that sort of capital management and sort of accelerate what we can do with capital above what we have for liquidity today. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my second question is on that sub-90% underlying margin target in General Insurance. You guys came in at 91% for 2021 for the full year. Given your comments that earned rate should exceed loss trend this year and you still have some AIG 200 expense saves coming in, should we think about seeing improvement in both the loss and the expense ratio in '22? And then also, would you expect to be at that sub-90% during every quarter of 2022? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Thanks, Elyse. I'll have Mark add to my comments. But we gave you full year guidance. I think Mark gave tremendous detail in his prepared remarks in terms of the earned premium, the improvements that we've made. And again, when you look at the quality in terms of how we're growing with strong top line, strong retention, strong new business, strong rate, developing margin above loss cost, in addition, AIG 200, as you mentioned, earning in is going to give us an expense benefit.
 The one thing I do want to note that in the expense benefit, we've been investing against that in terms of bringing more underwriters in for growth, particularly in A&H, where we see great opportunities. We're building an operational muscle within AIG in terms of adding high-qualified people that have backgrounds in data, digital, digital workflow. So while we're recognizing the benefits from AIG 200, we're also investing to be able to continue to perpetuate this very strong performance.
 Mark, do you want to comment a little bit in terms of the -- I don't think we give quarterly guidance, but how you think about next year in a little bit more detail? 
Mark Lyons,Executive VP & CFO: Yes, happy to, Peter. Thank you. So with respect to your quarterly question, I mean, the Insurance business, we take out a lot of different risks. We have the big portfolio, so you get some smoothing. But quarter-by-quarter, you never really know that. And as Dave McElroy and Peter have said in the past, every quarter has a different underlying mix to it. So we would certainly expect improvement, but I wouldn't be surprised if 1 quarter went off or something. But the year, we certainly expect continued improvement. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Let me start with a question for Mark, if I can. It's going to be a little sort of detailed. But in the supplement, you disclosed $676 million of alternative investments that are above expectations. And then there's, I want to say, $476 million of consolidation offset. And I'm wondering if you could talk about the relationship between those 2? And what sort of rule of thumb we should apply to the outperformance that goes out on the consolidation side? 
Mark Lyons,Executive VP & CFO: Well -- sorry. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Go ahead, Mark. 
Mark Lyons,Executive VP & CFO: So thank you for the question, Meyer. What you'll always see is the -- and basically, what you see in other operations, which always gets a little confusing, granted, is that the investment income in the subs would be double counted otherwise. So what you see as you go through that is that the elimination of that overlap, firstly.
 Secondly, on the alternatives, I kind of highlighted for you what some of the returns have been on that over the last couple of years, which we certainly wouldn't count on really on a go-forward basis, you don't plan on that level. We're happy to have it, but we wouldn't really contemplate that on a strict go-forward basis. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. And the second question, maybe a little bit less obscure. You mentioned the decrease in PMLs historically. How do things look, whether it's PML or AAL? How do you use 2022 based on both inward network reinsurance? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Well, let me start, and then Dave, maybe you can just add a little bit of commentary on how we're thinking about the property book. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we were very conservative in terms of how we've been shedding gross limit. This is on the sort of AIG, non-AIG Re side. And we've been very conservative on growth and also we've reduced our nets, I mean. So when I was trying to outline in the reinsurance that we're taking less volatility going forward, just because of all the different factors of what we've been doing on the underwriting side and also to continue to advance and evolve our comprehensive reinsurance program.
 Before turning it over to Dave, I will comment on AIG Re. We significantly reduced our aggregates in peak zones at 1/1, didn't think the risk-adjusted returns were there. As Mark alluded to, we lowered in the majority of our return periods in the frequency, severity and tail; significantly reduced our net PMLs and have a lot of ability depending on what happens in the market in the future to be able to be responsive. But we were not going to be an index in the market. And I think we were very conservative at the AIG Re level in terms of that deployment. Dave, do you want to add a couple of comments on property? David, you're on mute. 
David McElroy: Yes, it's very important to understand the reunderwriting that was done in the Property book. And not only the limits that were taken out, of the $1 trillion, about $600 billion of that was Property around the world. So -- and it really did rearchitect completely different businesses with Lexington becoming more of an E&S carrier. 80 -- 90% of our limits now are less than $10 million, okay? And we let Retail Property play, and they started to do shared and layered. They weren't competing anymore with $2 billion limit. So the whole PML and AAL has come down dramatically, okay? And that's obviously influenced how we buy our [ reinsurances ]. 
 We are reflecting the fact that there is a higher, let's say, expected loss in inflation in the 2022 plan. So we've actually added a little bit above our AAL as a marker for our CAT load in 2022 to reflect that. I think that's just prudent business. It also reflects the fact that the -- we think we have these books from a limit management standpoint, from an exposure standpoint controlled, but we need to be conservative. We need to think of it that way. So -- and that actually extends to the Global franchise, too. There was a massive amount of limits that we've taken out of that portfolio, and that feeds into the respective CAT programs that we have overseas. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. 
Erik Bass: I just wanted to walk through the mechanics of the capital transfers prior to the IPO, just to make sure that I have this correct. Is the expectation that Life and Retirement will issue debt and then use the proceeds to pay the $8.3 billion dividend to the AIG Holding Company, and that will then, in turn, use that cash to retire debt? And I guess, is the takeaway that this will put you in a leverage position such that all of the net IPO proceeds will be available to shareholders or for growth investments? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Yes, it's a really good question, Erik. Thanks for that. Shane, maybe you can just answer Erik's question, but also just give a high level in terms of how we're thinking about the sequencing with the IPO. 
Shane Fitzsimons: Yes. So Erik, you're correct. So Life and Retirement declared a dividend of $8.3 billion, which is a note receivable at parent at the moment. So Life and Retirement will go into the market and actually raise some of that debt actually pre IPO, and we're working through that at the moment. And those proceeds will then come across as a repayment on the note. And then the proceeds from that note will be used to pay down debt at parent.
 So the goal is to keep debt levels between the 2 companies more or less at the same level moving forward. And I think as Peter outlined, the goal in separation is to have [indiscernible] for the new company in the high 20s and in the -- for the -- what you would know going forward is kind of parent plus General Insurance in the low 20s, is kind of the way that this will evolve. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Yes. Thanks, Shane. And Erik, you're right, like we're going to have more flexibility as the proceeds of the IPO become available, but we're trying to be very prudent in terms of the capital management leading up to that. 
Erik Bass: Got it. And then I believe that you transferred the ownership of the asset management business to Life and Retirement at the end of the year? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Yes. 
Erik Bass: Can you just help us think about the impact of this change on go-forward results for both L&R and other ops? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Well, this is a process that we've outlined as part of the separation. So there's a variety of steps in terms of sequencing that. One is that we transfer the investment management group to Life and Retirement as part of the separation. We've been operationally taken assets under management as we put in the prepared remarks and have been very open and transparent about Blackstone. So that was a transfer.
 We have a sort of target operating model that we're working through with Life and Retirement and with the remaining AIG in terms of the pace in which we will make those changes. But we're going to optimize that structure to make sure that it's in the range of what the sort of AUM basis point fee was in terms of our internal management with using an outsourcing model. So we'll continue to give you more and more guidance, but you should know that like in sequential steps, we want to get the transfer for -- into Life Retirement, then Blackstone and then how we optimize the target operating model to make sure there's not headwinds for Life Retirement in the future. 
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. 
Taylor Scott: First thing I wanted to ask about is just the ROE at the remaining company. It seems like you provided some helpful guidance on Life and Retirement, what the cash flows could look like. It seems like maybe some of that's getting honed in a bit. And I know you probably can't give specifics so much, but could you give us a feel for what kind of ROE we'll be looking at sort of post separation as we have some stranded costs and things like that to deal with versus maybe where you would expect to run a company with these businesses at the remaining company more long term? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Sure, Alex. Thanks for the question. Again, we have so much going on that there is, I keep using the word sequencing because we want to make sure that we're doing the underwriting turnaround and all the things that we outlined through the scripts in the right sequence and making sure that we are getting things put behind us.
 We do have a path to a 10% ROE. I can't really give you a specific time frame because you can appreciate, we have so many moving pieces at the moment. Many of them we addressed in the scripts, but there's some that we can't address until we know further in terms of what are the IPO proceeds and looking further at the structure of the equity.
 I'm going to ask Shane to comment a little bit more. I mean -- but we know that we have to get expenses and rationalized in the company. But again, those priorities are going to be, we got to focus on making sure that we're driving the underwriting. We have great opportunities as a global leader in the industry, and we want to make sure that we're solving risk issues and capitalizing on all the opportunities present themselves.
 We want to finish AIG 200, which is going to give some of that expense benefit in terms of driving the ROE and get that done within the calendar year and then pivot to investment on digital. The operational separation of Life Retirement is incredibly important. We've been working with Kevin and the leadership team of getting that set up. So we want to continue to drive that forward, and then we have to execute on the IPO.
 So once that is largely complete, we know that the parent and what it is today called General Insurance, we have to combine the 2, and we will rationalize that operating model, not only driving profitability improvement but expense improvement, and that will drive the path in terms of achieving that ROE.
 Shane, I know I probably gobbled up a lot of the details, but is there anything else you'd like to add? 
Shane Fitzsimons: Yes. I mean, Peter, I think the only other thing I would really add is that we also made significant progress here in 2021 with a combination of buyback and getting share. Our leverage down below 25% is a significant highlight. Peter talked about what we have to do in terms of finalizing the remaining equity as part of an efficient capital structure for Remain Co, including post-separation leverage in the low 20s and what capital is needed in the insurance subsidiaries to support accretive organic growth and return to share owners.
 And I think Peter mentioned as well, we have improved expense ratios, but one of the key drags on our ROE is parent expenses. And we have been rightsizing this through AIG 200 in separation, but we need to do more. And I think Peter has assembled a team that has spent good parts of their career in transformation, driving expense and operational efficiency programs. And we'll turn this headwind at parent into a tailwind, at least, that's -- and that will help us get to where we need to get to. And we will provide updates over time. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Thanks, Shane. 
Taylor Scott: That's all really helpful. And maybe a follow-up, in General Insurance, can you just comment maybe a high level around how you're balancing, driving further margin improvement from here versus prioritizing growth? And maybe if you could just comment between North America and international, if you could? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Yes. Let me just give a brief overview, and then ask Dave to comment on a little bit more specificity. One is we have a great balance across the globe in terms of International and North America. We've been driving top line growth, but the underwriting culture that we've developed is all about profitability. And so making sure that we continue to drive that profitability on a combined ratio, it's sustainable, but the areas in where we think we really drive significant value, there's multiple.
 Mark mentioned some of the product lines. It's not a couple, it's many, and it's across many geographies. And our underwriting leadership capacity and ability to structure programs is going to be something that we think is sustainable, but we won't be sacrificing margin and bottom line for top line.
 Dave, anything you want to add in terms of some of the specific areas where you're really looking to grow? Dave, you're on mute. 
David McElroy: Thank you. You can hear me? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Yes. 
David McElroy: Yes. I think we don't want to front-run 2022, but a lot of the work that we've done over the last 3 years really -- and it manifests itself in 2021. You could see we are growing. You can see the numbers that we put forth on the accident year as well as combined year. And those books form our future. So I've spoken to a momentum business, but we now look at those books of business that we've rearchitected, okay, and it gave us a lot of room to do that, and you saw the pivot to growth. But those are now a well-formed books that we think we can grow off of.
 If you think about renewal retention, when you think about rate on that book and when you think about new business on that book, we are optimistic around that forming a foundation for growth into 2022 and 2023. And renewal retention is a momentum business, okay? We've been adding a couple of hundred bps to each renewal retention each year. We think that there's opportunity there because we like the book. It's a better price book into 2022.
 Rates. You've heard some of the rhetoric. We believe that rates will continue to trend above expected loss costs with an inflation buffer in there. We saw in the fourth quarter where there was concern and fear around Property, and Property turned back. And I call out not only to ourselves but to everybody on this call, how we thought there would be deceleration in 2021, but there was a respect in the industry and a reflection in the industry on inflation costs, and the market is reacting rationally to that. And we think that will continue into 2022.
 And then new business, the machinery and what Peter is alluding to is we have so many franchises around the world that have, what I consider to be preferred positions, moat positions, okay? We are not trading against the comparative rater in auto. We are a specialty global company that judgment matters, underwriting matters, and we have primary positions and collateral and multinational service capabilities. These are assets that we can control and allow us to generate growth with that. So let me stop there for a change. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Thank you, David. That's excellent. Thank you, everyone, for being here today. Before we end the call, I do want to take a minute to thank Mark for all the terrific work he did as a CFO over the last few years. In addition to leading the finance team, Mark has been a critical member of the executive team that transformed our GI portfolio, helped us achieve a great result, and we were able to talk about it today. Grateful for his support, really look forward to him in his new role and the transition. So Mark, thank you for everything.
 We're really anxious to have Shane. And you saw it today. We introduced him, done a great job getting up to speed. And so that transition has been very seamless. And Shane, welcome to the CFO role. And lastly, I want to thank all of our global colleagues for their incredible dedication, great work and making AIG a market leader and a great place to work. So thank you, everyone, and have a great day. 
Operator: That will conclude today's call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the AIG's Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead, sir. 
Quentin McMillan: Thank you, Jake. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements, including comments related to company performance, strategic priorities, including AIG's pursuit of separation of its Life and Retirement business, business mix and market conditions and the effects of COVID-19 on AIG. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. Actual performance and events may differ materially.
 Factors that could cause results to differ include factors described in our third quarter 2021 report on Form 10-Q, our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and other recent filings made with the SEC. AIG is under no obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 Additionally, some remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website, www.aig.com.
 With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Peter Zaffino, President and CEO of AIG. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to review our third quarter results. I'm pleased to report that AIG had another outstanding quarter as we continue to build momentum and execute on our strategic priorities. We continue to drive underwriting excellence across our portfolio. We're executing on AIG 200 to instill operational excellence in everything we do. We are continuing to work on the separation of Life and Retirement from AIG. And we're demonstrating an ongoing commitment to thoughtful capital management.
 I will start my remarks with an overview of our consolidated financial results for the third quarter. I will then review our results for General Insurance, where we continue to demonstrate market leadership in solving risk issues for clients while delivering improved underwriting profitability and more consistent results. I'll also comment on certain market dynamics, particularly in the property market, as well as recent CAT activity and related reinsurance considerations as we approach year-end.
 Next, I'll review results from our Life and Retirement business, which we continue to prepare to be a stand-alone company. I will also provide an update on the considerable progress we're making on the operational separation of Life and Retirement from AIG and our strong execution of AIG 200.
 I will then review capital management, where our near-term priorities remain unchanged from those I have outlined in the past: debt reduction, return of capital to shareholders, investment in our business through organic growth and operational improvements.
 Finally, I will conclude with our recently announced senior executive changes that further position AIG for the long term. These appointments were possible due to the strong bench of internal talent and significantly augment the leadership team across our company. I will then turn the call over to Mark, who will provide more detail on our financial results, and then we'll take your questions.
 Starting with our consolidated results. As I said, AIG had another outstanding quarter, continuing the terrific trends we've experienced throughout 2021. Against the backdrop of a very active CAT season and the persistent and ongoing global pandemic, our global team of colleagues continue to perform at an incredibly high level, delivering value to our clients, policyholders and distribution partners.
 Adjusted after-tax income in the third quarter was $0.97 per diluted share compared to $0.81 in the prior year quarter. This result was driven by significant improvement in profitability in General Insurance, very good results in Life and Retirement, continued expense discipline and savings from AIG 200 and executing on our capital management strategy.
 In General Insurance, Global Commercial drove strong top line growth. And we were especially pleased with our adjusted accident year combined ratio, which improved 280 basis points year-over-year to 90.5%. These excellent results in General Insurance validate the strategy we've been executing on to vastly improve the quality of our portfolio and build a top-performing culture of disciplined underwriting.
 One data point that I believe demonstrates the incredible progress we have made is our accident year combined ratio for the first 9 months of 2021, which was 97.7%. That's including CATs. This represents a 770 basis point improvement year-over-year, with 600 of that improvement coming from the loss ratio and 170 from the expense ratio.
 In Life and Retirement, we again had solid results primarily driven by improved investment performance and increased call and tender income. This business delivered a return on adjusted segment common equity of 12.2% for the third quarter and 14.3% for the first 9 months of the year. And we recently achieved an important milestone in the separation process by closing the sale of a 9.9% equity stake in Life and Retirement to Blackstone for $2.2 billion in cash. We continue to prepare the business for an IPO in 2022, and we'll begin moving certain assets under management to Blackstone.
 We ended the third quarter with $5.3 billion in parent liquidity after redeeming $1.5 billion in debt outstanding and completing $1.1 billion in share repurchases. Year-to-date, we have reduced financial debt outstanding by $3.4 billion and have returned $2.5 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
 We expect to redeem or repurchase an additional $1 billion of debt in the fourth quarter and to repurchase a minimum of $900 million of common stock through year-end to complete the $2 billion of stock repurchase we announced on our last call. Through these actions, we've made clear our continuing commitment to remain active and thoughtful about capital management.
 Now let me provide more detail on our business results in the third quarter. I will start with General Insurance, where, as I mentioned earlier, growth in net premiums written continued to be very strong, and we achieved our 13th consecutive quarter of improvement in the adjusted accident year combined ratio.
 Adjusting for foreign exchange, net premiums written increased 10% year-over-year to $6.6 billion. This growth was driven by Global Commercial, which increased 15%, with Personal Insurance flat for the quarter.
 Growth in Commercial was balanced between North America and International, with North America increasing 18% and International increasing 12%. Growth in North America Commercial was driven by Excess Casualty, which increased over 50%; Lexington Wholesale, which continued to show leadership in the E&S market and grew Property and Casualty by over 30%; Financial Lines, which increased over 20%; and Crop Risk Services, which grew more than 50% driven by increased commodity prices.
 In International Commercial, Financial Lines grew 25%, Talbot had over 15% growth, and Liability had over 10% growth. In addition, gross new business in Global Commercial grew 40% year-over-year to over $1 billion. In North America, new business growth was more than 50%, and in International, it was more than 25%. North America new business was strongest in Lexington, Financial Lines and Retail Property. International new business came mostly from Financial Lines and our Specialty businesses.
 We also had very strong retention in our in-force portfolio, with North America improving retention by 200 basis points and International improving retention by 700 basis points.
 Turning to rate. Strong momentum continued with overall Global Commercial rate increases of 12%. In many cases, this is the third year where we have achieved double-digit rate increases in our portfolio.
 North America Commercial's overall 11% rate increases were balanced across the portfolio and led by Excess Casualty, which increased over 15%; Financial Lines, which also increased over 15%; and Canada, where rates increased by 17%, representing the 10th consecutive quarter of double-digit rate increases.
 International Commercial rate increases were 13% driven by EMEA, excluding Specialty, which increased by 22%; U.K., excluding Specialty, which increased 21%; Financial Lines, which increased 24%; and Energy, which was up 14%, its 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit rate increases.
 Turning to Global Personal Insurance. We had a solid quarter that reflected a modest rebound in net premiums written in Travel and Warranty, offset by results in the Private Client Group due to reinsurance cessions related to Syndicate 2019 and nonrenewals in peak zones.
 Shifting to underwriting profitability. As I noted earlier, General Insurance's accident year combined ratio ex CAT was 90.5%. The third quarter saw a 150 basis point improvement in the accident year loss ratio ex CAT and a 130 basis point improvement in the expense ratio, all of which came from the GOE ratio. These results were driven by our improved portfolio mix, achieving rate in excess of loss cost trends, continued expense discipline and benefits from AIG 200.
 Global Commercial achieved an impressive accident year combined ratio ex CATs of 88.9%, an improvement of 290 basis points year-over-year and the second consecutive quarter with a sub-90% combined ratio result. The accident year combined ratio ex CAT for North America Commercial and International Commercial were 90.5% and 86.8%, respectively, an improvement of 370 basis points and 210 basis points. In Global Personal Insurance, the accident year combined ratio ex CATs was 94.2%, an improvement of 220 basis points year-over-year driven by improvement in the expense ratio.
 Given the significant progress we have made to improve our combined ratios and our view that the momentum we have will continue for the foreseeable future, we now expect to achieve a sub-90% accident year combined ratio ex CAT for full year 2022. After 3 years of significant underwriting margin improvement, we believe that the sub-90% accident year combined ratio ex CAT is something that not only will be achieved for full year 2022, but that there will continue to be runway for further improvement in future years.
 Turning to CATs. As I said earlier, the third quarter was very active, with current industry estimates ranging between $45 billion and $55 billion globally. We reported approximately $625 million of net global CAT losses with approximately $530 million in Commercial. The largest impacts were from Hurricane Ida and flooding in Europe, where we saw net CAT losses of approximately $400 million and $190 million, respectively.
 We have put significant management focus into our reinsurance program, which continues to perform exceptionally well to reduce volatility, including strategic purchases for wind that we made in the second quarter. Reinsurance recoveries in our International per occurrence, Private Client Group per occurrence and other discrete reinsurance programs also reduced volatility in the third quarter.
 We expect any fourth quarter CAT losses to be limited given that we are close to attaching on our North America aggregate cover and our aggregate cover for rest of the world, excluding Japan. We have each and every loss deductibles of $75 million for North America wind, $50 million for North America earthquake and $25 million for all other North America perils and $20 million for international. Our worldwide retention has approximately $175 million remaining before attaching in the aggregate, which would essentially be for Japan CAT.
 Taking a step back for a moment, I want to acknowledge the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes in recent years. Since 2012 and excluding COVID, there have been 10 CATs with losses exceeding $10 billion. And 9 of those 10 occurred in 2017 through the third quarter of this year.
 Average CAT losses over the last 5 years have been $114 billion, up 30% from the 10-year average and up 40% from the 15-year average. And through 2021, catastrophe losses exceed $100 billion, and we're already at $90 billion through the third quarter. This will be the fourth year in the last 5 years in which natural catastrophes have exceeded this threshold. We've never seen consistent CAT losses at this level and as an industry, need to acknowledge that frequency and severity has changed dramatically as a result of climate change and other factors.
 I'll make 3 observations. First, while CAT models tended to trend acceptable over the last 20 years, that has not been the case over the last 5 years. Second, over the last 5 years, on average, models have been 20% to 30% below the expected value at the lower return periods. If you add in wildfire, those numbers dramatically increase. Third, industry losses compared to model losses at the low end of the curve have been deficient and need rate adjustments to reflect the significant increase in frequency in CATs.
 To address these issues, at AIG, we've invested heavily in our CAT research team to develop our own view of risk in this new environment. As a result of this work, we made frequency and severity adjustments for wildfire, U.S. wind, storm surge, flood as well as numerous other perils in international. We will continue to leverage new scientific studies, improvements in vendor model work and our own claims data to calibrate our views on risk over time to ensure we're appropriately pricing CAT risks.
 Across our portfolio, our strategy and primary focus has been and will continue to be to deliver risk solutions that meet our clients' needs while aligning within our risk appetite, which takes into consideration terms and conditions, strategic deployment of limits and a recognition of increased frequency and severity. The significant focus that we've been applying to the critical work we've been doing is showing through in our financial results as you've seen over the course of 2021 with improving combined ratios, both including and excluding CATs.
 Now turning to Life and Retirement. Earnings continue to be strong, and in the third quarter were supported by stable equity markets, modestly improving interest rates relative to the second quarter and significant call and tender income. Adjusted pretax income in the third quarter was approximately $875 million.
 Individual Retirement, excluding Retail Mutual Funds, which we sold in the third quarter, maintained its upward trajectory with 27% growth in sales year-over-year. Our largest retail product, Index Annuity, was up 50% compared to the prior year quarter.
 Group Retirement collectively grew deposits 3% with new group acquisitions ahead of prior year, but below a robust second quarter. Kevin and his team continued to actively manage the impacts from a low interest rate and tighter credit spreads environment. And their earlier provided range for expected annual spread compression has not changed as base investment spreads for the third quarter were within the annual 8 to 6 points (sic) [ 8 to 16 basis points ] guidance.
 With respect to the operational separation of Life and Retirement, we continue to make considerable progress on a number of fronts. Our goal is to deliver a clean separation with minimal business disruption and emphasis on speed execution, operational efficiency and thoughtful talent allocation.
 We have many work streams in execution mode, including designing a target operating model that will position Life and Retirement to be a successful stand-alone public company, separating IT systems, data centers, software applications, real estate and material vendor contracts and determining where transition services will be required and minimizing their duration with clear exit plans.
 We continue to expect an IPO to occur in the first quarter of 2022 or potentially in the second quarter, subject to regulatory approvals and market conditions. As I mentioned on our last call, due to the sale of our affordable housing portfolio and the execution of certain tax strategies, we are no longer constrained in terms of how much of Life and Retirement we can sell on an IPO.
 Having said that, we currently expect to retain a greater than 50% interest immediately following the IPO and to continue to consolidate Life and Retirement's financial statements until such time as we fall below the 50% ownership threshold. As we plan for the full separation of Life and Retirement, the timing of further secondary offerings will be based on market conditions and other relevant factors over time.
 With respect to AIG 200, we continue to advance this program and remain on track to deliver $1 billion in run rate savings across the company by the end of 2022 against a cost to achieve of $1.3 billion. $660 million of run rate savings are already executed or contracted, with approximately $400 million recognized to date in our income statement.
 As with the underwriting turnaround, which created a culture of underwriting excellence, AIG 200 is creating a culture of operational excellence that is becoming the way we work across AIG.
 Before turning the call over to Mark, I'd like to take a moment to discuss the senior leadership changes we announced last week. Having made significant progress during the first 9 months of 2021 across our strategic priorities and in light of the momentum we have heading towards the end of the year, this was an ideal time to make these appointments.
 I'll start with Mark, who will step into a newly created role, Global Chief Actuary and Head of Portfolio Management for AIG on January 1. As you all know, over the last 3 years, Mark has played a critical role in the repositioning of AIG. He originally joined AIG in 2018 as our Chief Actuary. And this new role will get him back into the core of our business, driving portfolio improvement, growth and prudent decision-making by providing guidance on important performance metrics within our risk appetite and evolving our reinsurance program.
 Shane Fitzsimons will take over for Mark as Chief Financial Officer on January 1. Shane joined AIG in 2019, and his strong leadership helped accelerate aspects of AIG 200 and instill discipline and rigor around our finance transformation, strategic planning, budgeting and forecasting processes. He has a strong financial and accounting background having worked at GE for over 20 years in many senior finance roles, including as Head of FP&A and Chief Financial Officer of GE's international operations. Shane has already begun working with Mark on a transition plan, and we've shifted his AIG 200 and shared services responsibility to other senior leaders.
 We also announced that Elias Habayeb has been named Chief Financial Officer of Life and Retirement. Elias has been with AIG for over 15 years and was most recently our Deputy CFO and Principal Accounting Officer for AIG as well as the CFO for General Insurance. Elias has deep expertise about AIG. And his transition to Life and Retirement will be seamless as he is well known to that management team, the investments team that is now part of Life and Retirement, our regulators, rating agencies and many other stakeholders.
 Overall, I am very pleased with our team, our third quarter results and the tremendous progress we're making on many fronts across AIG.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Thank you, Peter, and good morning to all. I am extremely pleased with the strong adjusted earnings this quarter of $0.97 per share and our profitable General Insurance calendar quarter combined ratio, which includes CATs, of 99.7%. The year-over-year adjusted EPS improvement was driven by a 750 basis point reduction in the General Insurance calendar quarter combined ratio, strong growth in net premiums written and earned and a related 280 basis point decrease in the underlying accident year combined ratio ex CAT. Life and Retirement also produced strong APTI of $877 million, along with a healthy adjusted ROE of 12.2%.
 The quarter's strong operating earnings and consistent investment performance helped increase adjusted book value per share by 3% sequentially and nearly 9% compared to 1 year ago. The strength of our balance sheet and strong liquidity position were highlights in the period as we made continued progress on our leverage goals with a GAAP debt leverage reduction of 90 basis points sequentially and 350 basis points from 1 year ago today to 26.1%, generated through retained earnings and liability management actions.
 Shifting to General Insurance. Due to our achieved profitable growth to date, together with demonstrable volatility reduction and smart cycle management, makes us even more confident in achieving our stated goal of a sub-90% accident year combined ratio ex CAT for full year 2022 rather than just exiting 2022.
 Shifting now to current conditions. The markets in which we operate persist in strength and show resiliency. AIG's global platform continues to see rate strengthening internationally, which adds to our overall uplift unlike more U.S.-centric competitors. As you recall, International Commercial rate increases lagged those in North America initially. But beginning in 2021, as noted by Peter in his remarks, International is now producing rate increases that surpass those strong rates still being achieved in North America, and in some areas, meaningfully so.
 These rate increases continue to outstrip loss cost trends on a global basis across a broadband of assumptions and are additive towards additional margin expansion. In fact, for a more extensive view, within North America over the 3-year period, 2019 through 2021, product lines that achieved cumulative rate increases near or above 100% are found within Excess Casualty, both admitted and non-admitted; Property Lines, both admitted and non-admitted; and Financial Lines. We believe these levels of tailwind will continue driving earned margin expansion into the foreseeable future.
 In the current inflationary environment, it's important to remember that products with inflation-sensitive exposure bases, such as sales, receipts and payroll, act as an inflation mitigant and furthermore are subject to additional audit premiums as the economy recovers.
 Last quarter, we provided commentary about U.S. portfolio loss cost trends of 4% to 5% and in some aspects were viewed as being near term. We believe that this range still holds but now gravitates towards the upper end given another quarter of data. And in fact, our U.S. loss cost trends range from approximately 3.5% to 10%, depending on the line of business.
 From a pricing perspective, we feel that we are integrating these near-term inflationary impact into our rating and portfolio tools. And we are not lowering any line of business loss cost trends since lighter claims reporting may be misconstrued as a false positive due to COVID-19 societal impacts.
 It's also worth noting that all of our North America Commercial Lines loss cost trends, with the exception of workers' compensation, are materially lower than the corresponding rate increases we are seeing. This discussion around compound rate increases and loss cost trends collectively give rise to the related topic of current year loss ratio picks or indications and the result in bookings. The strong market that we now enjoy, in conjunction with the significant underwriting transformation at AIG, has driven other aspects of the portfolio that affect loss ratios.
 In many lines and classes of business, the degree that cumulative rate changes have outpaced cumulative loss cost trend is substantial. And these lead to meaningfully reduced loss ratio indications between 2018 and the 2021 years. Unfortunately, this is where most discussions usually cease with external stakeholders. However, in reality, that is not the end of the discussion but merely the beginning.
 Some other aspects that can have material favorable implications towards the profitability of underlying businesses are, one, terms and conditions, which can rival price in the impact; two, a much more balanced submission flow across the insured risk quality spectrum, thereby improving rate adequacy and mitigating adverse selection; three, strategic capacity deployment across various layers of an insurance tower, which can produce preferred positioning and ongoing retention with the customer; and fourth, reinsurance that tempers volatility and mitigates net losses.
 Accordingly, even if modest loss ratio beneficial impacts are assigned to each of these nuances, they will additionally contribute to further driving down the 2021 indicated loss ratio beyond that signaled by rate versus loss trend alone. And these are real, and these are happening.
 So why are product lines booked at this implied level of profitability by any insurer? Well, there is at least 4 reasons. First, insurers assume the heterogeneous risk of others, and each year is composed of different exposures, rendering so-called on-level projections to be imperfect. Second, most policies are written on an occurrence basis, which means the policy language can be challenged for years, if not decades, potentially including novel series of liability. Third, many lines are extremely volatile and even if every insured is underwritten perfectly -- even if every insured is underwritten perfectly. And fourth, booking an overly optimistic initial loss ratio merely increases the chance of future unfavorable development. Therefore, these types of issues require prudence in the establishment of initial loss ratio picks for most commercial lines of business.
 Shifting now to our third quarter reserve review. Approximately $42 billion of reserves were reviewed this quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to approximately 90% of carried pre-ADC reserves. I'd like to spend a little time taking you through the results of our quarterly reserve analysis, which resulted in minimal net movement, confirming the strength of our overall reserve position.
 On a pre-ADC basis, the prior year development was $153 million favorable. On a post-ADC basis, it was $3 million favorable. And when reflecting the $47 million ADC amortization on the deferred gain, it was $50 million favorable in total. This means that our overall reserves continue to be adequate, with favorable and unfavorable development balanced across lines of business, resulting in an improved yet neutral alignment of reserves.
 Now before looking at the quarter on a segment basis, I'd like to strip away some noise that's in the quarter so we don't get overly lost in the details. One should think of this quarter's reserve analysis as performing all of the scheduled product reviews and then having to overlay 2 seemingly unrelated impacts caused by the receipt of a large subrogation recovery associated with the 2017 and 2018 California wildfires.
 The first of these 2 impacts is the direct reduction from North America Personal Insurance reserves of $326 million, resulting from the subrogation recoveries. As a result, we also had to reverse a previously recorded 2018 accident year reinsurance recovery in North America Commercial Insurance of $206 million since the attachment point was no longer penetrated once the subrogation recoveries were received.
 These 2 impacts from the subrogation recovery resulted in a net $120 million of favorable development. So excluding their impact restates the total General Insurance PYD as being $70 million unfavorable in total rather than the $50 million of favorable development discussed earlier. This is a better framework to discuss the true underlying reserve movements this quarter.
 This $70 million of global unfavorable stems from $85 million unfavorable in global CAT losses together with $50 million favorable in global non-CAT or attritional losses. The $85 million unfavorable in CAT is driven by marginal adjustments involving multiple prior year events from 2019 and 2020. The $15 million non-CAT favorable stems from the net of $255 million unfavorable from Global Commercial and $270 million of favorable development, predominantly from short-tail personal lines businesses within accident year 2020, mostly in our International book. Consistent with our overall reserving philosophy, we were cautious towards reacting to this $270 million favorable indication until we allow the accident year to season.
 North America Commercial had unfavorable development of $112 million, which was driven by Financial Lines' strengthening of approximately $400 million with favorable development and other lines led by workers' compensation with approximately $200 million, emanating mostly from accident years 2015 and prior and approximately $100 million across various other units. North America Financial Lines were negatively impacted by primary public D&O, largely in the more complex national accounts arena and within private not-for-profit D&O unit, in addition to some excess coverage mostly in the public D&O space, with 90% emanating from accident years 2016 to 2018.
 International Commercial had unfavorable development of $143 million, which was comprised of Financial Lines' strengthening in D&O and professional indemnity of approximately $300 million led by the U.K. and Europe, but the accident year impacts are more spread out. Favorable development was led by our Specialty businesses at roughly $110 million with an additional favorable of approximately $50 million stemming from various lines and regions.
 Now as Peter noted, the changes we've made to our underwriting culture and risk appetite over the last few years, coupled with strong market conditions, are now showing through in our financial results. U.S. Financial Lines, in particular, through careful underwriting and risk selection has meaningfully reduced our exposure to securities class actions or SCA lawsuits over the last few years.
 Evidence of this underwriting change is best seen through the proportion of SCAs for which the U.S. operation has provided coverage. In 2017, AIG provided D&O coverage to 67 insurers involved in SCAs, which represents 42% of all U.S. federal security class actions in that year. Whereas in 2020, that shrunk to just 18%, and through 9 months of 2021 is only 15 insurers or 14%. This is significant because roughly 60% to 70% of public D&O loss dollars historically emanate from SCAs.
 The North America private not-for-profit D&O book has also been significantly transformed. The policy retention rate here between 2018 and 2021, which is a key strategic target, is just 15%. And yet it should also be noted that the corresponding cumulative rate increase over the same period is nearly 130%. This purposeful change in risk selection criteria away from billion-dollar revenue large private companies and nonprofit universities and hospitals to instead a more balanced middle market book will also drive profitability substantially.
 International Financial Lines has implemented similar underwriting actions with comparable 3-year cumulative rate increases, along with a singular underwriting authority around the world as respect U.S.-listed D&O exposure through close collaboration with the U.S. Chief Underwriting Office.
 In summary, our reserving philosophy remains consistent in that we will continue to be prudent and conservative. This is evidenced by our slower recognition of attritional improvements in short-tail lines from accident year 2020 and from the sound decision to strengthen Financial Line reserves, even though there are some interpretive challenges stemming from a difficult claims environment, changes within our internal claims operations over the last couple of years and potential COVID-19 impacts on claim reporting patterns. All of these underwriting actions we've taken over the last few years make us even more confident in our total reserve position across both prior and current accident years.
 Moving on to Life and Retirement. The year-to-date ROE has been a strong 14.3% compared to 12.8% in the first 9 months of last year. APTI during the third quarter saw higher net investment income and higher fee income, offset by the unfavorable impact from the annual actuarial assumption update, which is $166 million pretax, negatively affected the ROE by approximately 250 basis points on an annual basis and EPS by $0.15 per share. The main source of the impact was in the Individual Retirement division associated with fixed annuity spread compression.
 Life Insurance reflected a slightly elevated COVID-19-related mortality provision in the quarter. But our exposure sensitivity of $65 million to $75 million per 100,000 population deaths proved accurate based on the reported third quarter COVID-related deaths in the United States. Mortality exclusive of COVID-19 was also slightly elevated in the period.
 Within Individual Retirement, excluding the Retail Mutual Fund business, net flows were a positive $250 million this quarter compared to net outflows of $110 million in the prior year quarter largely due to the recovery from the broad industry-wide sales disruption resulting from COVID-19, which we view as a material rebound indicator.
 Prior sensitivities in respect to yield and equity market movements affecting APTI continue to hold true. And new business margins generally remain within our targets at current new money returns due to active product management and disciplined pricing approach.
 Moving to other operations. The adjusted pretax loss before consolidations and eliminations was $370 million, $2 million higher than the prior quarter of 2020, driven by higher corporate GOE primarily from increases in performance-based employee compensation, partially offset by higher investment income and lower corporate interest expense resulting from year-to-date debt redemption activity.
 Shifting to investments. Overall net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.3 billion, an increase of $78 million compared to the prior year quarter, reflecting mostly higher private equity gains.
 By business, Life and Retirement benefited most due to asset growth, higher call and tender income and another strong period of private equity returns. General Insurance's NII declined approximately 6% year-over-year due to continued yield compression and underperformance in the hedge fund position. Also, General Insurance has a much higher percentage allocation to private equity and hedge funds, which is likely to change moving forward.
 As respect share count, our average total diluted shares outstanding in the quarter were 864 million, and we repurchased approximately 20 million shares. The end-of-period outstanding shares for book value per share purposes was approximately 836 million and anticipated to be approximately 820 million at year-end 2021 depending upon share price performance, given Peter's comments on additional share repurchases.
 Lastly, our primary operating subsidiaries remain profitable and well capitalized, with General Insurance's U.S. pool fleet risk-based capital ratio for the third quarter estimated to be between 450% and 460%. And the Life and Retirement U.S. fleet is estimated to be between 440% and 450%, both above our target ranges.
 With that, I'll now turn it back over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Great, Mark, thank you. Operator, we'll take our first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will begin with Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, when you guys -- Peter, when you make the comment that you think you'll hit sub-90% for full year 2022, and then you said that there would be runway for further improvement in future years, I'm just trying -- when you kind of think 2022 and beyond, what are you guys assuming for both pricing and loss trend as we kind of think out the next year and even beyond that time frame? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Well, thanks, Elyse. Let me answer the first part why we're so confident that the momentum that we have and the sub-90% combined ratio is achievable. When you look at this quarter and last quarter, just the improvement from the core of the businesses continues to improve at an accelerated pace. And Dave McElroy and the leadership team on the underwriting side, Shane who's now going to move into the CFO role driving AIG 200, just the execution has been terrific.
 And why we're confident it's just, again, the momentum when we look at the fundamentals of the business, we're growing top line. We talk, Mark and I, about that we're getting pricing above loss cost, developing margin, expense ratio. All of that goes into our confidence. We have higher retentions on a policy count, very strong new business and think that applied to quality. We have more relevance each quarter in the marketplace.
 And so the assumptions are modest. It's not that it has to stay in the same pricing environment. But it is one that we are going to continue to be very disciplined of driving profitability and making sure that where we're deploying capital, that on a risk-adjusted basis, we're going to be getting margin. So I think that -- again, I don't want to give guidance beyond that but feel that next year, we have the momentum. We're executing on all of our strategic imperatives, and we're delivering the results. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my follow-up on -- you guys said that the Life IPO should take place in the Q1, perhaps in the second quarter of next year. How do we think about capital return? I know you guys have laid out a plan for this year, but how should we think about capital return next year? And is that dependent on when and the ultimate size of what you bring to market with the Life and Retirement business and the IPO? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Well, we've been trying to give a lot of guidance in terms of what we intend to do in the short run because of a number of moving pieces. We have strong liquidity, which is what we had talked about in the prepared remarks. Some of the big moving pieces as we get to the back half of the year will be the affordable housing proceeds, the closing of Blackstone, the fact that we're going to continue to execute on debt reduction, share repurchases.
 And I think as we get to the fourth quarter call and we have a better line of sight in terms of what we think the actual timing will be on the IPO plus liquidity at year-end, we'll give further guidance as we move forward. But for now, I think we're just going to stick with what we've outlined, and we continue to execute on that each quarter. 
Operator: We'll now take the next question from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: I guess first question for Peter. You laid out a pretty conservative case for the frequency and severity of catastrophes. How should we think about what Validus Re is interested in writing in that context? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Thanks, Meyer. Well, I mean, Validus Re, since we've acquired them, we have not increased risk appetite. And as a matter of fact, they take a very conservative position in terms of their nets. And I think that was evidenced in the quarter in terms of our overall CAT number. That's number one.
 I think Chris Schaper and the team have done a terrific job of diversification on the portfolio. So we've reduced our aggregates in peak zones, such as Florida, significantly from the original portfolio that we acquired. We're getting better balance in the portfolio across the world, and that's with multiple perils and multiple geographies.
 So I think that, that continuation of that strategy of getting balanced diversification and making sure that we're not taking significant nets in the portfolio and making sure that we're driving risk-adjusted returns as we look to 1/1 is going to be very important for Validus Re. But we've been executing on that throughout the year. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Understood. And then as a follow-up for Mark, is there any way of describing the -- I mean you made a very strong case for conservatism in the current accident year loss picks. And I'm wondering how you're thinking about that level of conservatism in recent accident years as of 9/30. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Go ahead, Mark. 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Yes, thanks. Yes, thank you, Peter. Thanks, Meyer. Actually, we feel very good about accident year '20 and '21, I think the core of your question. And I think I've made a pretty strong case for the changes that have occurred, which I think have been, I think, pretty enormous on it.
 And interestingly, overall, I'm confident not just in the current accident years. I'm confident where we are now on the reserve position even and for Financial Lines and in total across the book. And you could kind of say, well, why are you confident? And there's a lot of reasons for it.
 I mean when Dave McElroy and his group got in here, they started making some pretty material underwriting changes step by step. And I think it's just endemic upon the analysis of it for not only the past years but the current year is to focus in on exactly what those changes were and then go back with a very tight eye to look at it. And that's exactly what we did. But the transformation of the book, as I itemized on private not-for-profit and public, has been enormous. So I feel very strongly about where we are on those recent years. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Mark, since you mentioned Financial Lines, I think maybe Dave can provide some context as to some of the changes and how he's looking at the portfolio. So Dave, maybe you can add to what Mark commented on. 
David McElroy: Yes. Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Mark. The -- I know it's probably top of mind, but the Financial Lines book has been one that has been stored at AIG. And most of you know I've been involved with P&L and Financial Lines for my entire 40-year career. So I've seen the bodies float by me. I've seen the strategies avowed and disavowed. And we knew exactly what we were doing when we came in here to look at this portfolio.
 So today, I would say that both North America and International are completely different and fundamentally different books than what we had in the '16 to '18 cohort years. That's personal to me. That's also Michael Price, who's running North America for us. But we did the things that are -- that matter, and we've been doing it across all of our lines of business in terms of risk selection, limit management, portfolio balance, the diligence on terms and conditions. Mark talked about a little bit on private, and then we're measuring it on claims.
 So the -- this is what this -- I view this as the story that we needed to complete. Mark hit our public company book. That is by and large the measure of a D&O underwriter. And if you're in the public company space, you're talking about your securities class action exposure, and the 67% of your annual loss costs are driven by those cases.
 So when you think about that, it's a math equation of 200 of these are normally filed out of 5,500 total public companies. So risk selection matters. What we found here was probably chasing premium versus chasing quality accounts. So we might -- we were overweighted in technology and life science and health care and new economy and unicorns trying to go public instead of trying to build a portfolio of what I'd consider to be stable, less volatile stocks.
 So from a company class industry standpoint, we gave some more definition to our underwriting teams about what they should be looking at and then trying to stay away from what I consider to be the target-rich environment of the plains thus far, which are stock volatility, market cap volatility and basically a ready-made securities class action case.
 So that's a lot of the re-underwriting that's been done. It's -- we knew it was going to take a little bit of time. The evidence of that is now showing up. We've taken out $65 billion of limits. We -- you've heard our story around $650 billion of limits taken out across the portfolio. $65 billion of it is in these products alone. And more importantly, and that's sort of often how I'm looking at the business is we took it out in primary D&O, okay?
 So the natural order of looking at large -- Fortune 500 companies used to be at $25 million. They're now at $10 million. 81% of our portfolio is at $10 million there versus what would have been $25 million 4 years ago. The same with a -- what I consider to be NASDAQ mid-cap, they were 15s and 10s. They're now $5 million. 66% of the book is now $5 million.
 So we've compressed limits. We've addressed the retention issue. We were trying to -- we recognize that M&A bump-up claims were actually affecting primary underwriters -- and I think that's been on other calls. They were affecting primary underwriters more disparately than excess underwriters. So we increased our retentions there.
 These are all the tools that were always available to us. We just actually pushed them forward. And I -- we're trying to get in front of it, but basically, we believe strongly that this portfolio today is a very different portfolio from a risk selection standpoint, from a balance perspective in terms of excess and side A versus primary versus the limits versus our controlling the aggregate.
 I would also sort of finalize that by saying this is a claims-made book. So in many ways, we'll actually know within that 3- to 5-year window all the work that's been done. And our frequency and severity has dropped dramatically in these '20, '21 years, not only in securities class actions, we're running at less than half. But because of limit management, we're running at 2/3 lower in terms of limits exposed to class action suits as well. So these the are tools... 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Dave, your passion is coming through very much. We probably want to take another question. 
David McElroy: And then, by the way, we have gotten compounded rate increases of 100%. So I apologize, that's... 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: That's terrific. Thank you. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Phillips: I'll be -- 2 quick ones, I think. Mark, your comments on, again, the loss pick thing. Number two was, I think, about well the current stuff and it's long-tailed, and that can lead to risk. And so we're going to be conservative, it looks like the industry. I think that was your number two. Can you tell us, has there been any kind of shift in your book given everything else you guys have done and -- from occurrence to claims-made in the Commercial Lines book? So anything noteworthy that would shift away from occurrence to claims-made? 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Great question, Michael. So I would say there's only a handful that are really claims-made, right? It's management liability, it's professional indemnity that really drive it, and super tough product liability case is really claims-made.
 It's one thing to shift it gross, it's another thing to ship it net, right? So as we've used different reinsurances over time, that changes the proportions. So we're comfortable with the mix of occurrence and claims-made. There's growth in Financial Lines, as Peter pointed out. And there's some growth in Excess Casualty. The nets are somewhat different but we think appropriate for what we're doing. 
Michael Phillips: Okay. Perfect. And then maybe just a real quick point on one, too, on the last question to Dave's answers in the professional lines. There's clearly lots of concerns in the past 18 months or so because of securities class actions and IPOs and SPACs. Would you say given all Dave's comments there that you think your exposure to that type of risk is pretty limited? 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Well, yes, I think how Dave explained it is the way the business actually flows, the business actually works. So the key thing is upfront identifying the right classes and the right risk, which they've really done, I think, exceptionally well. And then the second is what goes through the court systems. Given that you have SCAs, even though we are massively reduced in the SCAs, you got to go through all the motions to dismiss and other procedurals that take it there.
 So that's what Dave's comment about 3 plus -- 3 to 5 years has to work its way through the court system. But given our reduced exposure, back to a similar answer, that makes us feel so strongly about the recent accident years. 
Operator: Next question, Josh Shanker, Bank of America. 
Joshua Shanker: At the risk of being labeled a pariah, I'm going to go back to the D&O questions a little bit. Can we talk a little about the accident year picks, not necessarily for AIG, although it can be, what sort of combined ratios were '16, '17 and '18 producing in retrospect?
 We've seen tremendous pricing come through. Is D&O business broadly for the industry written in those years being written at a substantial underwriting loss? And the extent to which you took the reserve charges in this quarter, a lot of the business, I assume, was syndicated. Are the syndicates feeling the same kind of pain that you are? Or are you getting ahead of what you think are losses to come? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Mark, why don't you comment on Josh's question on loss ratios? And then I think Dave should talk about the pricing. 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Josh, I know you're speaking of business. And if you go back -- because speaking to the industry is a little different. I don't want to get out ahead of the industry, but I know you're a schedule fee guy. You go back and look at that, of course, that's U.S. only. And you can look direct, not just net. And that's a combination of management liability and professional, right, in there. But we know it's dominated by the management liability side.
 So you can go back and look at the annual statements through 2020 and get an idea. But with regard to syndication, and Dave will pick this up better than I will, but generally, primaries are 100% written. And as you go up the tower, there could be some co-participations, but it's not syndicated like in a huge property transaction the way you're thinking of it. But Dave, do you want to pick that up? 
David McElroy: Yes. Thanks, Mark and Josh. Yes, the only thing I'd say there is that you've seen a lot of variability in the schedule piece in terms of portfolios over the years. There can be 40- to 50-point differences consistently. So that speaks to risk selection and the portfolios. But that said, there's definitely verticality that's been happening in those years. That is showing up in the 2019 and 2022 -- 2020 years because the courts did not close for this motion to dismiss and the securities class action. So in fact, if you look at Cornerstone, there were the equal number of settlements in 2020 during COVID that there were in 2019.
 So verticality still exists in this business, market cap loss, disclosed damages and what that happens. So I think there's a lot of immaturity in those years that will continue to show up because the cases are still sort of fermenting. There's a 3- to 5-year window on these claims made. It all ties to the motion to dismiss, but they continue to be argued. I think what we saw was a lot of them were argued, and then when they're decided on -- in the client's behalf, then you start negotiating settlements, okay? If the company wins, they normally go away, therapeutics or defense costs, but that's still an unknown in that '16 to '18 cohort year as the verticality of loss for those cases, okay? A number of them got settled in '20. There's a number that are still getting settled in '21, and there'll still be a number that will be settled in '22. 
Joshua Shanker: I'm going to hold it to one question for you guys, and just congratulations on everyone's new role. 
Operator: Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: And if it's a financial question on the Financial Lines, it will be the last one because I'm going to have to turn it over to Dave again. 
Brian Meredith: I'll give you a broader-based one. Peter, if I look at the return on attributed equity for the General Insurance business right now, you had some corporate costs there. It's still below a double-digit return on equity. I guess my question is, is that your goal to achieve a double-digit ROE in that business? And what does the underlying combined ratio need to be in order to achieve that given the kind of current catastrophe outlook and interest rate environment? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Thanks, Brian. As we've said in the past, and I really have the same answer, which is we're really focused on driving the profitability earnings, reducing volatility. We're making great progress on the combined ratio, looking at the investment portfolio over time to have less volatility on the Property and Casualty side. We're working through the separation.
 And it's hard to give you an answer in terms of the absolute combined ratio and returns until we know all the math in terms of the numerator and denominator. Meaning we just need a little bit more time over the next couple of quarters to separate Life and Retirement, have the path of the IPO and the capital structure that we'll outline in more detail for you. But we know that, that is an important guidance in terms of when we are in future state, and we'll work towards that.
 But I think now with the number of moving pieces between the 9.9% in terms of what we're doing to set up the IPO and what we're doing with General Insurance in terms of growth, we see a lot of opportunities to grow with margin and with improved combined ratios over time. And so that's really the primary focus now that giving the ROE guidance once we know the variable is a little bit more fixed, we can do that. 
Brian Meredith: That's fair. And then just one other just quick one. Have you done any work or maybe just some general perspective on what LDTI could mean for your Life Insurance business? 
Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Well, we are in progress of implementing the new standards and working through it. And so we're analyzing the guidance that's been issued today, formulating approach. We know that we have the IPO coming up, so we have an enormous amount of resources on it. But it's really just too early for us to provide the estimates. But it's a key area of focus for the company and one that we'll give guidance as we get in subsequent quarters.
 Thanks, Brian. I think that's going to wrap it. Look, I really appreciate it. Appreciate the time. I want to thank all of our colleagues for all the great work, and I hope everybody has a great day. Thank you. 
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to AIG's Second Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Quentin McMillan. Please go ahead. 
Quentin McMillan: Thank you, Nora. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements, including comments related to company performance, strategic priorities, including AIG's pursuit of a separation of its Life and Retirement business, business mix and market conditions and the effects of COVID-19 on AIG. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. Actual performance and events may differ materially. 
 Factors that could cause results to differ include the factors described in our first quarter 2021 report on Form 10-Q, our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and other recent filings made with the SEC. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Additionally, some remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at www.aig.com. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Peter Zaffino, President and CEO of AIG. 
Peter Zaffino: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We have a lot of topics to cover this morning as we made significant progress on many initiatives over the last 90 days. 
 I will start today's remarks with an overview of AIG's outstanding consolidated financial results for the second quarter. Then I will review results for General Insurance and Life and Retirement in more detail. Following that, I will provide an update on the progress we're making on AIG 200 and the operational separation of Life and Retirement from AIG. 
 Next, I will provide details on the strategic partnership we announced with Blackstone in July, which represents a significant milestone for AIG and a major step forward towards the IPO of Life and Retirement. And lastly, I will provide an update on our capital management strategy where our near-term priorities remain the same as what I've outlined in the past: debt reduction, return of capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and investment in organic growth. Mark will provide additional details on the quarter and we'll then take questions. 
 Starting with our consolidated results, I'm pleased to report that AIG had an outstanding second quarter. We have sustained the significant momentum we had coming into 2021 through the first half of the year and delivered exceptional performance in General Insurance with strong top line growth and significant improvement in our combined ratios. Our pivot to growth and focus on demonstrating leadership in the marketplace accelerated through the second quarter as we continued to prioritize underwriting discipline, portfolio optimization, reducing volatility and growing in segments where market conditions are favorable and fall within our risk appetite. 
 We also saw very good results in our Life and Retirement business, primarily driven by improved investment performance. Life and Retirement's adjusted pretax income increased 26% year-over-year, and the business delivered a return on adjusted segment common equity of 16.4%. We continue to advance AIG 200 with the transformation remaining on track to deliver $1 billion in run rate savings across the company by the end of 2022 against a cost to achieve of $1.3 billion. And as you saw in our press release, our adjusted after-tax income in the second quarter was $1.52 per diluted share compared to $0.64 in the prior year quarter. 
 Turning to our financial results. I'll start with General Insurance. Growth in net premiums written was very strong in the second quarter, accelerating from the first quarter and continuing the trend that began in 2020 as our heaviest remediation efforts were nearing completion. Net premiums written increased 24% year-over-year to $6.9 billion or approximately 20%, excluding foreign exchange. Growth was strong across both Global Commercial and Personal. Global Commercial net premiums written increased 13%, excluding foreign exchange, reflecting growth in areas with attractive risk-adjusted returns, improving renewal retentions and more than 25% increase in new business compared to the prior year quarter and overall rate increases of 13%. 
 North America Commercial net premiums written increased 15%, excluding foreign exchange, including strong growth in Excess Casualty, Financial Lines, Retail Property, AIG Re and Lexington. New business increased 25% from the prior year quarter, led by Financial Lines and Lexington wholesale. And renewal retentions improved 300 basis points over the same period. It's worth noting that Lexington had its strongest quarter of new business since we fully repositioned its operating model to focus on wholesale distribution and Excess & Surplus Lines. This business has significant momentum, which we expect will continue for the foreseeable future. 
 Shifting to International Commercial. Net premiums written grew 10%, excluding foreign exchange, primarily driven by Financial Lines across the U.K., EMEA and Asia Pacific; global specialty, particularly marine and energy; and Talbot, our Lloyd's syndicate. New business increased 26% from the prior year period, led by Financial Lines, marine, energy and Talbot. And renewal retentions increased by 500 basis points over the same period. It's important to emphasize that the growth we are achieving across Commercial is aligned with our risk appetite that we have been executing against over the past 3 years. 
 We continue to prudently deploy limits, including with respect to new business, with an intense focus on risk aggregation. In addition to strong retention, our growth is being driven by exceptional new business, which in Global Commercial was $1 billion in the second quarter. With respect to Personal Insurance, as we discussed on last quarter's call, the unusually high growth in net premiums written was largely reflective of the creation of Syndicate 2019 in the second quarter of 2020 and the reinsurance cessions associated with creating that syndicate. 
 Turning to rate. Momentum continued with overall Global Commercial rate increases of 13%. North America Commercial rate increases were 13% with the most notable improvements in Excess Casualty, which was up 20%; Lexington Casualty, which was up 19%; and Lexington wholesale property, which was up 15%. International Commercial rate increases were also 13%, driven by Financial Lines, which was up 21%; property, which was up 18%; and energy, which was up 16%. 
 Across the global portfolio, the largest rate increases were in cyber, where rates were up almost 40% with the strongest rate increases in North America. We continue to carefully reduce cyber limits and are obtaining tighter terms and conditions to address increasing cyber loss trends, the rising threat associated with ransomware and the systemic nature of cyber risk generally. Underwriting excellence, thoughtful risk selection, tighter terms and conditions and improving rate adequacy have been core areas of focus as we transformed our portfolio. 
 The General Insurance accident year combined ratio ex CAT improved for the 12th consecutive quarter, coming in at 91.1%, an improvement of 380 basis points from the second quarter of 2020 and an improvement of 990 basis points from the second quarter of 2018. This improvement was comprised of 160 basis point improvement in the accident year loss ratio ex CAT and a 220 basis point improvement in the expense ratio as AIG 200 and the benefits of premium growth continued to contribute to profitability. 
 Global Commercial achieved an accident year combined ratio ex CAT of 89.3%, an improvement of 500 basis points year-over-year. This is the best result Commercial has reported in the last 15 years. In Personal Insurance, the accident year combined ratio ex CAT was 95.1%, a 70 basis point improvement over the prior year quarter. 
 Now just a quick comment on reinsurance purchased across General Insurance, where we continue to evolve our reinsurance program to reflect our significantly improved underlying portfolio. In the second quarter, we were very active in the market with 25 specific layers on a variety of treaties placed. Notably, in nearly every instance, we were able to enhance our terms and conditions and our placements were at equivalent or improved pricing in a reinsurance market that is experiencing tighter terms and conditions and rate increases. 
 With respect to our property CAT program in particular, we took the opportunity in the second quarter to further reduce our per occurrence attachment point in North America through several buy-down CAT layers for peak zone exposures. Lastly, on General Insurance, we remain confident that we will achieve a sub-90% accident year combined ratio ex CAT by the end of 2022. 
 Based on the progress that I've seen in our underwriting, the ongoing efforts in optimizing our portfolio, the terrific execution of AIG 200 and the significant momentum we've developed, I'm optimistic we'll get there sooner. As we move through the second half of the year and get further into AIG 200 in separation execution, we will provide further comment on our combined ratio expectations. 
 Now let me turn to AIG Re, which oversees our global assumed reinsurance business. Net premiums written across all lines increased more than 30% in the second quarter compared to the prior year period. Writings were balanced across multiple lines of business with risk-adjusted returns and underwriting ratios improving across the portfolio. Highlights of AIG Re's second quarter results include the following. In U.S. property CAT, we saw rate improvements across all U.S. property business sectors. Increases range from mid-single-digits to upwards of 25%, depending on geography and loss-affected accounts. 
 In Florida, Validus Re net limits at June 2021 were reduced by more than 40% in coordination with AlphaCat. Since AIG's acquisition of Validus Re in 2018, we reduced the overall limit in Florida by more than 65% or approximately $400 million of annual limit, demonstrating Validus Re's continued discipline and focus on volatility reduction. Further, Florida-specific firms now represent less than 2% of Validus Re's total net premiums written. Our focus remains on regional and nationwide firms in the U.S. as well as international diversification. 
 In addition, in 2020 and through the second quarter of 2021, less than 25% of AIG Re's net premiums written came from property lines. Building on our retrocessional purchase on 1/1 of worldwide aggregate protection, Validus Re secured further retrocessional protections in June. Specifically, we purchased more peak zone coverage for U.S. wind, Asia wind and California earthquake for the 2021 season. Overall, we have substantially enhanced our portfolio despite heightened competition. 
 We're very pleased with how AIG Re has evolved. We have exceptionally strong intermediary market support as well as strong client relationships, which have resulted in significant renewal retention and signings. In addition, we've upgraded the talent across the board and have broadened the skill sets of our leaders. We believe this business is much more prepared to assess and opportunistically respond to market conditions. 
 Turning to Life and Retirement. This business once again delivered very strong results. Life and Retirement's broad leadership position across products and channels enabled us to take advantage of the significant rebound in retail annuity sales with total annuity sales up significantly across our entire annuity offering. Our strong sales resulted in positive Individual Retirement annuity net flows during the quarter. Group Retirement deposits were higher compared to first quarter 2021 levels. And second quarter 2021 new plan participant enrollments increased 20% year-over-year. 
 As demonstrated regularly in recent quarters, our high-quality investment portfolio is well positioned to navigate uncertain environments. Our variable annuity hedging program has continued to perform as expected, providing downside protection during prolonged periods of volatility. Finally, the strategic partnership with Blackstone further positions Life and Retirement to expand its distribution relationships, enhance its product offerings, and the business will benefit from Blackstone's significant capabilities. 
 Now let me turn to AIG 200, our global multiyear effort to position AIG for the long term. AIG 200 is continuing with a sense of urgency with all 10 operational programs deep into execution mode. We're 18 months into the transformation. And we have a clear execution path to $1 billion in run rate cost savings with $550 million already executed or contracted, $355 million of which has been recognized to date in our income statement. AIG 200 continues to build a strong foundation across the company and instill a culture of operational excellence. 
 Turning to the separation of Life and Retirement. We made considerable progress in the second quarter with a focus on speed execution with minimal business disruption. Our separation management office has identified day 1 requirements for Life and Retirement to become a stand-alone company and multiple work streams are under way. This work includes aligning our investments unit with Life and Retirement and preparing for the Blackstone partnership to close. The speed with which our colleagues have moved would not have been possible without the foundational work that's been done as part of AIG 200. 
 As I've discussed on prior calls, an IPO of up to 19.9% of Life and Retirement was our base case since we announced our intention to separate the business from AIG last October. And we continue to believe an IPO will maximize value for our stakeholders and position the business for additional value creation as a public company. I also noted on our last call that following our announcement, we received several credible inquiries from parties interested in purchasing a minority stake in Life and Retirement as well as our entire investment management group. One of those parties was Blackstone. 
 We ultimately decided not to pursue the original proposed transactions because we determined that selling the entire investment management group was not in the long-term interest of Life and Retirement. And some of the proposals also contemplated significant reinsurance transactions ahead of an IPO, which we didn't believe would optimize the outcome for shareholders at this stage in the process. In June, Blackstone reengaged with us to determine if we could find a mutually beneficial way to partner that would further our goals for the separation of Life and Retirement. These discussions led to the announcement of the strategic partnership we entered into in mid-July. 
 We continue to work with a sense of urgency towards an IPO of the Life and Retirement business. Following the 9.9% equity investment by Blackstone, the IPO will likely be the first quarter of 2022 event, subject to required regulatory approvals and market conditions. We previously viewed the fourth quarter of this year as the earliest in IPO would occur with the first quarter of 2022 as a more likely outcome. So our time line is essentially unchanged even with the announced Blackstone transaction. 
 Additionally, the gain on sale of Affordable Housing, coupled with other factors, provides us with the flexibility to sell down beyond 19.9% as we now expect to fully utilize our foreign tax credits in 2022. This development facilitated our partnership with Blackstone and, as a result, made it more compelling compared to structures we considered since our separation announcement last October. We believe that we are better positioned to accelerate operational separation. And as a result, Life and Retirement will be more comprehensively established as an independent company when the IPO occurs. 
 Now let me provide additional detail on the Blackstone partnership, which represents a significant milestone for AIG and provides meaningful momentum for the IPO of Life and Retirement. As I mentioned, this partnership represents the culmination of discussions that took place over the last year on several strategic initiatives, and we view it as very beneficial for AIG and Blackstone. Blackstone's leadership has indicated for some time that insurance is a key strategic priority for their firm. And the investment Blackstone is making in our Life and Retirement business is the single largest corporate investment the firm has made in its 35-year history. And Life and Retirement is now Blackstone's single largest client. 
 This substantial commitment by Blackstone highlights the strength of Life and Retirement's business, Blackstone's belief in the value of the investment and it's a validation of Life and Retirement's market-leading position. Furthermore, Jon Gray, President and COO of Blackstone, was directly involved in the negotiations. He has been a great partner throughout and will join the Board of Directors of the IPO entity at the closing of the equity investment, which we expect to occur in September. 
 Let me recap some of the terms of the transactions and how we're thinking about future capital structures for AIG and Life and Retirement as stand-alone businesses. Blackstone will acquire a 9.9% cornerstone equity stake in the holding company for AIG's Life and Retirement business for $2.2 billion in an all-cash transaction. The purchase price is equivalent to a multiple of 1.1x the target pro forma adjusted book value of $20.2 billion. 
 The adjusted book value reflects the combined book value of our Life and Retirement business and a majority of our investments unit as well as the financing arrangements to be undertaken and the amounts to be paid from that entity to AIG just prior to the IPO. As we look to the permanent structure of the IPO entity, we will be raising debt at this entity, consistent with its ratings and peer leverage ratios. The new debt will be used to pay down AIG debt such that the debt stack at AIG and at the IPO entity will both be in line with each company's peers and what we view as the optimal debt-to-total capital ratio for each company. 
 Life and Retirement will also enter into separately managed account agreements, or SMAs, with Blackstone, whereby Blackstone will manage $50 billion of specific asset classes with that amount growing to $92.5 billion over a 6-year period. Lastly, as I alluded to earlier, we sold certain Affordable Housing assets to Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust for $5.1 billion in an all-cash transaction, which is expected to close by the year-end 2021. 
 Turning to capital management. We ended the second quarter with $7.2 billion of parent liquidity. The net proceeds from the Blackstone transactions resulted in additional liquidity of $6.2 billion to AIG by year-end 2021. Through the remainder of this year, we plan to pay down $2.5 billion of AIG debt and buy back at least $2 billion of common stock. As we announced in our press release, the AIG Board has authorized additional share repurchases, which, together with the remaining approximately $1 billion left on our prior authorization, brings our total stock buyback authorization to $6 billion. 
 Together, these capital management actions demonstrate our commitment to delever and return capital to shareholders. In addition, the strength of our overall capital position leaves us with ample capacity to continue to invest in growth, particularly in General Insurance, where market conditions continue to be extremely favorable. 
 Now I'll turn it over to Mark to provide more detail on the quarter. 
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter of 2021, AIG reported adjusted pretax income, or APTI, of $1.7 billion and adjusted after-tax income of $1.3 billion. We produced an annualized return on adjusted common equity of 10.5% for AIG, 12.3% for General Insurance and 16.4% for Life and Retirement. 
 The annualized return on adjusted tangible common equity was 11.6% for the quarter. On a GAAP basis, AIG reported $91 million of net income with the principal difference between GAAP and adjusted after-tax income of $1.3 billion being the accounting treatment of Fortitude, net investment income and associated realized gains and losses. 
 Before I move to General Insurance though, I'd like to add to Peter's remarks on the Blackstone SMA. This arrangement incorporates specific specialty asset classes comprised mostly of private credit, alternatives and structured products, where Blackstone is a world leader in sourcing and origination and has a demonstrated track record of delivering yield uplift and not public fixed income securities. 
 The fee structure is 30 basis points on the initial $50 billion of AUM, increasing to 45 basis points for the annual new AUM of $8.5 billion starting 4 quarters later as well as for the reinvested run-off AUM. Therefore, fee should rise from 30 basis points initially towards 43 basis points by the end of the initial 6-year contract term for Blackstone's share of the assets. For this part of our portfolio, it's fair to expect that fees will somewhat precede the benefits of the impact of enhanced origination and differentiated asset classes and recognition of related yield uplift. 
 We believe this SMA arrangement is unique in that L&R maintains control over its overall asset allocation, asset-liability management, liquidity and credit profile and the nature of individual investment structures. In addition, Life and Retirement has the opportunity to enhance overall investment management by focusing on improving efficiencies and asset classes that are not part of the SMA as well as optimizing performance across the whole portfolio. We believe the combination of these efficiencies, together with the Blackstone focus on maximizing the performance of SMA assets and growth opportunities on the overall AUM, should drive net yield uplift. 
 Before leaving the Blackstone transaction, I want to note that a GAAP loss on sale is anticipated with a 9.9% equity purchase by Blackstone as well as with subsequent IPO sell-downs due to the inclusion of OCI and GAAP book value. Given that OCI in future periods is subject to market fluctuations, the impact cannot be fully estimated at this time. 
 As respects Affordable Housing, note that the $5.1 billion purchase price translates to an approximate $3 billion after-tax gain on sale, which will benefit book value and provides approximately $4 billion of cash to parent with a minority portion held back in a regulated Life and Retirement entity to further strengthen an already historically strong RBC level. This transaction is expected to close by year-end 2021. 
 Moving to General Insurance. Second quarter adjusted pretax income was $1.2 billion, up $1 billion even year-over-year, primarily reflecting increased pretax underwriting income of over $800 million, along with $200 million and change of increased pretax net investment income, driven primarily by private equity returns. Catastrophe losses of $118 million were significantly lower this quarter compared to $674 million in the prior year quarter. 
 Prior year development was $51 million favorable this quarter compared to favorable development of $74 million in the prior year quarter. This included $58 million of net favorable development in North America and $7 million of net unfavorable development in International, both of which reflect marginal changes in the underlying operations. As usual, there is net favorable amortization from the adverse development cover, which amounted to $49 million this quarter. 
 It's important to put in context though the recent strength of the property and casualty market and how General Insurance has executed within this environment. As Peter mentioned in his remarks, the book has had nearly 3 turns at correction since 2018. Risk appetite and risk selection have been materially sharpened. Complementary and properly evolving reinsurance programs have been implemented. Certain lines and segments were exited or massively reduced. Clearer and broader distribution has been embraced. And Lexington has been stood up as a major E&S platform. 
 All of this was accomplished while simultaneously achieving significant rate in excess of loss cost trends with materially better terms and conditions. These actions formed the foundation as to why General Insurance has shown material improvement in the underlying accident year ex CAT combined ratios in both the historically underperforming North America Commercial segment and the International Commercial segment as well. 
 North America Commercial has shown a 620 basis point improvement in the accident year ex CAT combined ratio over the prior year quarter. The International Commercial segment has continued to improve profitability with 370 basis points improvement compared to the prior year quarter. This shows demonstrable margin improvement stemming from the totality of the actions enumerated earlier. And this level of Global Commercial improvement is noteworthy as Global Commercial made up 71% of worldwide net premiums written through the first half of 2021. 
 Additionally, the Global Commercial book is increasingly becoming a global specialty book comprised of below-frequency, high-severity coverages. As a result, General Insurance Commercial, although large and global in scope, is not a mere index of the market, but instead an underwriting company, where risk selection and business mix are important factors in achieving profitable growth while mitigating volatility. 
 Turning to Personal Insurance. As we noted on our first quarter earnings call, our year-over-year net premium written comparison for the second quarter would improve, given the timing of the initial COVID-19 impact and the distortions from Syndicate 2019 being reflected also during the second quarter of 2020. Global Personal Lines net premiums written grew by approximately 45% or 41% on a constant dollar basis, aided by the Syndicate 2019 comparison. 
 Elsewhere within the segment, the second quarter of 2021 North America Personal Insurance saw premiums in travel and warranty business increase. This was driven by a rebound in travel activity and increased consumer spending but not yet back to the pre-pandemic levels. Our outlook for net premiums written for the next 6 months in North America Personal Insurance is between $450 million and $500 million per quarter. 
 We continue to anticipate earned margin expansion throughout 2021 and into 2022, resulting from AIG's favorable underwriting actions taken and global market conditions involving strong rate increases well above loss trend, improved terms and conditions and a more profitable, less volatile mix. Given the specific market dynamics of where we choose to play, we don't foresee any material slowing-down in achieved rate levels throughout the balance of the year. 
 Now I'd like to comment a bit on inflation, which one needs to think about in terms of both economic and social inflation. Based on the Consumer Price Index and the Producer Price Index, headline inflation indicates an annualized rate of about 5.5% to 7.5%, which has accelerated since March. Some components of the indices have become worrisome, such as used cars and trucks being up about 45% and energy commodities being north of 40%. But medical care services, whose impact stretches across most casualty, auto, workers' compensation and excess placements, although higher, are much more tame than headline inflation would indicate with physician services up about 4% recently and hospital services up about 2.5%. 
 Costs involving labor, materials, construction and related services are up and will impact property coverages and CAT claim costs in the near term. These indications demonstrate that the inflationary impact on any given insurer is a direct function of the products and the mix they write and where they play within an insurance program. Social inflation, however, is much more of a U.S.-centric phenomenon, driven by a highly litigious culture. Social inflation also has correlations to social change initiatives, including income inequality and changing sentiments towards business, to name a few. 
 Being further away from risk though is a meaningful inflation counter. And AIG's General Insurance has taken strong preemptive action in that regard by minimizing lead umbrellas in favor of higher positions within insurance programs. For example, our Excess Casualty average attachment points for national and corporate U.S. accounts have increased approximately 3.5x and 5.5x, respectively, since 2018. This significantly increased distance from attaching is a key overall portfolio benefit. Taken all together, a U.S. view towards a total inflation rate of 4% to 5% is arguably reasonable for the near to medium term. Our second quarter rate increases, together with our view of pricing for the rest of the year, provide continued margin in excess of this loss cost trend. 
 Now turning to Life and Retirement. When compared with the prior year, favorable equity markets drove higher alternative investment returns, principally higher private equity returns, which reflect the impact of the 1 quarter lag on the period. Life Insurance continues to reflect the COVID-19-related mortality provision that has dropped relative to the prior quarters. We estimate our exposure to the population is approximately $65 million to $75 million per 100,000 population deaths. Mortality, however, exclusive of COVID-19, continues to be favorable compared to pricing assumptions. 
 Within Individual Retirement, excluding the Retail Mutual Fund business, net flows were positive for the quarter and favorable by over $1.2 billion when compared with the second quarter of 2020, led by Index Annuities rebounding to be higher by approximately $700 million with Variable Annuity net flow being about $365 million stronger year-over-year. Group Retirement premiums and deposits were up with net flows being relatively flat while also experiencing an improved surrender rate sequentially. 
 The Life business has seen consistent premiums and lower lapse surrender rates over the last 4 quarters than prior. And for Institutional Markets, premiums and deposits were up compared to the prior year and sequentially. GIC issuance was also higher both sequentially and year-over-year. And we executed several large pension risk transfer transactions during the quarter. The pipeline for pension risk transfer opportunities, both direct and through reinsurance, remain very strong in both the U.S. and in the U.K. 
 We continue to actively manage the impacts from the low interest rate and tighter credit spread environment. And our earlier provided range for expected annual spread compression has not changed as our base investment spreads for the second quarter were within our annual 8 to 16 point guidance. Further, new business margins generally remain within our targets at current new money returns due to active product management and a disciplined pricing approach. Lastly, post June 30, we closed on the sale of our Retail Mutual Fund operation. As you are aware, Retail Mutual Funds has contributed negative net flows over the last 2 years, and the drag from this will now cease. 
 Moving to Other Operations. The adjusted pretax loss was $610 million, inclusive of $94 million from consolidation and elimination entries, which principally reflect adjustments offsetting investment returns in the subsidiaries, which are then eliminated at Other Operations. Before consolidations and eliminations, the adjusted pretax loss was $516 million, $184 million worse than the second quarter of 2020. But that quarter included 2 months of Fortitude Re results of $96 million. 
 In addition, during the second quarter of 2021, we also increased prior year legacy loss reserves by a net $65 million, driven mostly by Blackboard exposures. And we increased our incentive program accrual to reflect the strong performance year-to-date, whereas in 2020, we began adjusting our incentive program accrual in the third quarter. After applying these adjustments, the comparison is actually favorable year-over-year. 
 Shifting to investments. Overall net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.2 billion, virtually flat from the second quarter of 2020. But again, adjusting the second quarter of 2020 for Fortitude net investment income over that 2-month period, this quarter's net investment income was $362 million higher than the prior year, reflecting strong private equity returns at an annualized 27% return rate for the quarter and hedge fund results at a 21% annualized return rate for the quarter, along with stable interest and dividend income. 
 Turning to the balance sheet. At June 30, book value per common share was $76.73, up 7% from 1 year ago. Adjusted book value per common share was $60.07 per share, up 7.5% from 1 year ago, driven primarily by strong operating performance. And adjusted tangible book value per common share was $54.24, up 8.1% from a year ago. As Peter noted, at quarter end, AIG parent liquidity was $7.2 billion. During the second quarter, we made a $354 million prepayment to the U.S. Treasury in connection with certain tax settlement agreements emanating from the pre-2007 period as well as completed debt tenders for an aggregate purchase price of $359 million. 
 Our debt leverage at June 30 was 27% even, down 140 basis points from the end of 2020 and down 360 basis points from June 30, 1 year ago. Our primary operating subsidiaries remain profitable and well capitalized. For General Insurance, we estimate the U.S. pool fleet risk-based capital ratio for the second quarter to be between 460% and 470% and Life and Retirement is estimated to be between 440% and 450%, both above our target ranges. 
 Lastly, as respects tax, I want to reiterate that the remaining net operating loss or NOL portion of AIG's DTA at the time of deconsolidating L&R for tax purposes will still be available to offset future General Insurance and/or AIG taxable income through their natural expiration. As of June 30, that portion of the DTA totaled $6.3 billion and is available to offset up to $30 billion of taxable income. Upon tax deconsolidation, what will cease is the ability to utilize up to 35% of Life Insurance company income against NOLs or any remaining FTC. 
 With that, I will now turn it back over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Mark. Operator, we'll go to question and answer. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, Peter, you said you guys could get to that sub-90% margin target within General Insurance perhaps sooner than expected. I was hoping you could expand on that just in terms of time frame. And when you make that comment, are you assuming stable pricing and inflation kind of remains around 4% to 5% based off of what Mark said into 2022? 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Elyse. I've talked about it in the past that there's many components that are going to drive improved combined ratio. The first is the absolute underwriting performance, and we're seeing that come through in what Mark covered in his script in terms of severity, attritional losses and just less volatility. In addition, we have seen strong top line growth and believe that's in the Commercial side. We're in that market now and see that continuing. 
 We need less reinsurance that we once needed because of the makeup of the portfolio. So those are all tailwinds. And then in addition to that, you have AIG 200, which I gave some numbers on my prepared remarks that we have real tailwinds there. Not only are we going to continue to have a clear sight in the overall path to $1 billion, but it's starting to earn through in the income statement and just our overall expense discipline. 
 So we don't heavily rely on one component. There's 4 to 5 that drive it. And no, it does not require us to be in the same rate environment. I mean you have to be in the range on the social inflation and loss cost inflation. But we watch that all the time and believe that we have a lot of momentum. And I'll give more guidance specifically in the next couple of quarters. I mean, the momentum I've seen and the excellent job that Dave McElroy and the entire leadership team have done in General Insurance is a real differentiator. And the momentum they have is tremendous. So it just leaves me with a lot of optimism. 
Elyse Greenspan: Great. And then my second question, in terms of Life and Retirement, now that you did this initial sale with Blackstone and you emphasized using most of the foreign tax credits, so it sounds like tax considerations won't impact the amount of L&R that you guys bring to the public market. Do you have a sense of how much you're going to bring on to the public market? And then in terms of the proceeds, do you guys get there? Since you're paying down $2.5 billion of debt now, will the majority of the proceeds from future transactions just be used for buyback and organic growth? 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thanks, Elyse. In terms of the timing, as I said, we're targeting a first quarter IPO. We're working really hard on the operational separation. We'll close with Blackstone, who's going to be a tremendous partner for us, we hope, in July. And so working over the next 6 months to position Life and Retirement to have a very successful IPO is the primary focus. 
 Second is we have to think about, I said in my prepared remarks, of like the regulatory environment and the market itself. So that will really dictate in terms of how much we do. And it just gives us a lot of flexibility to accordion it up if there's really favorable market conditions or just to go in with a -- we wouldn't go to an IPO with a 9.9%. We'll do something larger than that. But the size, timing, we'll continue to give you guidance as we get further along in the year with the progress that we're making. I don't know, Mark, if you want to add anything to the capital management, the debt. 
Mark Lyons: Just I think that -- I think the core point was to emphasize that this removes the constraint. So rather than on the specifics of the sizing, which as Peter said, which is very market-sensitive and contingent, but having that ability now to not have such a constraint is the main point we really wanted to push over. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Meyer Shields from KBW Investment Bank. 
Meyer Shields: First question on the Blackstone partnership. Can you give us a sense of what the internal expenses are that are comparable to the 30 and 45 basis points that will constitute the fees? 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Meyer, thank you for the question. I'll turn it over to Mark in a second. But I think that when we looked at the partnership with Blackstone, there was a variety of factors that went into it, certainly them making a commitment on the equity investment, making certain that Life and Retirement still maintained its authority and ability to shape the investments with Blackstone. So we contained that. A lot of the assets that we have or will transfer are classes that they have exceptional track records on, and so we're working through that. 
 We do believe that the AUM will grow over time with Life and Retirement. And so this will become a smaller percentage, and the base case was that not only with the Blackstone partnership that our overall business model will evolve to be more efficient over time. But Mark, maybe you could fill in a couple of the details of that. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Well, Meyer, as Peter said, the level of these specialty assets are usually much more labor-intensive and are always on the higher end of the scale, if you think of it in a rate card sense. And so that part is completely within expectations of what we would say. Within -- with our own internal structures, we would have also increasing costs as you graduate up to the overall asset class categories that they are experiencing for us. So there's some gap, but some of that cost accounting view is less clear than you think. But we know what the value we're going to be getting out of that is going to be more than worth it. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Understood. Second question, I guess, this is probably for Mark. I know the expense ratios in North American Personal have been distorted up until the second quarter because of, I guess, depressed travel insurance and the syndicate. Is the second quarter expense ratio run rate, are those representative of what we should see going forward? 
Mark Lyons: It's -- what I think that you're going to -- let me make a general statement first. And that is that I think Peter tried a position that's been -- and we may have said this a little bit in past calls. But you should think of the combined ratio gains on the Commercial side of being loss ratio and expense ratio driven and on the Personal Line side, more expense ratio driven. We've gotten a lot more stability in the loss ratios on there, so you'll continue to see that. But to the extent -- it's roughly a -- I would actually say you should anticipate the expense ratio to continue to improve in North America Personal. 
Peter Zaffino: And one thing I would add, Meyer, in terms of what Mark just noted is that the high net worth space is changing dramatically in peak zones. We expect to see a continued change in the Excess & Surplus Lines as more alternatives -- it was basically split in the second quarter between admitted and non-admitted new business. So that's just something that we're going to watch. I mean, there's no specific trends that are going to be substantially different than the guidance we've given. But there is some change in that business that we want to make sure with the market-leading position that we take advantage of solving problems for clients but also repositioning the portfolio to have less volatility. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. 
Erik Bass: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the asset management agreement with Blackstone and how you see this affecting Life and Retirement's NII over the next couple of years. It sounds like you expect some initial dilution. But when should this turn and start being accretive to NII? And also, will any of the assets they manage be used to support new business? And could this help you be even more competitive in your fixed indexed annuity offerings? 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Mark, why don't you start and then turn it over to Kevin in terms of talking about product? 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Thank you, Peter. Yes. And I think Kevin will have a few things to help you with there as well. So on the asset management, think of it this way, Erik. You've got the -- the uplift will come more delayed than the fees, to your point, firstly. And secondly is as the $50 billion of AUM is worked through, we have been thinking about it mostly, it takes 7 years for that runoff to turn over. As that occurs, it also shifts from 30 to 45 basis points. The $8.5 million annually that will also come in to take it to the 92.5% will be at 45 bps. So you kind of have that curve that I was alluding to in my prepared remarks. 
 So as a result of that, you're going to have a net yield uplift coming through as a function of when those investments can be made. So if you think of it, you're really -- at the end of year 1, you still have 85% of the original AUM still not turned over, which is why you get the delay aspect. But it's -- we expect that to chip away and close a lot sooner than you might think. But that -- the important point to remember is that L&R completely has that control. So the takeoff between the liquidity and the rating distributions and the asset distribution and capital trade-offs and so forth is all within the management discretion of L&R. Kevin? 
Kevin Hogan: Yes. Thank you. So Erik, I think what's important is to keep in mind that this is not a change in our portfolio strategy. This is an enhancement of our portfolio strategy. Blackstone has tremendous origination capability. And we believe that their ability to originate in these asset classes exceeds our current ability. And in addition to that, they have a broader range of assets within the subclasses. And the combination of their ability to originate with more capacity and also the breadth of their asset classes, we believe, will allow us to create new products to support transactions. 
 And our intention will be to work together to innovate strategies that will allow us to grow faster. We do not think of the balance sheet as static. We think about a growing balance sheet. And so rather than focusing just on the yield of this part of the portfolio, I think about the overall portfolio strategy. So again, this is not a change in our strategy. This is an enhancement of it, and that's how we think about it. 
Erik Bass: And then can you help us think about the level of new public expenses that Life and Retirement will have? And will these be able to be offset by savings elsewhere? And then how should we think about the level of expenses that are running through other ops that will remain with the parent, kind of post-separation? 
Peter Zaffino: Erik, let me handle that one. The guidance that I provided in the past and we'll stay with is that there are meaningful savings for Life and Retirement within AIG 200. That will be tailwinds to them. We had said around $125 million, Life and Retirement achieved some of that. But there's a big number left for us in terms of earning through that over the next 18 months. So think about roughly $100 million of AIG 200 benefits. Then there is allocations and parent service fees that goes over to Life and Retirement today that will either dissipate or we'll still have those services as we transition for Life and Retirement to become a public company. 
 So that's in the range of $75-plus million. So Kevin has a decent amount to invest towards building out the public company. And we think with other initiatives for expense savings through separation office that it should largely be neutral to Life and Retirement. And we think the synergies that exist within the remaining company, AIG, that it's neutral to beneficial. And we'll give more guidance as we get closer to the end of the year when we've done more work in the separation office. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank. 
Phil Stefano: Yes. Looking at the General Insurance book and mostly focused on Commercial, when we look at the gap in net written versus net earned, I mean, it's clearly there's a runway, just given where the pricing is today for the continued improvement in the underlying loss ratios there. How are you thinking about rate adequacy, the need to continue to push for rate versus just growing and dialing back the rate that you're getting now? Like how are you balancing these 2 dynamics? 
Peter Zaffino: Thank you very much for the question. Mark put a lot of comments in his prepared remarks. We watch loss cost inflation and margin on everything we do in terms of portfolio optimization. That's really what I refer to when I talk about how do we position General Insurance, particularly on the Commercial side, to have an optimized portfolio. We've had several years of rate increases. We're building margin. 
 And some specific lines of business have been getting more rate than others and they're the ones that need it. But it's something that Dave McElroy and the entire team spend every day thinking about and believe that there is absolute runway to continue to develop margin. But Dave, do you want to talk a little bit about how you're approaching it in some of the different segments of the business that you're focused on? 
David McElroy: Yes. Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Phil. Phil, the rate increase story is one you don't -- you want to make sure it's calibrated off of all the other things you're doing in the portfolio. So what we've done over the last 3 years is a lot of risk selection and terms and conditions and attachment point and account exposures and managing that. So if you fall in love with a singular rate increase number and you define your book, you ultimately probably end up adversely selected against. So you actually have to put that in context. 
 And I always use examples. It's like I might have gotten a 10% rate increase on a contractor in New York and I'm still chasing New York labor law, I will lose, okay? And for the industry, it's a little bit of like commercial auto. We've been getting rate increases in commercial auto for 8 years and we still haven't solved that problem. So rate increase can be a false positive. What we've done with a sort of technical understanding of it, looking at it and aggressively realizing that we have a large account book, upper middle-market book, and we need more rate to reflect the more complexity of that book. 
 So that's -- we think that's sustainable going into the latter part of this year, okay? We think we can accommodate what would be expected loss cost inflations. And at the same time, and this is what I've observed in the last quarter, is there's more pricing to the account, the account characteristics. Is it moderated? Yes, a little bit, okay? But it's moderated off of still over loss cost trends. And what I would say, when I look at my dispersion charts, we don't have the same outlier plus 30% up, but we have a swell of more of a plus 5% to 10%, plus 10% to 20%, plus 20% to 30% type of accounts that are basically aggregating in that in terms of rate reflecting the exposure. 
 The other piece, and I -- we have to be careful with it because we want to reflect our book and our clients. But we do -- we are in the multiyear phase of a re-underwriting and an influence in the market. And when you look at compounding and you look at the compounding that might exist in Excess Casualty or primary D&O, okay, or even programs, okay, these are numbers that are plus 93%, plus 86%, okay, plus 70% over a period of time of starting in late '18 to the first half of 2021. It's not a panacea, okay? If you're -- if I was trying to write investment banking E&O and I've got 90%, I probably would still lose. But I mean, it's a good baseline for the progress that we've done with the business. 
 The last thing I'd say is that we had a lot of new business this quarter. I think it was cited on a couple of calls. And remember, this is also being priced now with an elevated rate/price structure. So the same business 2 years ago or 3 years ago is now up that 30% to 40% when we can produce it as a piece of new business. And that's very much formed a lot of our success in this quarter was moving from remediation to an offensive point, capturing the quality of what AIG has with multinational claims reputation complexity and actually building off of that for the strongest new business we've had in a while. So that flows off of technical rate increases and our consistent view of that. But it's important to sort of lay that all out, so you understand that we're not -- we're really looking at this with the lens on all aspects of the business. So with that, I'll... 
Phil Stefano: Yes. That's very thorough. Look, maybe a quicker one... 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tracy Benguigui from Barclays. 
Tracy Dolin-Benguigui: I see that there is an IPO contingency in the Blackstone transaction. Is that just a timing thing? Or is the IPO contingency also considering a pricing floor for minority IPO proceeds or a minimum equity stake size? 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Tracy. No, the 9.9% is predicated on a strategic partnership that starts to accelerate all the things that we want to do to set Life and Retirement up to be a public company. And we're really focused on getting that done within the first quarter and making sure that the organization is set up to do that. And again, there's regulatory and market considerations that we'll always look at. But those are really the bigger ones than tying really what the cornerstone investor has brought to the table versus the eventual IPO. As Mark mentioned, we have a lot more flexibility because of the consumption of the foreign tax credits. And so 2022, we'll start to outline what we think will likely happen as we get closer to the end of the year. 
Tracy Dolin-Benguigui: Okay. Yes, I was just referring to some fine print in your 8-K that if the IPO didn't happen, there were some recourse. So I didn't know if there was something else that I should also be considering. 
Peter Zaffino: No. 
Tracy Dolin-Benguigui: Okay. Perfect. Look, anyone could trade growth for margin expansion, but you're at a spot where you're doing both. And I guess, the only place where I don't have visibility is your loss pick. So can you contextualize how your current accident year loss picks have been tracking maybe relative to last year and your 5-year average? 
Peter Zaffino: Mark, do you want to cover that? 
Mark Lyons: Sure. I guess, a couple of things. First off, we are viewing -- although we're showing substantial margin improvement on a quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year basis, we actually think we're being conservative in this. As I said, I think, on past calls, there has been a lot of change over the last 3 years, including some of the fundamental channels in which we get business. So we think we got every one of those correctly. 
 Nobody bats 1,000, so you wind up having a little bit of risk margin associated with each of the last several accident years. So we feel good overall. And we feel about the trajectory of the improvement and where it's coming from and that we're not booking and displaying things without having an appropriate risk margin associated with it. I hope that's helpful. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thanks, Mark. And I want to just thank everyone for joining us today. Before we end the call, I want to thank our colleagues around the world for what they've accomplished over the last 6 months, especially considering the challenges that have been presented in work remote environments. We have a talented, hardworking colleague base that's executing on multiple complex initiatives simultaneously, which I think makes us very unique, very proud of the team, remains very focused on ensuring quality in everything that we do and delivering significant value to all of our stakeholders. Have a great day. 
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone, for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's First Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. 
 At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. Today's call will cover AIG's first quarter 2021 financial results announced yesterday afternoon. The news release, the financial supplement and financial results presentation were posted on our website at www.aig.com, and the 10-Q for the quarter will be filed later today after the call. 
 Our speakers today include Peter Zaffino, President and CEO; and Mark Lyons, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have time for Q&A. David McElroy, CEO, General Insurance; and Kevin Hogan, CEO, Life and Retirement, will be available for Q&A.  
 Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements, including comments relating to company performance, strategic priorities, including AIG's intent to pursue a separation of its Life and Retirement business, business mix and market conditions and the effects of COVID-19 on AIG. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. Actual performance and events may materially differ. 
 Factors that could cause results to differ include the factors described in our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and our other recent filings made with the SEC. AIG is not any -- under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  
 Additionally, some remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino: Hello, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, I will start our call with a high-level overview of AIG's consolidated financial results for the first quarter. I will then review results from General Insurance and the significant progress we've made with our portfolio, which allowed us to pivot from remediation to growth heading into 2021. Following that, I will review first quarter results for Life and Retirement. I will then provide an update on the work we're doing on the separation of Life and Retirement from AIG. And lastly, I'll provide an AIG 200 update. Mark will give you more details on the financial results, and then we will take questions. 
 AIG had an excellent start to the year, and we have significant momentum across the entire organization. In the first quarter, we delivered outstanding performance in General Insurance. We saw continued solid results in Life and Retirement. We made meaningful progress on the separation of Life and Retirement from AIG, and we significantly advanced AIG 200 with the transformation remaining on track to deliver $1 billion in savings by the end of 2022 against the cost to achieve of $1.3 billion.  
 In addition, our balance sheet and financial flexibility remain exceptionally strong, allowing us to focus on profitable growth across our portfolio; prudent investments in modern technology and digital capabilities; separating Life and Retirement from AIG in a manner that maximizes value for our stakeholders and positions both companies for long-term success; and returning capital to our shareholders when appropriate.  
 As you saw in our press release, our adjusted after-tax income in the first quarter was $1.05 per diluted share compared to $0.12 in the prior year quarter. We ended the first quarter with parent liquidity of $7.9 billion, and we repurchased $92 million of common stock in connection with warrant exercises and an additional $270 million against the $500 million buyback plan we mentioned on our last call. We expect to complete the additional $230 million of that buyback plan by the end of the second quarter. 
 Turning to General Insurance. Net premiums written increased approximately $600 million year-over-year or approximately 6% on an FX constant basis driven by nearly $1 billion or a 22% year-over-year increase in our global commercial businesses. This 22% increase in global Commercial was driven by higher retentions; excellent new business production, particularly in international; strong performance in first quarter portfolio repositioning; and continued rate momentum.  
 North America Commercial net premiums written grew by approximately 29%, an outstanding result, due to a variety of factors, including increased 1/1 writings of Validus Re, continued strong submission flow in Lexington, rate improvement, strong retention and higher new business in segments we have been targeting for growth.  
 In addition, as a result of the improved quality of our North America Commercial portfolio and our improved reinsurance program, which now includes lower attachment points in North America, we did not need to purchase as much CAT reinsurance limit in 2021, the benefits of which will come through in future quarters.  
 International Commercial had an exceptionally strong first quarter with the year-over-year growth in net premiums written of approximately 13% on an FX constant basis. Increases were balanced across the portfolio with the strongest growth in International Financial Lines, followed by our Specialty business. Looking ahead, we expect overall growth in net premiums written for the remainder of 2021 to be higher than the 6% we saw in the first quarter of this year with more balancing growth across our global commercial and personal portfolios. 
   With respect to rate, momentum continued with overall global commercial rate increases of 15%. North America Commercial rate increases were also 15% driven by improvements in Lexington Casualty with 36% rate increases, Excess Casualty with 31% rate increases and Financial Lines with rate increases over 24%. International Commercial rate increases maintained strong momentum at 14% in the first quarter of 2021, which is typically the largest quarter of the year for our European business. These increases were driven by Energy with 26% rate increases; Commercial Property with 19% rate increases; and Financial Lines with 20% rate increases. 
   Turning to global Personal Insurance. Net premiums written in the first quarter declined 23% on an FX constant basis due to our Travel business continuing to be impacted by the pandemic as well as reinsurance cessions to Syndicate 2019, our partnership with Lloyd's. Adjusted for these impacts, global Personal Insurance net premiums written were down only 1.6% on an FX constant basis. We expect to see strong year-over-year growth for the remainder of the year with a rebound in global Personal Insurance as the effects of COVID subside, the repositioning and reunderwriting this portfolio nears completion and a full year of reinsurance cessions relating to Syndicate 2019 will be complete. 
 We are very pleased with the continued improvement in our combined ratios, including and excluding CATs. I don't need to remind everyone where we were when I outlined our turnaround strategy 3 years ago. In the first quarter this year, the adjusted accident year combined ratio was 92.4%, a 310 basis point improvement year-over-year, driven by a 440 basis point improvement in our adjusted commercial accident year combined ratio. The adjusted accident year loss ratio improved 160 basis points to 59.2%, driven by a 330 basis point improvement in global Commercial.
 The expense ratio improved 150 basis points, reflecting the impact of AIG 200 savings and continued expense discipline. We expect to continue to improve the expense ratio throughout 2021, particularly as we deliver on our AIG 200 programs.  
 To provide further color on combined ratio improvements, in North America, the adjusted accident year combined ratio improved to 95.6%, a 210 basis point improvement year-over-year. This reflects a 370 basis point improvement in the North America Commercial Lines adjusted accident year combined ratio, which came in at 93.9%.  
 In International, the adjusted accident year combined ratio improved to 90.2%, a 340 basis point improvement year-over-year. This reflects a 490 basis point improvement in the International Commercial Lines adjusted accident year combined ratio, which came in at 86.8%, a 150 basis point improvement in the International Personal Lines adjusted accident year combined ratio, which was 94%.  
 With respect to catastrophes, first quarter 2021 was the worst first quarter for the industry in over a decade in terms of weather-related CAT losses, largely due to winter storms in Texas. Net CAT losses in General Insurance were $422 million, primarily driven by the Texas storms and do not include any new COVID-related estimated losses for the first quarter.  
 Now let me touch on reinsurance assumed. As I noted, Validus Re saw strong 1/1 renewals across most lines, with attractive levels of risk-adjusted rate improvement. The team focused on prudent capital deployment and portfolio construction, while improving technical ratios and reducing volatility. With respect to April 1 renewals, within International Property, rate adjustments varied from mid-single digits to upwards of 30% on loss-impacted accounts, and our Japanese renewals were very successful with 100% client retention, net limits largely similar year-over-year and risk-adjusted rate increases, which were in the high single digits.  
 Before moving on, I want to highlight the quality and the strength of our General Insurance portfolio. Of course, optimization work will continue, but the magnitude of what was accomplished over the last 3 years is worth reflecting on because the first quarter of 2021 was an important inflection point for our team. Our focus pivoted from remediation to driving profitable growth.  
 These are a couple of concrete examples of how we have repositioned the global portfolio. Gross limits in global Commercial will reduce by over $650 billion. North America Excess Casualty removed over $10 billion in lead limits and increased writings in mid-excess layers in order to achieve a more balanced portfolio. And in Lexington, we repositioned this business to focus on wholesale distribution. The team grew the top line in 2020 for the first time in over a decade. The portfolio is now more balanced, and the submission flow has increased over 100% the last couple of years.  
 The enormity of the turnaround and the complexity of execution that was accomplished cannot be understated. We now have a disciplined culture that is grounded in underwriting fundamentals, a well-defined and articulated risk appetite. We remain laser-focused on terms and conditions and obtaining rate above loss costs. And we have an appropriate reinsurance program in place to manage severity and volatility. Our global portfolio is poised for improving profitability and more predictable results.  
 While all this was taking place in General Insurance, our colleagues in Life and Retirement did an excellent job, maintaining a market-leading position in the protection and retirement savings industry and, together with our investment colleagues, consistently delivered solid performance against the backdrop of persistent low interest rates and challenging market conditions.  
 Turning to Life and Retirement's first quarter. This business also had strong results. Adjusted pretax income in the first quarter was $941 million, and adjusted return on common equity was 14.2%, reflecting our diversified businesses and high-quality investment portfolio. The sensitivities we provided last quarter generally held up with respect to equity markets, 10-year reinvestment rates and mortality, although first quarter results were towards the higher end of our mortality expectations net of reinsurance and other offsets.
 We continue to actively manage impacts from the low interest rate and tighter credit spreads environment, and the range we previously provided for expected annual spread compression of 8 to 16 basis points has not changed. Our high-quality investment portfolio is well positioned to navigate uncertain environments, as demonstrated by our steady performance through the macroeconomic stress and high levels of volatility in 2020. And our variable annuity hedging program has continued to perform as expected, providing offsetting protection during periods of volatile capital markets.  
 We believe Life and Retirement is positioned to deliver strong, sustainable financial results due to the quality of its balance sheet, diversified product offerings and distribution, effective hedging programs and disciplined risk management.  
 With respect to the separation of Life and Retirement from AIG, we continue to work diligently and with a sense of urgency towards an IPO of up to 19.9% of the business. We made significant progress on several fronts, including preparing standalone audited financials and having an independent party conduct a thorough actuarial review. No concerns have been raised about Life and Retirement's portfolio as a result of this work.  
 As I noted on our last earnings call, we did receive a number of credible inquiries from parties interested in purchasing a minority stake in Life and Retirement and our Investment Management group. We conducted a robust evaluation of those opportunities to determine if they offered a better long-term outcome for our stakeholders than an IPO. At this time, we believe an IPO remains the optimal path forward to maximize value for our stakeholders and to position the business for additional value creation as a standalone company.  
 In addition, an IPO allows AIG to retain maximum flexibility regarding the operations of the business as well as the separation process. Overall, I'm pleased with the progress we've made.  
 Turning to AIG 200. All 10 operational programs are deep into execution mode. Our transformation teams continue to perform exceptionally well, despite the continued remote work environment. Recent progress on IT modernization has enabled us to reach the halfway point or $500 million of our run rate savings target. $250 million in cumulative run rate savings has been realized in APTI through the first quarter of this year, with $75 million of incremental savings achieved within the first quarter income statement.  
 Key highlights on our progress include the successful transition of our shared services operations in over 6,000 colleagues to Accenture at year-end 2020. This partnership is going extremely well, with KPIs at or better than pre-transition levels. We also negotiated a multiyear agreement with Amazon Web Services to execute on an accelerated cloud strategy, which is a significant step forward in modernizing our infrastructure. 
 And with the new highly experienced leader in Japan, we made significant progress during the first quarter on our AIG 200 strategy in Japan and are on track to finalize target outcomes as we modernize this business by developing digital capabilities with agile product innovation.  
 Before turning the call over to Mark, I want to thank our global colleagues for their resilience and excellent support of our clients, policyholders, distribution partners and other stakeholders. The last year, in particular, brought unimaginable stress and tragedy across the world. And for our colleagues that came during a time of significant and foundational change, yet they never lost sight of our purpose at AIG and continue to be focused and dedicated to the important work we do, each other and the communities in which we live and work, I could not be prouder of what we've achieved together.  
 We are in great businesses, have global scale, loyal clients, exceptional relationships with distribution of reinsurance partners, world-class experts and industry veterans, and we strive to be a responsible corporate citizen with a diverse and inclusive workforce that delivers value to our shareholders and all other stakeholders. I am confident AIG is on its way to becoming a top-performing company in everything that we do.  
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Since Peter has already provided a good overview of the quarter, I'll just add that we posted a 7.4% annualized adjusted return on common equity at the AIG level, an 8.2% adjusted return on tangible common equity at the AIG level, an 8.5% adjusted return on segment common equity for General Insurance and a 14.2% adjusted return on segment common equity for Life and Retirement.  
 Now moving to General Insurance. First quarter adjusted pretax income was $845 million, up $344 million year-over-year, primarily reflecting increased underwriting income in International as well as increased global net investment income driven by alternatives. Catastrophe losses totaled $422 million pretax or 7.3 loss ratio points this quarter compared to 6.9 loss ratio points in the prior year quarter. The CAT losses were mostly comprised of $390 million related to the winter storms, primarily impacting Commercial Lines, including AIG Re. The net impact of the winter storms reflects the benefit of our Commercial reinsurance program and changes to our PCG portfolio as a result of Syndicate 2019. 
  Overall, prior year development was $56 million favorable this quarter, which included $58 million of net favorable development in North America, driven by $52 million of favorable development from the ADC amortization and $2 million of net unfavorable development in International. It's worthwhile to note that General Insurance still has $6.6 billion remaining of the 80% quota share ADC cover. There was also, embedded within these figures, $33 million of unfavorable development related to COVID-19 claims that relate back to 2020 loss occurrences or a movement of less than 3%. Emanating primarily from Validus Re and Talbot are Lloyd's Syndicate. 
 Our General Insurance business continued to materially improve driven largely by strong accident year 2021 ex-CAT showings in both North America and International Commercial lines. So rather than double up on facts that Peter has shared, the main drivers of the attritional underwriting gain improvements were for North America Commercial, Lexington, Financial Lines, and Excess Casualty. And from International Commercial, the main drivers of improvement stem from Property, Talbot and Financial Lines. As Peter noted, on a global Commercial Lines basis, the accident year combined ratio, excluding CAT, was 90.4%, which represents a 440 basis point improvement over the prior year's quarter with 75% of that improvement attributable to a lower loss ratio and 25% of the improvement attributable to a lower expense ratio. 
  Turning to Personal Insurance. Starting in the second quarter of this year, meaning next quarter, our year-over-year comparisons will begin to improve, given the timing of the initial COVID-19 impact and the formation of Syndicate 2019 in May of 2020. Although North American personal lines had a 74% drop in net premiums written, as Peter highlighted, it's also important to understand that the other units within the segment, which represented nearly 50% of the quarter's net earned premium, is comprised mostly of Warranty and Personal A&H business had their net premium only fall off marginally. Our International Personal Lines business, which by size, dominates our overall global Personal Insurance business, continues to perform well with 150 basis points improvement in the accident year ex CAT combined ratio, reflecting an improved loss ratio and expense discipline. 
 Now to expand on some of Peter's marketplace commentary, various areas continued to accelerate the adequacy of achieved rate beyond that of prior quarters. For example, the level of Excess Casualty rate increases continued and then many units exceed prior results, such as CAT excess coverage out of Bermuda, North America Corporate and National Admitted Excess and the Lexington. The increase achieved in the first quarter of 2020 and compounded in the first quarter of 2021 alone, ignoring prior to 2020 rate increases, exceeded 150% for Bermuda-based capacity business, which makes sense given recent years' price efficiency on these capacity excess layers, and approximately 115% for the other mentioned units. U.S. Financial Lines on the same compound basis has seen an excess of 80% increases for the staples of D&O and EPLI. 
 Internationally, the 14% first quarter overall rate increase saw continued rate expansion in key markets such as the U.K. at plus 23%; Global Specialty at plus 15%; Europe and the Middle East at 14%; Latin America at 13%; and Asia Pacific also at 13%, when excluding the tempering influence of predominantly Japan at 3%.  
 Lastly, Cyber achieved our highest rate increase yet at 41% for the quarter. These increases are clearly broad based by region and line of business all around the world.  
 I'd now like to spend a few minutes on 2 observations: one, the impact of net rate change versus gross rate change; and two, some examples of new business rate adequacy relative to a renewal rate adequacy. So first, our achieved North America Commercial rate change for the quarter on a net basis is now estimated to be at least 150 basis points stronger than the corresponding gross rate change largely due to our increased net positions across selected product lines. 
 Last year, much of the achieved gross rate increase was being ceded to reinsurers, where now there is much less so. The shift to higher net positions resulted directly from our prior stated strategy of improving the gross book such that we had increased confidence to retain the appropriate amount of net, and because we could not take a higher net position previously because of the legacy imbalance of very large limits written.  
 Now moving on to relative rate adequacy. We see continuing indications in North America of new business having stronger relative rate adequacy over renewal rate levels in most lines of business. This likely doesn't reflect different class mixes, but instead an additional margin for a lesser-known exposure. However, this should be expected and is also historically supported given where we are in the underwriting cycle as new business is less established with an insurer versus an existing client renewal relationship.  
 A further related item involves renewal retention. As General Insurance implemented revised underwriting standards, renewal retentions predictably would have been impacted, especially in the target line. Now even with superior risk selection, rate and term condition changes that have been achieved, renewal retentions have improved to the mid-80% in the aggregate across all Commercial Lines in both North America and across internationally.  
 We also see improvement in the Lexington, where E&S has lower industry retentions based on the nature of the business, and this is very positive for the book, and we see it across Specialty lines and across most admitted retail books. This is indicative of the reunderwriting actions being successful, having settled down and now with General Insurance being comfortable with the underlying insured exposures that meet our risk appetite.
 Based on current market conditions and our view of the foreseeable future, we continue to anticipate earned margin expansion throughout 2021 and into 2022, resulting from AIG's favorable underwriting actions taken, favorable global market conditions, materially improved terms and conditions and a more profitable, less volatile business mix.  
 As a result, I would like to reconfirm our outlook for a sub-90% accident year combined ratio, excluding CAT by the end of 2022. Global Commercial Lines are very nearly at the sub-90% level now, and global Personal Lines is running at 96% for the first quarter. Given our portfolio composition, the market conditions and our strategic repositioning of North America Personal, we anticipate greater continued margin expansion within Commercial Lines than Personal Lines. We are highly confident that we will achieve our sub-90% target and have several paths to help us get there, some via mix, some via reasonable market conditions persisting and some via expense levers. 
 Now I'd also like to unpack some of Peter's high-level net written premium growth comments for 2021 with an emphasis here on next quarter -- second quarter. North America Commercial is expecting to see growth of approximately 10% for the second quarter of 2021 relative to the prior year quarter driven mostly from Lexington across a host of product lines and Admitted Casualty, both primary and excess. This growth will be two-pronged as growth on the front end will be coupled with lower reinsurance cessions, especially from those lines subject to the casualty quota share.  
 North America Personal is expected to see significant second quarter 2021 growth, but it is driven by the Syndicate 2019 reinsurance cession change that we've been signaling. You will recall, North American Personal had a negative $150 million net written premium in the second quarter of 2020 due to many Syndicate 2019 treaties becoming effective, including an unearned premium cover for the PCG high net worth book. That distortive spike in cession, which is not repeatable in the second quarter of 2021, will give the appearance of considerable growth but instead will provide a PCG net premium that is more stable on an ongoing basis. so overall, for North America, both Personal and Commercial combined, we anticipate net written premium growth between 35% to 40% for the second quarter over the second quarter of the prior year. International Commercial in the second quarter of 2021 is expected to be roughly plus 7% net written premium growth driven by Global Specialty, Financial Lines and Talbot, and International Personal is expected to be approximately flat relative to the prior year quarter. 
 Now turning to Life and Retirement. Adjusted pretax income increased by 57% or $340 million compared to the first quarter of 2020, with favorable equity markets driving higher private equity returns, lower deferred acquisition cost amortization, a rebound in most areas of sales and higher fee income. The increase also reflects favorable short-term impacts from tighter credit spreads, driving higher call and tender income and higher fair value option bond returns. This increase was partially offset by adverse mortality as U.S. COVID-related population death of approximately 205,000 in the first quarter were higher than earlier anticipated, which was also reflected in our own experience.  
 In terms of premiums and deposits, we continue to see encouraging improvement in retail sales. Individual Retirement premium and deposits grew 8% from the prior year quarter, which we consider a pre-COVID quarter, as the sales pipeline carried through March of last year, with index and variable annuities both exceeding prior year levels. 
 In Group Retirement, group acquisition deposits increased significantly from prior year, although both periodic and non-periodic deposits declined leading to a marginal reduction in overall gross group premiums and deposits of 2%. 
 In Life Insurance, premiums and deposits grew 6% overall with year-over-year growth in both the U.S. and international. 
 Finally, while Institutional Markets did not conclude any significant pension risk transfer transactions in the quarter, the pipeline of direct and reinsurance transactions going into the second quarter is very strong. particularly with many defined benefit plans nearing fully funded status.  
 Turning to net flows and related activity. Our portfolio reflects the dynamic environment quarter-by-quarter of the last year. Individual Retirement net flows improved by approximately $1 billion over the first quarter of 2020 driven by variable annuities and retail mutual fund. And yet when excluding retail mutual funds, net flows were positive, led by index annuities rebounding to be plus $1 billion for the quarter, which is vertically identical to 1 year ago, but with steady progress from a low of $439 million in the second quarter of 2020 to the plus $1 billion this quarter.  
 Surrender rates were up slightly over the last few quarters within Individual Retirement, for fixed and index, whereas variable annuity surrender rates have been more comparable as have for Group Retirement. Similarly, the Life business has seen consistently lower lapse and surrender rates over the last 4 quarters than prior.  
 Life and Retirement continues to actively manage the impacts from the low interest rate and tighter credit spread environment, and the previously provided range for expected annual spread compression has not changed. New business margins generally remain within our targets at current new money returns due to active product management, disciplined pricing approaches and our significant asset origination and structuring capabilities.  
 Moving to Other Operations. Adjusted pretax loss was $530 million, which was inclusive of $176 million of losses from the consolidation and eliminations line, which principally reflects adjustments offsetting investment returns in the subsidiaries by being eliminated in Other Operations, so it wouldn't be double counting.  
 Before consolidation and eliminations, adjusted pretax loss was $354 million, which was $481 million better than the first quarter of 2020, which included a $317 million adjusted pretax loss related to Fortitude and a $30 million onetime cash grant given to employees to help with unanticipated costs when the global pandemic began last March. 
 The first quarter also reflects lower corporate interest expense and lower corporate general expenses, and we expect this to continue throughout 2021. However, one might expect some continued volatility within the consolidations and eliminations line, which can fluctuate based on investment returns.  
 Now shifting to investment. Net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.2 billion or $492 million higher than the first quarter of 2020. Adjusting first quarter 2020 for Fortitude's investment income to make the comparison apples to apples, this quarter's net investment income on an APTI basis was actually $611 million higher than the prior year or plus 23%, reflecting strong private equity and real estate returns as well as bond tender and call premiums, which more than offset the lower income on the AFS fixed income portfolio. We continue to have a high-quality investment portfolio that is positioned well under any market condition.  
 Turning to the balance sheet. At March 31, book value per common share was $72.37, down 5.3% from year-end, reflecting net unrealized mark-to-market losses on the investment portfolio. Adjusted book value per share was $58.69, up nearly 3% from December 31. 
 At quarter end, AIG parent, as Peter noted, had cash and short-term liquidity assets of $7.9 billion, and we repaid our March debt maturity of $1.5 billion and repurchased the $362 million of shares, as Peter outlined. Our GAAP debt leverage at March 31 was 28.4%, flat to year-end given downward fixed income market movements negatively impacting AOCI, despite the repaid debt maturity mentioned earlier.  
 Our primary operating subsidiaries remain profitable and well capitalized. For General Insurance, we estimate the U.S. pool fleet risk-based capital ratio for the first quarter to be between 465% and 475%, and Life and Retirement fleet is estimated to be between 435% and 445%, both well above our target ranges. 
 And with that, I will now turn it back over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Mark. And Jake, I think we're ready to start Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will begin with Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the -- sorry, the Life and Retirement separation. I appreciate the update in terms of working towards the IPO. Is the plan in terms of timing for that to still take place at some point later this year? Or do you have a more finer tune around that? 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thanks, Elyse. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're working with a sense of urgency on the IPO. We've made really significant progress working on standalone financial statements, actuarial, have set up the organization to operationally separate. So we're working very hard on several fronts related to the IPO. 
 I mean, the ultimate timing of completing this step should depend on a number of factors. Some are out of our control, such as regulatory and market conditions, but we're still working towards the same time line, which is by the end of 2021. But again, depending on those factors, it could always slip into the first quarter 2022. But it's -- the company is focused, and we're going through all the details and moving forward. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my second question is on the market commentary you guys gave. A lot of helpful color. Mark, you said that you guys expect continued earned margin expansion throughout 2021 and into 2022. So is -- I guess, you're kind of giving us a market view, it sounds like, for the next year. 
 Is the expectation that rates would stabilize and get closer to trend in 2022? I'm just trying to put that together. You're just kind of giving us the outlook that rates should remain strong through 2021, and then we'll see how 2022 transpires with earned versus plus trends. 
Peter Zaffino: Let me start with your question on rate, and then I'll turn it over to Mark to provide a little more context and then talk about the earned. But I think, look, this is the third year where we're seeing rate, at least at AIG, above loss cost. And again, you really have to just take a look at the overall portfolio because quarter-to-quarter, it may be a little bit different, meaning just the seasonality of our business, whether it's Validus Re having a big inception date in the first quarter, crop specialty Europe driven more towards the first quarter. 
 So when we look at it, we're looking at first quarter to first quarter, and there has been no slowdown in terms of the rate environment and believe that we're building margin above loss cost rate on rate, and I think that's kind of where Mark was alluding to. 
 The market environment, Elyse, is always hard to predict, but we think the market that we're in is the market we're going to see for the remaining part of the year, and it's very hard to predict beyond that. 
 Mark, do you want to add any more context? 
Mark Lyons: Just a bit. Thank you, Peter. I think Peter nailed it both, Elyse. I want to reemphasize, though, what Peter said. Every quarter's mix is pretty different, and I know that's a written viewpoint that earns in. But we've already written business in -- that we can -- last year that's going to earn into 2021. And we've already written one quarter that's going to go into 2022. So we're not counting -- we believe we're going to have the margin expansion, as has been noted. That doesn't really depend on the existing level of rate levels in the market. 
Operator: Next question will come from Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: So a couple here. Quickly, just Mark, I'm curious, you said you had some COVID development in the quarter. Where did that come from? And are we pretty close to, you think, kind of being done with the COVID-related losses, at least in the General Insurance business? I understand there could still be some more in Life. 
Peter Zaffino: Go ahead, Mark. 
Mark Lyons: So yes, we can localize a lot of that to contingency business out of Talbot. And on Validus, I think there was really just 2 contracts involved, so it's not like a widespread in any way. So that overwhelmingly accounts for it. 
 And I think for your second question, yes, we didn't put any additional provisions. We're happy where we are associated with it. So I think we're on the downflow, to say the least. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then my second question, I guess, for Peter for both of you all. What is your kind of view with respect to loss trend or kind of tort inflation and loss trend as we kind of -- the economy reopens here, courts reopen? Kind of how are you thinking about that from a reserving perspective and maybe also from a pricing perspective? 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. So I'll have Mark add to my comments. We're watching it very carefully, Brian. It's something that, again, as it emerges throughout the world, the economy starts to reopen, we look at it line of business by line of business, lead versus excess, different trends that we're seeing in the portfolio emerging over the last year and then how we forecast that to look for the future. 
 So I think the balance of the portfolio is being shaped in a way to mitigate that, and we're very focused on making sure that, even in the growth that we outlined in the first quarter that we're growing, where we know that we're going to get the risk-adjusted returns in terms of deploying the capital. 
 So I think we're very disciplined. It's circular with underwriting actuarial claims. We're learning a lot and making sure that we're positioned the portfolio accordingly. 
 Mark, do you want to add anything to that? 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Thank you, Peter. I think I may have commented on this before, but I think it's probably worth bearing again is, long term, there's generally been a 200 basis point addition beyond economic inflation for social inflation. Clearly, that's been south of that over the last few years. 
 But that's one way of looking at it by having a range of loss trends and not necessarily just point estimating it, and it really varies by line of business, clearly. I think in the past, I've also commented that our loss trend in Excess Casualty, for example, is very close to double digits, number one, and so really it varies across the board. 
 And when you get to Peter's comment on portfolio, think of the best way to insulate yourself from unexpected spikes in economic or social inflation, irrespective of which one, is by having the portfolio change. And the mix away from leads and having more mid excess, not just in casualty, but other places, aggregated lead moves that portfolio further away from risk insulating you more from any compound views of that. So I think that's how we look at it. And I think all of that is important and it comes to bear. 
Brian Meredith: Yes, yes. Mark, I was just -- part of my question, though, was also just asking this. Do you think about, when you make reserve assumptions or pick assumptions, are you making different assumptions with respect to what potential loss trend and when you're pricing the business? 
Mark Lyons: Not materially because you have calendar year views, right? So claims when they're settled or when they're reported don't care what their accident year was. 
Operator: We'll now hear from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: And congratulations on the quarter. I was hoping you could turn to maybe a big picture question about the Life Insurance business and just -- is there kind of a path to positive net flows? 
 Obviously, the Institutional business is volatile quarter-to-quarter, but maybe you could just give us a sense of -- especially as we get closer to thinking about the Life IPO, how those net flows might recover to a positive level. 
Peter Zaffino: Okay. Thanks, Paul. Kevin? 
Kevin Hogan: Yes. Thanks, Paul. Look, net flows reflect the trends of premiums and deposits as against the surrender behavior. As Mark pointed out, we haven't really seen much material change in the surrender behavior a little bit within sort of expected margins, but premiums and deposits is really another story. 
 And we said that the second quarter last year was going to be the low water mark. It certainly was. And in fact, the first quarter of this year is one of the largest sales quarters we've had in the Individual businesses since we created AIG Financial Distributors. And while the month of January was actually still below last year, and we consider last year's first quarter a pre-COVID quarter because, really, the pipelines were full right through March, April. We saw growth from February over January, March over February a pretty significant growth. 
 So the end of the quarter, we're really back at what we consider to be normal run rates for that business. And as Mark pointed out, both index and variable annuity, very strong for us there. 
 And so the one line of business, fixed annuities, they're a little bit lower than historical levels, but we also saw recovery in fixed annuities towards the end of the quarter. And so we're feeling optimistic about the forward curve for the individual business. And as Mark pointed out, across annuities, because we've announced relative to the retail mutual funds, right, we had positive flows. So I'm confident relative to the flows in the Individual Retirement business. 
 For Group Retirement, it's a little bit of a different story. The group acquisitions -- the new group acquisitions actually were one of our strongest quarters and increased by $150 million over the prior year, whereas periodics were down about $50 million, and I think that reflects furloughs and people leaving the workforce. And then the non-periodic were also down a little bit for a variety of reasons. 
 And in the Group Retirement business, we still see some modest negative flows, but I think that reflects the fact that we're a small, medium-sized plan provider. And in the consolidation that continues to go on in health care, we do see some of that large case consolidation. But the assets under management have continued to grow, obviously, supported by equity markets, and that's an important base of earnings for the fee side of the business. 
 So we feel confident. We're being careful about capital deployment. We're seeing conditions improve, and our diverse product range and channel allow us to be careful where we deploy the capital, and we're seeing that start to come through in the first quarter. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Is there a market component to -- or an interest rate component to keeping the ROE at least stable in Life business, in your opinion? 
Kevin Hogan: Well, certainly, we provide the sensitivities and depending upon where equity markets are, where interest rates are, where credit spreads are and which way they're going, they have kind of a short-term impact on earnings volatility. But we price our products to make sure that we're making our returns based on broadly expected market conditions, not necessarily a single deterministic scenario. So we're not relying on market returns necessarily in the pricing of our products. 
Operator: Next question will come from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. 
Ryan Tunis: I had one for Mark, and would you even be interested in David's thought if he's on the call. But I guess, thinking about classic economic inflation, wage-driven historically been kind of bad for workers' confidence. It's been a long time since we've had it. 
 Are the risks from that type of scenarios on that line kind of still the same as they were 20 years ago? Are there mitigating factors? Just how are you thinking about workers' comp, if we do have just a normal inflationary economic cycle. 
Peter Zaffino: Let me start. You got to remember that 2/3 of our business is on high retentions, and so the fluctuation of frequency and in wage inflation and loss cost inflation is largely retained by our clients. I mean, so we've seen some fluctuation just because of high attachment points in which we have in the workers' comp book. 
 And so Dave has been working really hard on our large account business and as well as workers' compensation in terms of the positioning in that. And I think the attachment points, the positioning of the book is really important. 
 Dave, do you want to just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the marketplace and how we are reacting to it? 
David McElroy: Yes. Thank you, Peter. The -- I think workers' comp, I think there was some concern with COVID that there would be presumption. That mostly does not affect our book, okay, because of the high retentions that our clients have. That's very different than the middle market books and the small commercial books that might exist. 
 I think the more illuminating issue is that workers' comp has been a profitable line, whether it was the state laws that muted it. And often, we get lost in our generalization of what is rate increase. Workers' comp has had modest to negative rate increase because it's been profitable for the industry. And I think it's very important for everybody to understand that, that's a discrete market, and a lot of the different parts of the market that we trade in, we -- that's absorbed by our clients. 
 So the -- if that same client has General Liability or Financial Lines or even Property, that's a different market with different pricing than might be existing in the workers' comp market. So workers' comp market has actually worked, and everybody talks about it in terms of the rate increase, but that's a discrete-type market that reflects that. 
 And I think our industry is fairly sophisticated to understand why that happens and then why other businesses need rate or need rate to expect -- to reflect exposure. So it's -- that's the workers' comp market. It's been a winner for this industry because of the reforms that happened at the state level. 
Mark Lyons: Ryan, I'd add just one quick thing, if I could. You really started the question in the correlation on wage. And given Peter really talking about 2/3 of the book is really lost sensitive over high attachment points, it's actually more of a medical question than a wage indemnity question because medical trend is what could sneak over, especially on major permanent partial and things of that nature and permanent totals. So that's why it was actually a -- we're in a really good position on that because of the analysis that was done about 3 years ago on that book that's still holding today. So all those past assumptions are absolutely holding. 
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then my follow-up is just thinking about -- you're running at a little bit over 92, so you need about 2 points to get sub-90. Just you said rate alone, assumingly, would be able to get you there. Obviously, I think that there are some offsetting headwinds or just other things that, along the way, you got to get past. I'm not sure if that's more new business or what. Could you just remind us of some offsets to rate in terms of getting down to that 90 over the next couple of years? 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Ryan. So there's multiple factors in terms of driving the sub-90 combined ratio. One is we had a terrific start to the year, and so you can see we're driving top line growth, driving margin, improving combined ratios. So we like the momentum that we have. 
 I think we're going to focus on continuing on the underwriting side. Certainly, the culture we're building out of risk selection, terms and conditions, making sure that we're getting rate above loss cost is the discipline that Dave is driving through General Insurance, and they're doing very well. 
 I think you'll start to see -- I talked about in my prepared remarks,the AIG 200, while we announced run rate, we got to catch up a little bit in terms of some of the implementations. So we know that we have expense tailwinds in terms of what will be coming through with AIG 200. In addition to that, just normal expense management and being very disciplined on reinvestment and making sure that we are a company that's very focused on ways in which we can improve what we're doing and create our own investment capacity. 
 I think you'll start to see the earned premium increasing from growth and strong new business. International had the best quarter new business that they've had since the new teams arrived. So that's -- there's a lot of momentum there. And then expect to see new business pick up as we continue throughout the year and the economy starts to recover. 
 And then what I also mentioned in my prepared remarks is that we are not going to need as much reinsurance going forward just based on the gross portfolio. And so like we needed to probably buy a little bit more CAT, a little bit more on the risk side. Those are all improving, and those will be tailwinds over a period of time. So there's 4 or 5 components that will drive improved combined ratio in the subsequent quarters and into next year. 
Operator: We'll hear from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Can you hear me? 
Peter Zaffino: Yes, Meyer. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Sorry about that. So Mark, I'm trying to tie together a couple of comments because you're expecting, if I understand correctly, margin improvement into 2020, but we still get below the 90% on the underlying by year-end. So does that mean that we should expect to be there sooner if you won't need margin improvement later in 2022 to get below 90? 
Mark Lyons: Do you want me to start that, Peter. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Go ahead, Mark. 
Mark Lyons: So I think what we're trying to say in various ways is that looking sequentially is really not the way. You've got to really look at it quarter-over-quarter for the points that Peter brought up before about the mix being pretty different. The fact that although we've reduced the volatility dramatically, we still write volatile lines, right? So you still have a pop here or there that may not have really occurred in this quarter or the last quarter that still could at another time. 
 We really need to see a few more accident quarters, if you will, pop in before we can declare victory in that sense. So you can't look at each quarter as a totally independent stand-alone on a sequential basis. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. That makes sense. The second question, I guess you talked about cyber rate increases, and I don't know whether sort of the way we typically think about trend is relevant. But is there any way you can outline how cyber loss expectations are changing? 
Peter Zaffino: Dave, do you want to take that? 
David McElroy: Yes. The -- thank you. The -- when we looked -- sometimes there's -- we index off of rate increases. And in fact, a big part of our story here at AIG has actually been risk selective and limit management and retentions and terms and conditions. And cyber was this year's case stuff, okay?
 It had been a profitable business. Ransomware started showing up, and what we've done is we've cauterized that with sublimits and coinsurance to reflect the fact that we're a big primary player, and we need to manage ransomware, and that's what we've done. 
 And our renewal retention has come down. Our rate increase, which may be something cited and exciting for others, is up 40 -- it's 41%. But for us, it's actually managing the risk on the other side. So I look at that rate increase as a factor as opposed to our not only vertical but horizontal risk. 
 It's a tough risk. We have it worldwide. We're leaders. We've been very active in terms of our prophylactic and our involvement in terms of trying to stem the actual loss itself. And we look at that as a viable product that we have controlled horizontally with reinsurance and vertically with reinsurance and with partnerships. 
 And we look at that not only like every other Specialty business that we have in this company. We have a lot of them. We have to attack it, and we have to underwrite it with the facts of that business, and that's what we're doing. It should be -- it should scare the industry. It certainly gives us pause, and that's why we've been underwriting it very aggressively over the last 3 years. 
Operator: That last question will come from Tom Gallagher with Evercore. 
Thomas Gallagher: Peter, just first a question on the decision to pursue the IPO versus the private sale. Was it mainly because we've gotten so much improvement in peer L&R public valuations that the gap narrowed where it wouldn't give you as much of a benefit? But any color you can give us as to what drove that decision. 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Tom. That is certainly one component. We always said the base case was going to be the IPO of 19.9%. So when we had entertained some of the inbounds from terrific companies, we evaluated the relative merits of the sale compared to the minority IPO. 
 We took into account value creation, execution certainty, regulatory and rating agency implications, the delivery of Life and Retirement growth strategy over the long term, where we're going to be making the right investments to make sure we're getting the value of the 80.1%. It's a great business, and so we want to make sure that we are investing in it. 
 And so when we weighed all those merits, ultimately, we felt that an IPO was going to fulfill the value for our stakeholders and decided that, that was the appropriate path for us. 
Thomas Gallagher: Okay, okay. And then just a follow-up for Kevin on L&R. I think -- Peter, I think I heard you say you're reiterating the 8 to 16 basis point spread compression guide. 
 I guess, my question is interest rates have risen a pretty good amount. Would you change within the 8 to 16 basis point band where you expect to operate? I think you used to say it was toward the high end of that. 
Peter Zaffino: Kevin, do you want to finish? 
Kevin Hogan: Yes, absolutely. Yes, Tom. We have moved from the high end of the 8 to 16 towards the middle to the lower end based on the recent improvement in the yields. You have to monitor, obviously, the combination of where credit spreads are versus where actual base rates are. So it's not all what we saw in the base rates. You just have to look at the total reinvestment position. 
Peter Zaffino: All right. Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today, and have a great day. 
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-17 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Fourth Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. 
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you, Orlando. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. Today's call will cover AIG's fourth quarter and year-end 2020 financial results announced yesterday afternoon. The news release, financial results presentation and financial supplement are available on our website, www.aig.com. Our 10-K for 2020 will be filed on Friday, February 19.  
 Our speakers today include Brian Duperreault, CEO; Peter Zaffino, President and COO of AIG; and Mark Lyons, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks, we will have time for Q&A. David McElroy, CEO of General Insurance; Kevin Hogan, CEO of Life and Retirement; and Doug Dachille, our Chief Investment Officer, will be available for Q&A.  
 Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements, including comments relating to company performance; strategic priorities, including AIG's intent to pursue a separation of its Life and Retirement business; business mix and market conditions, including the effects of COVID-19 on AIG. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. Actual performance and events may materially differ. Factors that could cause results to differ include the factors described in our third quarter 2020 report on Form 10-Q and our annual -- 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and our other recent filings made with the SEC. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  
 Additionally, some remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website at www.aig.com.  
 I'll now turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Duperreault: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to highlight some of the important milestones we achieved in 2020, and then I'll turn it over to Peter to provide more detail on our results for General Insurance and Life and Retirement as well as updates on strategic initiatives such as the separation of the Life and Retirement business and AIG 200. Lastly, Mark will provide a CFO update.  
 2020 was an extraordinary year during which our company demonstrated tremendous resiliency. We quickly and effectively transitioned more than 90% of our workforce in over 50 countries to remote working. We established a cross-functional task force to implement best practices to protect the health and safety of colleagues while continuing to deliver high-quality service to clients, distribution partners and other stakeholders.  
 AIG continues to effectively manage through COVID-19 and its collateral effects on the global economy because of the strong foundation we began to build beginning in late 2017. We instilled a culture of underwriting excellence, adjusted risk tolerances, implemented best-in-class reinsurance programs, strengthened our vast global footprint, derisked the balance sheet and maintained a balanced and diversified investment portfolio. And in October, we announced our intention to separate the Life and Retirement business from AIG, which was made possible by the work our team has done to strengthen General Insurance in particular and position each business as a market leader.  
 Before I turn it over to Peter, I want to note that this is the last earnings call I will participate in. As you know, we announced that on March 1, I will become Executive Chairman of the Board, and Peter will take over as President and Chief Executive Officer. The transition will be seamless. 
 Peter and I have tackled many of the systemic and pervasive fundamental problems from the past, and the company is now positioned for long-term sustainable and profitable growth. While there is still work to be done, I have every confidence that AIG's stakeholders will continue to reap the benefit of the hard work that is taking place across the organization on our journey to make AIG a top-performing company.  
 The turnaround of General Insurance and the enterprise-wide transformation at AIG is on a scale I've not seen in my 45-plus year career. I take great pride in what the team has accomplished. I know that the company and our colleagues will be in great hands with Peter as the CEO of AIG.  
 Now I'll turn the call over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, I'd like to cover 4 topics that are key areas of focus for us in 2021 and which we will update you on each quarter: the separation of Life and Retirement from AIG, capital management, progress we've made on AIG 200 and financial and operating highlights for General Insurance and Life and Retirement.  
 2020 was a pivotal year for AIG, and I'm pleased to report that 2021 has gotten off to a good and fast start due to the momentum we have coming into the new year. Like 2020, this year will be another year of substantial progress for our company.  
 As Brian noted, we made a critical and strategic decision last October to separate the Life and Retirement business from AIG. We could not have made this decision without the significant turnaround taking place in General Insurance and solid performance in Life and Retirement. Our fourth quarter results provided further evidence that each of our businesses remain financially strong, market leaders and well positioned for profitable growth over the long term in their respective markets.  
 Since our last earnings call, we've been working purposefully and with a sense of urgency on several fronts related to separation. We are actively working towards an IPO of up to 19.9% of Life and Retirement with teams focused on stand-alone audited financials, actuarial work and rating agency discussions, among other things. Based on our work to date, we continue to believe that no additional equity capital will be required, given the improvement in our subsidiary capital positions over the last few years.  
 Additionally, in connection with our October announcement, we received inquiries from parties interested in strategically aligning with us and potentially purchasing the 19.9% stake in Life and Retirement. We are pleased with the level of interest and quality of potential partners for Life and Retirement business and believe a sale of a minority stake could be an attractive option for AIG, its shareholders and other stakeholders. We are carefully weighing the relative merits of this path compared to a minority IPO, taking into account the impact on value creation for AIG, execution certainty, regulatory and rating agency implications and delivery of Life and Retirement's growth strategy over the long term. As you know, any decisions we make will be subject to regulatory approvals. Overall, I am very pleased with the progress we are making on the separation, and we'll provide a further update in the near term.  
 Turning to capital management. We ended 2020 with parent liquidity of $10.5 billion, a $2.9 billion increase from 2019. We entered 2021 with significant financial flexibility as a result of our focus on derisking, capital management and liquidity, particularly in 2020 as a result of COVID-19.  
 We will continue to invest in our businesses to support growth and operational transformation, and we will return at least $500 million of capital to our shareholders through stock repurchases in the first half of 2021. This amount will more than offset dilution from stock-based compensation, which, at a minimum, will be a core principle of our capital management strategy going forward.  
 As we move forward on the path to separate Life and Retirement and generate capital, we will continue to focus on delevering and investing in growth in our businesses. We also intend to be active and prudent managers of capital and return it to shareholders when appropriate. Our current expectation is that an initial disposition of 19.9% of Life and Retirement, whether through a minority IPO or sale to a third party, will generate net proceeds such that some portion can be used towards further share repurchases. And while it is not currently a priority, over time, we may consider inorganic growth opportunities that would be accretive to our businesses and growth strategy and otherwise create value for our shareholders and other stakeholders. Once we make a decision on the initial step of the separation of Life and Retirement, we will provide more detail on our medium- and longer-term capital management priorities.  
 Now I'd like to provide an update on AIG 200. As a reminder, AIG 200 has core -- 4 core objectives: underwriting excellence, modernizing our operating infrastructure, enhancing user and customer experience and becoming a more unified company. Throughout 2020, we made measurable progress in spite of the ongoing remote work environment and, in some cases, accelerated certain initiatives. On December 31, we completed the sale of our shared services operations to Accenture, which streamlines our operating model. We've made significant progress in driving improvements in infrastructure and systems architecture while reducing real estate costs and other general operating expenses. We exceeded our target run rate savings for 2020, and the costs required to achieve were lower than initially expected. We exited 2020 with a $400 million run rate benefit, which was 30% ahead of the guidance we provided in 2020.  
 The success of AIG 200 to date demonstrates the discipline and rigor that the team leading the strategic initiative is using. The team is taking decisive action as we execute to position the company for the long term. AIG 200 success to date also reflects the resiliency and flexibility of our global colleagues who have embraced change while making significant contributions to our progress.  
 In 2021, a major focus of AIG 200 will be advancing our digital strategy through effective use of data and process-enabling technologies as well as driving greater operational efficiencies and improved customer experience. We also expect to make significant progress in 2021 on a global data warehouse in support of our finance and underwriting transformations. Our overall target for AIG 200 remain unchanged. We still expect to achieve run rate savings of $650 million by the end of 2021 and to deliver aggregate run rate savings of $1 billion by the end of 2022 against the total investment of $1.3 billion.  
 Turning to our financial results. I'll start with General Insurance. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we saw growth in net premium written in our commercial businesses, with year-over-year net premium written increasing 7% after adjusting for foreign exchange, driven by improved retention and higher rates. North America Commercial grew approximately 10% with meaningful growth from AIG Re, and International was up 5% after adjusting for foreign exchange.  
 As we previously outlined, North America Personal Insurance continued to experience reduced net premium volumes. This was primarily due to our decision to strategically reposition our high net worth business to Syndicate 2019, the partnership we established with Lloyd's, which resulted in higher ceded premium and the impact of COVID-19 on lines such as Travel and Accident & Health. While it's still very early in the year, based on what we are seeing, we expect a similar overall growth trend to continue particularly in commercial, and we will achieve top line growth for the full year 2021.  
 Turning to the combined ratio. We achieved another quarter of positive results in our core business with continued improvement in underwriting margins. In the fourth quarter, the accident year combined ratio excluding CATs improved by 290 basis points to 92.9% compared to 95.8% a year ago. This improvement was led by our commercial businesses, which improved our accident year combined ratio excluding CATs by 440 basis points with International Commercial improving by 490 basis points and North America Commercial improving by 400 basis points. 
 The adjusted accident year combined ratio for the full year 2020 was 94.1%, a 190 basis point improvement year-over-year. Commercial's adjusted accident year combined ratio for the full year 2020 was 93.2%, a 340 basis point improvement year-over-year. These combined ratio improvements reflect very strong performance as General Insurance continues to benefit from an improved business mix in the commercial portfolio driven by the strategic underwriting actions we have been taking.  
 Turning to rate. In the fourth quarter, we continue to see considerable improvement and tighter terms and conditions. In commercial, we saw a sustained strong rate momentum and improvement across all lines of business with the exception of workers' compensation.  
 For the fourth quarter, our commercial business achieved rate increases of approximately 15%. North America Commercial rate increases were 21% in the fourth quarter compared to 14% in the prior year quarter. This improvement was driven by Excess Casualty, which saw rate increases of 45%; Financial Lines with rate increases of over 25%, led by 35% increases in D&O; Retail Property and Lexington wholesale property both achieving approximately 30% rate increases; and Lexington casualty with 25% rate increases.  
 International Commercial rate increases remained strong at 14% in the fourth quarter with second half 2020 rate improvement accelerating from the first half of the year. The largest rate increases were in global energy with over 30% increases, Financial Lines with 20% increases, Talbot with over 15% increases and Commercial Property with 15% increase.  
 Turning to Validus Re 1/1 renewals. Overall, we saw solid risk-adjusted rate improvements in U.S. property CAT, U.S. Casualty, international CAT, marine and energy, Financial Lines and specialty lines. For U.S. proportional business, material underlying rate improvement was generally applicable for our assumed portfolio. In international, rate improvements were achieved in essentially every territory.  
 Validus achieved a material increase in net written premium at the January 1 renewal period, which generated better balance across our portfolio, led by international property. New business, along with final signings across our portfolio, were very favorable as well. With respect to reinsurance AIG purchased, overall, we're extremely pleased with the outcome of our January 1 renewals in a challenging market environment. This was a critical year for us to evolve our reinsurance program strategically to reflect our significantly improved underlying portfolio.  
 In General Insurance, we maintained our philosophy of partnership with reinsurers and reducing volatility in the portfolio. We restructured our core placements in every major treaty. Keep in mind that AIG places over 35 treaties at 1/1, so I'll provide a few key highlights.  
 We reduced the aggregate amount of property catastrophe limit purchase as a result of a significantly reduced gross exposure in property PMLs. We reduced the catastrophe per occurrence attachment points in North America from $500 million to $200 million for all territories except the Southeast and Gulf, which remained at $500 million. We reduced the global shared aggregate limit retention in North America from $750 million to $500 million. We purchased a CAT program for PCG, our high net worth business, that protects Syndicate 2019 at AIG without taking on additional net limit. We reduced our overall catastrophe premium cost by over $150 million.  
 In our casualty quota share, we improved the ceding commission by 4 points and reduced our overall cession. We also introduced a new excess layer of $10 million excess of $15 million to remain consistent with our risk appetite. Those were just some of the highlights of our 1/1 renewal season. We are particularly pleased with the ongoing support we receive from the global reinsurance market, particularly our core partners. 
 With respect to Life and Retirement, the business continued sequential improvement, generating quarterly adjusted pretax income of $1 billion and adjusted return on segment common equity of 16.4%. For the full year 2020, adjusted pretax income was $3.5 billion and adjusted return on segment common equity was 13.9%. Result for 2020 reflected higher private equity returns and higher call and tender income driven by lower interest rates and tighter credit spreads. This was partially offset by the impact of COVID-19 mortality, lower fair value option bond income and base spread compression. Life and Retirement's strong performance in the face of macroeconomic stress and high levels of volatility during 2020 is a testament to the quality of its balance sheet, diversified product offerings and disciplined risk management. The hedge program performed as expected throughout the year, and the balance sheet remained strong.  
 Life and Retirement has a large and diverse in-force portfolio and, as a result of the Fortitude sale, has relatively limited net exposure to legacy blocks of business, no long-term care exposure and limited risks associated with pre-2010 variable annuity living benefits. This broad portfolio across products and channels was particularly advantageous during 2020. Given the disruption in retail sales during the year, the team focused on attractive opportunities to deploy capital in the Institutional Markets business, resulting in strong growth for both pension risk transfer transactions, direct and through reinsurance; and GIC issuances.  
 Group Retirement maintained steady payroll deduction periodic deposits and improved large group plan retention results. Overall, Life and Retirement remains well positioned to meet the ever-growing needs for protection, retirement savings and lifetime income solutions.  
 As I mentioned, we entered 2021 with significant momentum and a continued sense of urgency on our path to becoming a top-performing company. I'd like to thank our colleagues around the world for their focus and determination in supporting one another while delivering significant value to our stakeholders. Thanks to their efforts, we made tremendous progress in 2020, a year when the world changed for everyone and every organization. The responsibility, accountability and opportunity that commercial enterprises face today surpass anything corporate America and the global business community have ever faced. In the months and years ahead, we will continue to adapt and evolve and introduce a stronger version of AIG as we strive to become a leading global insurance franchise.  
 I'm privileged to be taking on the role of Chief Executive Officer of AIG and appreciate the opportunity to lead this company. I want to thank Brian for his partnership over the many years we've worked together and for asking me to join him at AIG back in 2017. Professionally, the last few years have presented the greatest challenge in my career, but I know that this experience will also be the most rewarding. And I want to extend a special thanks to Brian on behalf of all of our colleagues for his leadership, commitment to solving complex problems and building a foundation of stability that has positioned us well for the future. I look forward to continuing our work together as Brian steps into his new role as Executive Chairman.  
 Now I'll turn it over to Mark. 
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Before I go into the fourth quarter results, I want to highlight that we resegmented our financials this quarter and now have 3 business segments: General Insurance, Life and Retirement and Other Operations. The historical recasted information and description of the changes were in the 8-K filed on February 1 and posted on our website and were principally the elimination of the legacy segment and the realignment of its book into Life and Retirement and Other Operations as well as some small shifts within General Insurance.  
 Turning to the quarter. AIG reported adjusted pretax income or APTI of $1.1 billion and adjusted after-tax income of $827 million or $0.94 per diluted share compared to $923 million or $1.03 per share in the fourth quarter of 2019. The key drivers of this quarter were: first, a General Insurance accident year 2020 combined ratio ex CAT of 92.9%, which is a 290 basis point improvement over the fourth quarter of 2019; second, strong Life and Retirement APTI of $1 billion, driven by Individual and Group Retirement as well as Institutional Markets activity and strong net investment income; thirdly, $3.2 billion of consolidated net investment income on an APTI basis, primarily reflecting higher private equity and hedge fund income.  
 Moving to General Insurance. Fourth quarter adjusted pretax income was $809 million, up $31 million year-over-year as increased net investment income from alternatives offset the impact of higher catastrophe losses, which totaled $545 million pretax or 9 loss ratio points this quarter compared to 6.5 loss ratio points in the prior year quarter. The CAT losses were comprised of $367 million of natural CATs primarily related to fourth quarter events Hurricane Zeta, the East Troublesome and Silverado fires and Hurricane Delta, along with revised estimates for Hurricane Sally, which occurred late in the quarter and Hurricane Laura, where Delta has a similar path. 
 Additionally, there were $178 million of COVID-related losses primarily related to Travel, Contingency and Validus Re.  Prior year development or PYD was slightly unfavorable this quarter at $45 million compared to favorable development of $139 million in the prior year quarter. This quarter included $51 million of net unfavorable development in North America and $6 million of net favorable development internationally.  
 The North America unfavorable PYD was driven mostly by Financial Lines, EPLI, E&O and mergers and acquisition insurance primarily from accident years 2016 to 2018 and thus not covered by the ADC, with favorable indications primarily in GL, AIGRM, some workers' compensation units and short-tail lines. As an additional lens, the $45 million of unfavorable development was also split as $5 million unfavorable in global Commercial Lines and $40 million unfavorable in global Personal Lines, primarily driven by adverse development in prior year CATs as opposed to attritional losses. As usual, there is net favorable amortization from the ADC, which amounted to $52 million this quarter.  
 I'll point out that our 2020 net premium profile is now skewed towards our international operations, totaling 57% of global net premium. Furthermore, the international book is nearly evenly balanced between Commercial and Personal Lines, and this demonstrates the truly global platform of our General Insurance business, led by an international book that has had better results with less volatility than North America. We expect these proportions to stay approximately the same in 2021 but skewed a bit less towards international as North America Commercial growth strengthens.  
 A key indicator of the turnaround of our General Insurance business is the improvement in the accident year ex CAT combined ratio results for North America and International Commercial Lines. As Peter has noted, North American Commercial had an accident quarter (sic) [ year ] combined ratio ex CAT that was 400 basis points better than last year's quarter to 93.6%, and International Commercial Lines improved their accident year combined ratio ex CAT by 490 basis points to 89.2%. We continue to view the current accident year prudently, with an appropriate view towards the margin of safety as the book has undergone a massive transformation and also anticipate continued margin expansion into 2021, resulting from the favorable global market conditions.  
 As Peter discussed, our Personal Insurance premium and underwriting results continue to be impacted by the repositioning of our high net worth business and the global pandemic. North America Personal Lines was impacted the most with an accident year combined ratio ex CAT of 102.6% versus 92.2% in the prior year quarter and a 55% drop in net premiums written.  
 In 2021, our year-over-year comparisons will begin to improve, although the first quarter will still be unfavorable since COVID was just beginning to impact Travel and Syndicate 2019 was formed in the second quarter of 2020. On the other hand, our International Personal Insurance business continues to perform well with a 93.9% accident year ex CAT combined ratio, which is 130 basis point improvement from 95.2% in 2019, reflecting favorable Japanese auto trends and improving business mix, offset slightly by the Travel book. Expense management also contributed to the improvement with 160 basis point reduction in the General Insurance expense ratio driven by lower acquisition ratio compared to the prior year quarter.  
 Lastly, before we leave General Insurance, we'd like to reiterate our outlook for a sub-90 accident year combined ratio ex CAT by the end of 2022. The 94.1% that we achieved in 2020 is a significant accomplishment, but there is more to come with the significant reunderwriting of the book over the past few years as well as the current very firm commercial lines market. We're highly confident that we will achieve more progress in 2021 and 2022 as we reestablish AIG's leadership in General Insurance.  
 Now turning to Life and Retirement. Adjusted pretax income was $1 billion for the quarter, up 20% compared to the prior year quarter. Total Life and Retirement premium and deposits increased by 4% compared to the prior year quarter driven by 2 large  GIC issuances. In addition, pension risk transfer activity grew sequentially.  
 Life and Retirement continued to see a rebound in retail annuity sales as distribution partners became more accustomed to the new environment with higher sequential sales for both Variable and Index Annuities. Fixed Annuities sales were lower sequentially as Life and Retirement maintained pricing discipline in this challenging rate environment. Although still lower than the prior year, Index Annuities sales continued to grow sequentially, contributing strong positive net flows, helping offset declines in Variable and Fixed Annuity net flows. 
 Group Retirement net flows improved from the prior year quarter due to strong group plan acquisition and retention results, reflecting the investments made to modernize that platform. On February 8, AIG announced the sale of its Retail Mutual Fund business. This sale has a nearly immaterial impact on APTI but will benefit our overall net flow metrics, given the platform has generally experienced significant outflows over the last few years.  
 Base investment spreads for Variable and Index Annuities, Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement were virtually flat sequentially. As noted in previous quarters, Life and Retirement's reported base investment spread compression was impacted by substantially lower returns on cash and short-term investments through 2020. Excluding this impact, based on the environment we see today, we continue to expect base spread compression across the portfolio in the range of 8 to 16 basis points annually.  
 Recognizing the limits of sensitivities, especially in times of macroeconomic uncertainty and this higher market volatility, our sensitivity estimates for U.S. equity markets and rates are as follows. We would expect a plus or minus 1% change in equity market returns to respectively increase or decrease adjusted pretax income by approximately $40 million to $50 million annually. A plus or minus 10 basis points movement on the 10-year reinvestment rates would increase or decrease earnings by approximately $10 million to $20 million annually. As always, it is important to note that these market sensitivity ranges are not exact nor linear since our earnings are also impacted by the timing and degree of movements as well as other factors.  
 Moving to Other Operations, which now includes portions of the legacy segment from prior General Insurance exposures, had an adjusted pretax loss of $720 million, inclusive of $292 million of losses for consolidation and eliminations, which this quarter principally reflects realized capital gains on private equities, which are recorded as NII in the subsidiaries but eliminated in Other Operations' APTI and recorded as realized capital gains in net income, not AATI. 
 For the quarter, corporate interest expenses were slightly higher than the prior year, reflecting the interest on the $4.1 billion of senior notes issued in May 2020 and Other Operations' GOE was down $38 million from the comparable quarter last year. For 2021, we expect both corporate interest expense and GOE to decrease due to debt repayments and lower corporate expenses. However, we expect continued volatility in asset management and in the consolidation and elimination lines due to returns, interest rates and credit spread volatility.  
 Shifting to investments. Net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.2 billion or $236 million lower than the fourth quarter of 2019, principally due to the June 2020 sale of Fortitude whose investment income was included in the prior year's quarter. Adjusting the fourth quarter 2019 accordingly, this quarter's net investment income on an APTI basis was $262 million or 9% higher than the prior year and reflected the strongest quarterly returns in 2020 for hedge funds and private equity as well as having strong bond tender and call premiums. It's also worth noting that on a full year basis, net investment income on an APTI basis excluding Fortitude was $11.8 billion.  
 Turning to the balance sheet. At December 31, 2020, book value per common share was $76.46, up 3.5% from September 20, 2020, and adjusted book value per share was $57.01, up slightly from September 30.  
 As Peter mentioned, at year-end, AIG parent had cash and short-term liquidity assets of $10.5 billion. And during the quarter, we repaid our December debt maturity of $708 million, bringing our debt leverage for year-end 2020 to 28.4%, which is 220 basis points lower than second quarter of 2020 when we raised $4.1 billion of senior notes to prefinance 2020 and 2021 maturing debt. 
 Our primary operating subsidiaries remain profitable and well capitalized. For General Insurance, we estimate the U.S. pool fleet risk-based capital ratio for year-end 2020 to be approximately 455% and Life and Retirement is estimated to be approximately 430%, both above our target ranges and both providing a good absorbency buffer. The impacts from investment downgrades and credit losses to our RBC ratios were less than anticipated, reflecting a high-quality investment portfolio that is positioned well to navigate the uncertain environment. 
 And with respect to the capital management in 2021, as intended, we repaid $1.5 billion of maturing senior notes on February 1, which reduces our leverage ratio by about 1.6 points on a pro forma basis, approaching towards our 25% leverage target. In addition, we repurchased approximately 92 million of shares to offset dilution associated with AIG warrants that were exercised prior to expiration on January 19, 2021. As Peter mentioned, we intend to repurchase additional common shares in the first half of 2021 to manage dilution. And in addition, we expect to execute some liability management actions in the first half of 2021 to facilitate the Life and Retirement separation. 
 And with that, I'll now turn it back over to Brian. 
Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Mark. Operator, we're ready for the Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, going back, Peter, to some of your introductory comments on Life and Retirement. You pointed to however the 19.9% transaction takes place, that some portion of the proceeds would be able to use for further share repurchases. So I'm just trying to get a sense -- when you make that comment, what are you guys assuming for, I guess, the leverage target for L&R as a stand-alone entity? And then also, is the goal for RemainCo AIG still to get its leverage target within the vicinity of, I think you guys have pointed to, around 25%? 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. So Peter, the question is on the repurchase and leverage at AIG, I believe. So do you want to start? And maybe Mark can jump in if he has to. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes, sure. I think Elyse, what I said in my October comments and then just reinforced and provided a little bit more detail on the prepared remarks is that we have made assumptions in terms of the stand-alone Life and Retirement business with acceptable debt and capital structure that is going to work with the rating agencies. We've also had assumed how we would set up AIG, the remaining company, with the guidance that Mark has given on our delevering. I focused that in my prepared remarks. It's our first priority. And we think that based on the base case, getting Life and Retirement set up, getting the delevering done at AIG, we think we will have capital available for share repurchase. That was the context of the comment I made. I don't know if you want to add anything, Mark. 
Mark Lyons: No, I think you covered it, Peter. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my follow-up. You guys gave some pretty healthy price increases for another quarter throughout your Commercial Lines business. We're getting asked questions or I am right in terms of just the pricing cycle and the continued upward momentum from here. So as you guys think about 2021 and beyond, I mean, do you think that we can continue to see this level of price increases throughout your Commercial Lines book in both North America and internationally for the good part of 2021 and perhaps into 2022? 
Brian Duperreault: Peter? 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Elyse. Yes, this momentum will continue. As we look into 2021, we expect to see rate increases to continue. We expect to see these rate increases to be above loss cost. We expect that these rate increases will be balanced across our global portfolio and across multiple lines of business. And so this is a very disciplined market, one that our capacity is highly valued. And as we deploy it in property and casualty, we're going to be very disciplined in making sure we get the right price for the exposure, make sure that we're there to solve problems for our broker distribution partners and clients. 
Brian Duperreault: I think Mark wants to add something, Peter. 
Mark Lyons: Yes, if I could. Elyse, also, as Peter's kind of noted, we -- the momentum has been strong. We have really seen no evidence of deceleration of it. It's pretty broad-based across all lines and geographies. And I would just remind you that the timing was different internationally versus in North America. So it started a little bit later. So its trajectory is going to be different by definition, and thus far, no slowdowns. 
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Tom Gallagher with Evercore. 
Thomas Gallagher: First, Brian, just wanted to say best of luck to you in the new role. 
Brian Duperreault: Thanks. 
Thomas Gallagher: And Peter, just wanted to come back on the consideration of the private sale for the 19.9% stake in L&R. Should we think about this as just the sale of the stake? Or are you considering doing something more strategic, including reinsuring a portion of your in-force block or outsourcing investment management functions? Anything you could add? 
Brian Duperreault: Peter? 
Peter Zaffino: Well, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I mean, we have received a number of inbound inquiries, high-quality companies. And those high-quality companies see the real value in our Life and Retirement franchise, a very diversified portfolio, minimal legacy. And so how they are approaching AIG is that they want to do something strategically on the 19.9% because that's what we've outlined. But we are focused on how we drive long-term value for Life and Retirement with any partner that we decide to go with, in the event we do go with that over the initial public offering. And that's -- we're working towards that as a primary focus. So I don't want to go into the specific details because we don't have them. But you should just think about it as, if we did enter into an agreement, it would be about positioning the business for more long-term success. 
Thomas Gallagher: Got you. And then just my follow-up is just, I guess, how are you thinking about the adverse development you saw on the '16 to '18 accident years? Particularly, 2016 seems to be a recurring problematic year. Do you feel there's some conservatism in there? How does that inform your picks going forward? Any -- and anything we should be thinking about with regard to what you saw with the year-end review? 
Brian Duperreault: Okay, Tom. Mark, I think it's for you. 
Mark Lyons: Yes, happy to. So a few things I could just point out is that in North America, we had -- we recognized in Financial Lines, I'd say on the EPLI side, a little bit on the E&O side and the mergers and acquisitions insurance, some little changes in M&A insurance. Originally, it was a product that was really to sellers and now sellers and buyers. That kind of changes your forecasted utilization and things like that. So there's some recognition there which I think makes some sense. 
 In the past, when we've talked about this, we've always focused on like primary D&O and SCAs and so forth. And every assumption that we had on the public side is still coming to bear. No matter how we look at it, our commercial book, our national book, the SCAs continue to drop as the underwriting continues to improve, and that's been a steady pattern. 
 What we would say this time is really on the private not-for-profit side, mostly centered in the EPLI, we saw some trends that we recognized. But we think we're in pretty good shape. We think we pretty much nailed it at this point. 
 And I would say, the second part of your question, on a go-forward, this book has had such massive transformation that the predictive value, given the turnover of the past to the future, is almost nonexistent. So we use it. We try to carve all those things out, index forward. But the impact of that on such a transformed book is negligible. So the net is we're very comfortable with where '19 and '20 are. 
Operator: And next, we will hear from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. 
Tracy Dolin-Benguigui: Congratulations to both Brian and Peter. 
Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Tracy. 
Tracy Dolin-Benguigui: Yes. I have some similar questions about the reserve development. Maybe you could just talk about how you feel about rate adequacy and liabilities since you've had some adverse development in Excess Casualty. And I noticed it is one of the only Commercial Lines where you've actually had net premiums written decline. 
Peter Zaffino: Maybe I'll start. And then -- thanks, Tracy. And then I'll turn over to Mark. Just 2 things to keep in mind. One is the net premium written. What I said in my prepared remarks on how we've restructured the reinsurance fee, $10 million excess of $15 million was purchased in December. So you would have seen that as an impact on net premium written for the casualty lines in the fourth quarter. So that's one. 
 And two is I just want to reinforce Mark's point and give you an example in terms of what we're doing with the Excess Casualty book. We had talked about we were, years ago, over 90% lead in what we were doing in Excess Casualty and wanted to make sure that we were getting better balance. And so the team led by Dave McElroy, Barbara Luck have done an amazing job. We now have increased like our mid-excess by over 400% in terms of policy count. So the book is changing and getting better balance across the portfolio. 
 And you don't really see that, but I think that's to Mark's point before when he was commenting on the vast changes, the improvement of the portfolio. So that just needs to emerge a little bit over time, but I think we have done some very strong work on the underwriting side. And the balance is much better as we position ourselves for the future. 
 Mark, I don't know if you want to add anything in terms of just Excess Casualty specifically. 
Mark Lyons: Yes, sure. Two things. One, I'll follow up on your direct question, which is on the rate changes and rate adequacy. 
 And secondly, I think on the fin sup, we could have done a little better job. We said Excess Casualty was really the Lexington casualty, which really has primary in it. The traditional admitted casualty book that's either written out of American home or like London or Bermuda has performed very, very well during the year. And so I'm just letting you know that this is not an issue whatsoever. So it's really a combination of Lexington primary and excess. 
 But my comments will now address all of that. So as you know, rate changes have not only been large, they've been compound over a period. The terms and conditions which drive this line of business are tighter and tighter. And whether you have a calm or an aggressive view of loss cost trends that could affect casualty businesses, getting further away from risk is the preferred way to go, and that's the strategy that Peter and Dave have put in place, moving that portfolio higher so you're further away from risk in case anything unforeseen happens. 
 So we're very comfortable with that. We're very comfortable on -- our indications are that the rate adequacy as opposed to rate change is stronger on new business than it is on renewal business, which you'd expect to be the case in a hard cycle of acceleration like we have. And we continue to see inferior rate adequacy on the business we're not renewing. So that's what I call the implicit lift as opposed to the explicit lift. So we feel good about that. 
Tracy Dolin-Benguigui: Okay. Excellent. And at this point, it's been a few months since your initial announcement to separate L&R. And I know you've had a lot of discussions with various market constituents. I'm just wondering, at this stage, how firm is your 19.9% initial sale target. I get your point it would be a full separation, but just wanted to get a sense if you had maybe more flexibility by the rating agencies or you've figured out a way to accelerate your debt structure that could lead to a different path. 
Brian Duperreault: Peter, I think you should address that one. 
Peter Zaffino: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Tracy. The 19.9% remains the base case. We think it's the best way forward for the organization. We're working on all the different work streams that I outlined in my prepared remarks, working with all of our stakeholders and believe that, that will be the path that maximizes value for the organization. 
Operator: And next, we will hear from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: I'll reiterate the congratulatory comments to Brian and Peter. I guess my first question is on the comment around expectation of similar growth trend in Commercial Lines. Are you saying that you expect commercial net premiums written to be in the high single-digit range in 2021? And I guess what I'm trying to get at is, why wouldn't we see further acceleration from 4Q levels considering that rates remain very robust, you have less reinsurance purchase and potentially we see an economic recovery? 
Brian Duperreault: Peter? 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Yaron. It's hard to give specific guidance in terms of whether it's going to be high single digits or even more. I mean we have a lot of momentum in the commercial portfolio. We talked about strong retention, strong rate. 
 New business in 2020 was impacted by -- if I look globally, particularly in international and some of the Specialty classes, our new business was very strong but it wasn't at the normal levels that we expect within 2021. And again, we're still in the global pandemic. We'll see -- with the economic recovery, we're cautious but we're optimistic that new business will continue to pick up. And we believe our retentions will get stronger. And so we're very optimistic that we'll have very good growth balance across commercial globally next year. 
 I don't know, Dave, if you want to add anything in particular on the new business and your optimism of growth. 
David McElroy: Yes. Thank you, Peter. In a simple way, I just -- I think we've had a couple of turns with the book. We look at this as less limit reduction. Okay? And then our new business opportunities have always continued to be, on the commercial side, on a $3 billion range worldwide with the platform that we have. And then I look at our -- the renewal retention rate. Okay? We can forecast rate, but we also have certain positions that we think that we can actually consistently earn those rates going forward. Okay? We are not in a commodity position in our portfolio. And if you look at this worldwide in terms of the different franchises we have, we think that the rate we're looking at and the risk-adjusted rate and the -- and what -- how we're thinking about the portfolio, they are very defendable. 
 So there was a lot of work done over the last couple of years, okay, and we freely admit that, in terms of addressing the exposure that might have been an outlier exposure. We feel very comfortable with where we are going into 2021 with a portfolio that we can add to, not only on rate but new business and then our renewal retention. Okay?  And key point, and it's worth saying, the limit reduction that went through in these last 2 years, we are through that portal. And therefore, if anything, we're adding risk, and we're thinking about growth with risk, not just risk on top of limits, on top of accounts, but additional risk with additional clients. 
 And that's actually where we think very strongly that the brand and the formidable nature of what is AIG, we will succeed in 2021. Okay? That's very much part of the plan, is that we've taken some of the outlier exposures down to the studs and now we are very comfortable with the portfolio that we have going forward. 
Brian Duperreault: I think Mark wanted to add something too, David. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Yaron, if I could, I'm going to purposely give you an arithmetic view. And it's this -- Peter touched on it a bit with the XOL when he was talking about some of the reinsurance. So loss-occurring contracts, you basically have ceded written all bulleted, right, in the quarter, and then it's earned smoothly. Risk-attaching quota shares, you see the recognition quarter-by-quarter. So from a net earned basis, which is what's going to really matter, you're going to see much more uplift on a net earned basis over the course of the year. The benefit of a smaller cession on the casualty quota share will overwhelm the additional XOL cession. So you'll see that increase, right, but it won't be at 1Q. You're going to see that over the course of the year. 
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Very, very helpful comments. And then switching over to L&R. A lot of moving parts this quarter, pandemic mortality, alternative income, a little bit of AIG 200. Can you help us think about kind of the core earnings power of that business, whether as an earnings power or ROE that you talked about in the past? How should we think about that going forward? 
Brian Duperreault: Peter, do you want to take that? 
Peter Zaffino: I'll give it to Kevin. [ That is his work ]. Kevin? 
Kevin Hogan: Yes. Thanks, Yaron. So I think Mark's comments highlighted the sensitivities to equity markets and interest rate levels. This year, we did benefit from some strong market support that, frankly, is laid out in the noteworthy items in the earnings deck. And we had a strong year based on where the markets were with both alts and the call and tender income. 
 We continue to target low to mid-double-digit returns for the medium term, and our current pricing conditions suggest we are able to continue that. And so I think it's really the alternatives are the big anomaly. This year, we turn those to normalized levels. The call and tender income strength could continue based on where interest rates are, and that's, to a certain extent, the wildcard. 
Operator: And next, we will hear from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. 
Joshua Shanker: I want to just go back to that guidance, and we'll call it guidance, about a 90% accident year ex CAT combined ratio in General Insurance in 2022. Is that a year forecast or was that an exit forecast? 
 And the other part -- I'll give both my questions upfront. If you told me we'd have 15% to 20% rate increases in 2020 and maybe in 2021, I would think you could improve the combined ratio by more than 300, 400 basis points in harmony with AIG 200. Do you have any thoughts on those 2 areas? 
Brian Duperreault: So let's have Mark talk about it, the 90%, and then we'll take it from there. Go ahead, Mark. 
Mark Lyons: So I think -- Peter and I go back and forth on this. On the 90% which we are, Josh, reiterating, Peter will get into some of the expense ratio aspects of it. 
 With regard to loss ratio, that was the second part of it, well, we would expect improving margins as well as we go through '21 and '22. We're viewing that as exit though, Josh. So that's much closer and equivalent to 4Q. But the -- but nevertheless, you have to watch the compound growth or change because as the book continues to improve, and it's improved fabulously, the degree of improvement narrows and narrows and narrows that you can do. So the big, huge changes have already occurred, but we're comfortable on our cadence and approach to get there. Peter? 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Can I just add to that? Thanks, Josh. I mean a couple of things to keep in mind. One is AIG 200 contributes a meaningful portion of the improvement in expense ratio. Now while I said $400 million was the exit run rate of 2020, that hasn't even fully earned in yet. So we expect the full $1 billion by 2022. So you can just do the math that, that will contribute to the expense ratio and overall combined ratio. 
 The other is we think there's 2 components to growth. One is, Dave mentioned it, that we think that the portfolio is in a very good place for top line growth, and we would expect to see that to continue in 2021 and 2022. In addition, contributing to that growth will be we need less reinsurance. I think the terms and conditions that we were able to improve at 1/1 speak volumes in terms of the trajectory and what we would expect for reinsurance going forward. That will contribute. 
 I think when we do, and the team has proven it does very good work on operational excellence, that when we separate Life and Retirement AIG RemainCo, we will find ways to improve the expense ratio as we work through the actual separation, and we have a very disciplined expense behavior in the company. And then just the rate above loss cost and as we continue to reposition the portfolio, we think there will be improvement in the loss ratio as we look to the future. So when you add all of those components together, we are very confident that we will be below the 90% as we exit 2022. 
Brian Duperreault: And Josh, don't forget this is a -- Josh, don't forget this is both commercial and personal. It's the entire book of business going below 90%. And the Personal Lines is not getting the kind of rate increases in Commercial. So you just got to put that weighted average in too. 
 Do you have -- you asked your questions didn't you, Josh? 
Joshua Shanker: Those were 2. Good luck in your new roles, and congratulations to everyone. 
Brian Duperreault: I appreciate that, Josh. Thank you very much. 
Operator: All right. And we will hear from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. 
Erik Bass: I just wanted to follow up on Tom's question about the potential sale of the 19.9% stake in L&R. Can you just discuss how you're thinking about the benefits of that approach versus an IPO and some of the key considerations on which makes more sense for delivering long-term value? 
Brian Duperreault: Peter? 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. And Mark, you can weigh in. I mean certainly, the path with the IPO is very clear with the 19.9% IPO sale. When we look at -- I think the heart of your question on the private is that it has to be a better alternative for us. We have to be more strategic, more financially advantageous and making certain that when we look at the 19.9%, we don't look at that in isolation. We look at the 80.1% and how we position the Life and Retirement business for the future. So those are the things, among other factors, that we will consider in terms of do we go through the IPO or would we do a private sale as we work through the coming months. 
Erik Bass: Got it. The next one... 
Brian Duperreault: Yes. Do you have another follow-up there? 
Erik Bass: Yes, please. Just one other on Life and Retirement. I was just hoping you could provide some additional detail on the mortality results this quarter. Any sensitivity to general population COVID deaths or maybe another metric to help us think about the potential impacts in 1Q? 
Brian Duperreault: Kevin, do you want to do that? 
Kevin Hogan: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Erik. So look, the reality is it's hard to isolate COVID deaths. So the way we approach it in looking at our portfolio is to focus on the total portfolio actually to expected versus pricing. And in this context, we saw mortality for the year continue to be acceptable relative to our pricing in terms of short-run variances driven by COVID. Either way, we look at this as an earnings and not a capital event, and we haven't seen any data that suggest a change to our long-term assumptions. 
 That being said, based on our best understanding of what are the COVID-related deaths, we estimate that up to 40% of the reported claims -- COVID reported claims could be an acceleration of claims we would otherwise expect in the next 5 years. And again, based on our best understanding of the COVID deaths, we estimate our exposure to the population of approximately $65 million to $75 million per 100,000 population deaths, which is a slightly better estimate than what we would have assumed a couple of quarters ago. 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. So thank you all for all your questions. Before I end the call, I want to thank everyone who's been part of the multiyear journey that began when I joined AIG in 2017 to fix the fundamental needed -- fundamentals needed for AIG to once again be a leading insurance franchise. 
 What has been accomplished over the last few years would not have been possible without the extraordinary efforts of AIG's exceptional talent at all levels of the organization. And I'm thankful for everyone's dedication and commitment to this great organization. I'm also grateful to the clients and distribution reinsurance partners, shareholders, regulators and many other stakeholders who have actively supported me since I returned to AIG. I look forward to being a part of the next chapter of AIG under Peter's leadership. Be well. Stay safe and healthy. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIG's Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Today's call will cover AIG's third quarter 2020 financial results announced yesterday afternoon. The news release, financial results presentation and financial supplement are posted on our website at www.aig.com. And the 10-Q will be filed later today after the call.
 Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements, including comments relating to company performance, strategic priorities, including the announced planned separation of our Life and Retirement business, business mix and market conditions, including the effects of COVID-19 on AIG. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. Actual performance and events may materially differ. Factors that could cause results to differ include the factors described in our second quarter 2020 report on Form 10-Q and our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and our other recent filings made with the SEC, inclusive of the effects of COVID-19 on AIG, which cannot be fully determined at this time. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 Additionally, some remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement and earnings presentation, all of which are available on our website.
 I'll now turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Duperreault: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Given the announcements we made last week, we will handle today's call differently with the objective to leave as much time as possible for your questions. I will focus most of my remarks on our leadership changes and the separation of Life and Retirement. Peter will expand on what the separation process will entail. He will provide an overview of our third quarter results for General Insurance and Life and Retirement and give an update on AIG 200. Lastly, Mark will provide additional color on our financial results for the quarter. Kevin Hogan, Dave McElroy and Doug Dachille will be available for the Q&A portion of the call.
 As you saw in our earnings release, AIG continues to manage through the ongoing global economic uncertainty. We are financially strong and well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities for growth. In the third quarter, we reported adjusted after-tax income of $0.81 per common share, and we saw improvement in both the accident year combined ratio in General Insurance and Life and Retirement's adjusted return on attributed common equity.
 As we announced last week, the AIG Board unanimously elected Peter to become the next Chief Executive Officer of AIG effective March 1. At that time, I will assume -- I will become Executive Chairman of the AIG Board. This leadership transition demonstrates our continuing momentum and focus on AIG's future. It's an honor to serve as a CEO of AIG, and I want to thank our directors for their ongoing support.
 I also want to congratulate Peter. I've worked with Peter in several capacities for many years, and I'm extremely proud of him and the legacy he is building in our industry. Since joining me at AIG in 2017, he designed and executed on the turnaround in our General Insurance business, which, by any measure, has been historic. I greatly admire Peter's strength of character, leadership abilities and willingness to take decisive action. He has a proven track record of building great teams and successfully leading them in times of significant change and growth. Peter exemplifies the rare executive who is both a hard-working operational leader and a strategic visionary. I know that he will be an excellent CEO for AIG, and the company will be in great hands.
 Turning to our second big announcement last week. As I stated before, we have continually examined the composite structure of AIG. And over the last several months with the assistance from independent financial and legal advisers, we conducted a very comprehensive review to determine if the change would be in the best interest of our shareholders and other stakeholders. This review included examining strategic, operational, capital and tax implications. And the output of this review was very clear, that is a simpler structure will benefit both GI and L&R. This is largely due to the significant foundational work our team has done across AIG to strengthen our businesses and position them as market leaders.
 In addition, impediments to a separation that existed back in 2017 have greatly diminished. For example, the tax benefits of AIG's current composite structure have decreased over time. And with the stronger capitalization of our core business, the capital diversification benefit has become less significant. We believe our businesses will be more resilient as separate companies with more appropriate and sustainable valuations, and each will continue to be market leaders in their respective sectors with strong balance sheets, appropriate capital structures, attractive earnings and cash flows. We also believe both will have sufficient financial flexibility to compete effectively. We do not anticipate that either will require additional capital -- equity capital in connection with the separation, and neither will be overleveraged, especially when compared to their respective peers.
 We have evaluated various structural alternatives for the separation, and Peter will provide details on our initial conclusions. While the separation process will be complex and will, of course, require regulatory approvals, we are confident that we will execute in a way that provides the best long-term value for shareholders and other stakeholders. We are committed to transparency and providing you with updates as the process moves forward.
 Now I'll turn it over to Peter. 
Peter Zaffino: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Brian. I appreciate your kind words and want to thank the AIG Board for the opportunity to lead this company. As Brian noted, we are living through a sustained period of global economic challenges. At AIG, we are well prepared as our purpose is to partner with our clients, especially during challenging times, to help them solve complex risk issues, capture opportunities in all market cycles and provide a consistent approach to providing insurance solutions in this period of uncertainty. We continually ask ourselves whether the things that worked well yesterday will continue to work tomorrow and into the future.
 This morning, I will expand on Brian's comments regarding key areas we're focused on. I'll start with additional insight into our plan to separate Life and Retirement from AIG. Then I'll provide an overview of the third quarter results for General Insurance and Life and Retirement. And lastly, I'll briefly outline our progress on AIG 200.
 With respect to Life and Retirement, as Brian said, we undertook a comprehensive review of our composite structure over the last several months. We concluded that over time, the value of full separation can create for our shareholders will be significantly greater than maintaining our current structure. Our analysis took into account many factors, including potential impediments and benefits.
 Among the more significant factors are: One, the progress we've made since late 2017 to strengthen the foundation of General Insurance materially reduce risk and volatility in our portfolio and position General Insurance as a market leader poised for sustainable, profitable growth. A separation of Life and Retirement from AIG would not be possible without a strong General Insurance business that can support itself and thrive on a stand-alone basis.
 Two, we believe that we can effectively manage any loss of diversification benefits in our capital model as a result of separation. Our current expectation is that no additional equity capital will be required given the improvements in our subsidiary capital positions over the last 3 years. This is especially true in General Insurance, where the capital base is stronger than it's been in many years.
 Three, the separation process will require us to implement a stand-alone capital structure for Life and Retirement. This will involve raising new debt at Life and Retirement and restructuring debt at AIG parent. In the end, both companies will have independent capital structures in line with peers and appropriate financial leverage for their respective ratings. Both companies will also have strong financial flexibility to execute on their strategic priorities.
 Four, AIG's deferred tax asset is no longer an obstacle as it was in the past. The DTA is made up of net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits. With respect to the net operating losses, we expect AIG to have taxable income post-separation that is sufficient to utilize the remaining $6.6 billion before they expire. The foreign tax credit carryforwards have been significantly utilized in recent years, and we expect to utilize the vast majority of the remaining $1.5 billion before we deconsolidate Life and Retirement, leaving only a small portion potentially at risk.
 And five, there is a limited number of legal entity restructurings required to achieve a separation as well as limited expense dis-synergies. In fact, we will leverage the important work we're doing as part of AIG 200 to facilitate operational separation.
 While the precise form of separation will be subject to AIG Board and regulatory approvals, rating agency considerations and market conditions, we currently contemplate either an IPO or private sale of up to 19.9% of Life and Retirement, followed by one or more dispositions of our remaining ownership interest over time. We're proceeding with a sense of urgency to determine the initial step of the separation and will continue to engage with regulators and rating agencies throughout the process.
 Finally, we do not intend to break up Life and Retirement and sell it in pieces, as the significant strength of the business is the breadth of its platform and diversified product portfolio and distribution network. Throughout the separation process, we will remain laser-focused on continuing to position our businesses to deliver superior value to our clients, distribution partners, shareholders and other stakeholders.
 Turning to our third quarter. In General Insurance, we achieved another quarter of positive results in our core business with continued improvement in our underwriting margins. The accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophe, improved by 260 basis points to 93.3% compared to 95.9% a year ago and by 610 basis points compared to 99.4% in the third quarter of 2018. The improvement was driven by our Commercial business, which improved by approximately 560 basis points year-over-year as a result of lower accident year loss ratio, excluding CAT, and a lower expense ratio. The lower Commercial accident year loss ratio ex CAT reflects a higher-quality book of business, driven by a better mix and portfolio management actions. 
 In Personal Insurance, not surprisingly, our portfolio mix continues to be impacted by COVID-19, which has reduced premium volumes by more than 80% in our Travel business alone. The mix of business was further impacted in North America Personal Insurance due to the reinsurance cessions related to Syndicate 2019.
 With respect to CAT, the third quarter was very active with low to moderate severity per event in both North America and Japan with an upper industry range of $45 billion globally. As we disclosed last week, our third quarter CAT loss estimates, net of reinsurance, totaled $790 million for the quarter. Included in this CAT number is $185 million of COVID-19 loss estimates. With respect to COVID-19, the loss estimates primarily related to Travel, Contingency and Validus Re. Our year-to-date COVID-related net loss estimates are slightly over $900 million.
 Our reinsurance program continues to perform as expected with recoveries in our International per occurrence, Private Client Group per occurrence and other discrete reinsurance programs limiting volatility. Regardless of frequency and severity of natural CATs and additional COVID-19-related losses, we expect overall CAT losses for the remainder of the year to be limited due to various protections we have in place under our aggregate CAT covers.
 Turning to rate. In the third quarter, our underwriting discipline continued as our team has pivoted to pursue premium growth while not losing our focus on account-level decisions, risk-adjusted rates and margin expansion. In Commercial, there is continued momentum in our portfolio optimization strategy, and we're seeing sustained rate-on-rate improvement across most lines of business. For the third quarter, our Commercial business had rate increases of approximately 17%. North America Commercial rate increases were 20% in the third quarter compared to 12% in the prior year. Rate increases in Admitted Property were over 30%. In Financial Lines, they were over 25% led by D&O. In Excess & Surplus Lines, they were over 20%. And in Excess Casualty, they were over 30%.
 International Commercial rate increases were 14% in the third quarter compared to 8% in the prior year, driven by Financial Lines and Specialty. Rate increases in Commercial Property were 12%. In Financial Lines, they were over 20% led by D&O. And in U.K. Specialty, they were over 25% led by energy, aviation and trade credit. It's important to note that the rates we're achieving are on a policy year basis and will take time to earn into our accident year results. Additionally, we're confident that the rate increases we are achieving are outpacing loss cost increases in our portfolio.
 Turning to Validus Re and upcoming 1/1 renewals, our team continues to be disciplined in deploying capacity and focus on acceptable terms and conditions as well as appropriate risk-adjusted rate changes. Double-digit rate increases are being quoted in most lines with tighter terms and conditions. Retro business is very active with meaningful double-digit rate increases being quoted with terms altering to modelled perils only with the occurrence covers being preferred over aggregate covers.
 Before turning to Life and Retirement, I want to provide context for how we view the rate environment in the P&C market. Insurance carriers have faced challenging business conditions for more than a decade. Soft market conditions have gripped the industry since 2007 and have been coupled with historically low interest rates and an increase in frequency and severity of natural catastrophes. As an example, when looking at Property, the expected aggregate industry natural CAT losses for 2017 through the third quarter of 2020 are estimated to exceed $400 billion. Median annual losses over the last 15 years have been approximately $65 billion. These amounts are nearly double the amount of expected loss. For natural catastrophes, pricing has adjusted in light of these new norms. And keep in mind, none of these numbers include catastrophe losses from COVID-19.
 With these challenges and the increasingly complex environment our clients are looking to us to help them manage, the work we do is becoming more complex. We believe our retention rates demonstrate the strength of our relationships with clients and distribution partners and confirm that a flight of quality has been backed from the fruition, particularly due to COVID. The momentum we have generated in General Insurance is significant and we believe that we will achieve top line growth in 2021. And by the end of 2022, we'll achieve an accident year combined ratio, excluding CATs, below 90%. This will represent a 1,000 basis point improvement since 2018.
 Turning to Life and Retirement. I've spent the last couple of months working with Kevin and his team to analyze this business. It is a franchise that is extremely well positioned in the market and has a track record of delivering consistent performance.
 Third quarter adjusted pretax income was $975 million, and adjusted return on attributed common equity was 14.5%. Third quarter results reflected strong performance in all lines of business, driven by recovering sales and strong equity market levels, resulting in favorable impacts to deferred acquisition costs and variable annuity reserves as well as higher private equity returns. Additionally, lower interest rates and tighter credit spreads drove higher call and tender income, which is a short-term benefit that will be offset in the long term in the form of additional base spread compression.
 The sensitivities Kevin previously discussed generally held up, recognizing the limits of sensitivities, especially in times of macroeconomic stress and high levels of volatility. As we noted in the second quarter, reported base investment spread compression has been impacted by substantially lower returns on our tactical cash and short-term investment position. Excluding this impact, base investment spreads would continue to be in the 8 to 16 basis points range of annual spread compression.
 Excluding estimated COVID-19-related deaths, mortality experience was favorable and consistent with pre-pandemic trends. Risk management efforts and discipline in Life and Retirement have continued to serve this business well. The hedge program has performed as expected, and our balance sheet remains strong. Additionally, we view our lack of large legacy blocks, such as long-term care, as a risk differentiator. As expected, retail annuity sales rebounded significantly from the historically low second quarter levels as our distribution partners became more accustomed to a new working environment. We also grew sales in Group Retirement and Institutional Markets where we successfully issued 3 large guaranteed investment contracts during the third quarter. Our total premiums and deposits decreased from second quarter levels, and we remain well positioned and confident to deploy capital as attractive opportunities arise across our business.
 Now let me provide a brief update on AIG 200. Since we announced AIG 200 in 2019, we have been focused on investing in our core processes and infrastructure in order to be more competitive in the marketplace and make real transformational change at AIG. A few key points I'd like to highlight. We are on track to deliver and will likely exceed our original guidance of $300 million exit run rate savings this year. We also expect to come in below the $350 million cost to achieve that we initially communicated for 2020. An important milestone we recently achieved was entering into a partnership with Accenture, whereby Accenture will acquire our existing shared services footprint.
 Working with the AIG global operations team, Accenture will help us to create a modern digital shared services platform with true end-to-end processes that will improve the user experience. This agreement is subject to regulatory approvals and marks the first phase of our overall relationship with Accenture, which we expect will expand over time. Our overall targets for AIG 200 remain unchanged. We still expect to deliver $1 billion of run rate savings by the end of 2022 against a $1.3 billion total investment. Lastly, we do not anticipate any delays or significant changes due to the planned separation of Life and Retirement.
 Before I turn it over to Mark, I'd like to end my remarks where I started, and thank Brian for his leadership over the last 3 years. Since I joined Brian in mid-2017, we have navigated truly unprecedented conditions. Throughout, Brian has remained steadfast in his commitment to build a world-leading insurance franchise with no shortcuts or quick fixes. I'm incredibly proud of what we achieved so far in our journey. Our colleagues have demonstrated unmatched resilience and a commitment to excellence in all that they do despite the significant disruption we've all experienced both personally and professionally due to COVID-19. I know I speak on behalf of all AIG colleagues when I say that we look forward to continuing to work with Brian as we close out 2020 and look ahead to a very bright future for our company.
 Now I'll turn it over to Mark. 
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. As Brian and Peter have already commented on the announced separation of the Life and Retirement business from AIG, I will briefly discuss the third quarter results in order to allow sufficient time for Q&A.
 AIG reported adjusted pretax income, or APTI, of $918 million and adjusted after-tax income of $709 million or $0.81 per diluted share compared to $505 million or $0.56 per share in the third quarter of 2019. The key drivers of this increased earnings were: one, a General Insurance underwriting gain, exclusive of the impact of catastrophes and prior year development, which improved $135 million compared to the third quarter of '19; second, a very strong Life and Retirement results, inclusive of the impact of the annual actuarial assumption update; third, solid net investment income results, up $271 million after adjusting the third quarter of 2019 for Fortitude, reflecting higher private equity and hedge fund income in addition to fixed maturity securities; fourth, reduced total AIG general operating expenses by approximately $200 million.
 Turning to General Insurance. Third quarter adjusted pretax income was $416 million, down $91 million from the third quarter of 2019, due primarily to the previously announced catastrophe losses of $790 million pretax, partially offset by higher net investment income stemming from alternatives. As with respect to prior year development, $16.1 billion of reserves were carried -- excuse me, were reviewed this quarter, bringing the year-to-date total reviews to more than 60% of carried reserves. The net result was unfavorable development of $13 million, which reflects $53 million of favorable development from amortization of the ADC deferred gain. So the unfavorable development was $66 million gross of this amortization impact.
 The areas reviewed were primary workers' compensation, environmental, program businesses, Western World, cyber, Personal Lines Property Casualty, Canada, U.K., Europe and Asia Pacific Casualty and Financial Lines as well as European short-tail lines. Next quarter's focus will be on U.S. Financial Lines and some Casualty areas. This quarter's PYD showed favorable development in North America, driven mostly by primary workers' compensation, California 2017 wildfire, subro (sic)  [ subrogation ] and short-tail lines and unfavorable developments internationally driven mostly by Financial Lines, large losses and U.K. and Europe Casualty, mostly in prior accident years.
 As Peter mentioned, the General Insurance business has continued to improve with an accident year combined ratio as adjusted of 93.3% in the quarter, a 260 basis point improvement from last year. North America was 96%, 250 basis points better than last year, while North American Commercial Lines was 630 basis points better than the prior year, 560 basis points of which emanated from an improved loss ratio.
 International improved, the accident year combined ratio as adjusted by 240 basis points, to 91% with International Commercial Lines better by 410 basis points, with 170 basis points of this emanating from an improved loss ratio. The global expense ratio was 180 basis points lower quarter-over-quarter, driven by an improved acquisition ratio. General Insurance also reduced their GOE by $76 million. The margin momentum in Commercial Lines reflects the hard work of the past several years with the added tailwinds of achieved rate in 2020 above our initial expectations. Both will drive margin improvement through 2021.
 I would also note that on a global basis, Personal Insurance results are not really comparable to last year due to the significant drop in Travel business, the formation of Syndicate 2019 for North American PCG business discussed last quarter and higher North American catastrophes, including the COVID impact on the Travel book. International Personal Insurance accident year combined ratio as adjusted improved by 80 basis points with favorable frequency in Japanese auto and a lower expense ratio. North American Personal Lines accident year combined ratio as adjusted was significantly higher to 118.6% due to the approximate 60% drop in net earned premium for the segment, led by Travel's nearly 80% reduction as well as the noise associated with the changes to PCG that was discussed on our prior call. Warranty, Personal A&H and Canadian Personal Lines all continued to perform well.
 With the Commercial Lines reunderwriting largely behind us, we are now pivoting to growth, which will become evident in early 2021, as near-term top line results are still impacted by Personal Insurance. Global gross premiums written were $8.3 billion in the quarter, down approximately 4% before the impact of currency. And net premiums written and earned were both down approximately 11%, principally due to Personal Insurance as well as the impact of reinsurance and portfolio management on the North American Commercial Lines book.
 In North America Commercial, net premiums written decreased by approximately 5%, reflecting the impact of reinsurance as stated, portfolio management actions and COVID, but retention and new business levels have improved the specific areas. For instance, our Lexington Property business grew by 20% year-over-year as a result of increased flow, continued rate increases and new business momentum. International Commercial's net premiums written increased by approximately 5%, reflecting significant rate momentum and growth in Financial Lines, Specialty and Talbot.
 North America Personal Insurance net premiums written was impacted by business mix shifts due to the lower Travel premium and the changes to PCG. As we enter 2021, we will retain approximately 25% of the PCG business, and the Syndicate structure will reduce the volatility of the overall Personal Lines book as was the case this quarter.
 International Personal Insurance net premiums written were down 10% on a constant dollar basis, principally because of the reduction in Travel premiums. Aside from Travel, most of the International Personal Insurance is in Japan, which had a slight decrease in premiums due to lower new business, also was the result of COVID.
 Now turning to Life and Retirement. Adjusted pretax income was $975 million for the quarter, up over 50% compared to the prior year with strong performance in most businesses. Third quarter adjusted return on attributed common equity was 14.5%, as Peter noted, and 12% on a year-to-date basis. Also, as Peter mentioned, Life and Retirement's retail annuity sales rebounded significantly from historically low second quarter levels. Sequentially, fixed annuities were up 144% to $942 million from the second quarter low of $387 million. Variable annuities were up 24% to $670 million, and index annuities were up 38% to $942 million. Life and Retirement also grew sales modestly in Group Retirement. And in Institutional Markets, several large guaranteed investment contracts were issued during the quarter, totaling approximately $1.2 billion.
 Total premiums and deposits increased from second quarter levels and net flows, although still negative, had a material rebound sequentially of over $612 million for fixed annuities and fixed index annuities alone.
 The balance sheet remains strong with a solid investment portfolio with limited exposure to large legacy blocks on the liability side, such as long-term care, prefinancial crisis variable annuities or long-duration payout annuities. While low interest rates in the last year will drive additional spread compression, the diversity of our product portfolio is a strength in this environment. Our annual actuarial assumption update, which lowered our 10-year -- forward 10-year treasury assumption to approximately 2.8% from 3.5% previously, was generally benign as we also updated our lapse, mortality and policyholder behavior assumptions, resulting in an unfavorable impact of $120 million to adjusted pretax income and a net unfavorable impact of $22 million to pretax net income, mostly from revised lapse and policyholder assumptions.
 Shifting to investments. Net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.2 billion or $277 million lower than the third quarter of 2019. As a reminder, due to the sale of Fortitude, the prior year included the full quarter income on the Fortitude portfolio, whereas it is excluded on an APTI basis this quarter. Adjusting the third quarter of last year's net investment income accordingly, this quarter's net investment income on an APTI basis actually grew $271 million compared to the prior year, reflecting stronger income on both hedge funds and private equity.
 Turning to other operations. The adjusted pretax loss after consolidation and eliminations was $562 million, $62 million higher than the third quarter of 2019, principally due to additional interest expense from our May 2020 issuance of $4.1 billion of senior notes to prefund upcoming maturities.
 Parent and service company GOE declined $50 million pretax, reflecting AIG's continued focus on expense reduction. Our Legacy segment or adjusted pretax income no longer reflects Fortitude at $89 million of APTI in the quarter, slightly down compared to the third quarter of 2019 due to lower income as a result of Fortitude sale, offset by higher gains on fair value option portfolios within the Legacy investments. Legacy's results also reflected a favorable impact of $13 million related to the annual actuarial assumption update.
 Now turning to the balance sheet. At September 30, 2020, book value per common share was $73.86, down 1% from the prior year-end but up 3% from June 2020. Adjusted book value per share, which excludes AOCI and DTA and net cumulative unrealized gains on the Fortitude funds withheld assets, was $56.78 per share, up 2% sequentially from June 30.
 At September 30, AIG parent had cash and short-term liquidity assets of $10.7 billion after third quarter dividends of holding company expenses as well as the August debt maturity of $638 million. Looking into next quarter, we expect to pay the balance of the IRS tax settlement on cross-border transactions that date back to the 1990s. During the second quarter, we had prepaid approximately $548 million related to principal and penalties. We recently settled the litigation associated with that case and are awaiting potentially by year-end, the final interest calculation from the IRS. We have requested interest netting, which may lower the total amount below our remaining settlement estimate, which we have accrued at $1.2 billion.
 As for debt leverage, we reduced that ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the third quarter, driven by maturing debt, which had been prefunded and growth in retained earnings.
 Finally, our primary operating subsidiaries remain profitable and well capitalized despite the continuing impact of low rates, credit experience and COVID. For General Insurance, we estimate the U.S. pool fleet risk-based capital ratio for the third quarter to be between 430% and 440%; in Life and Retirement, it's estimated to be between 410% and 420%, both above our target ranges and both providing a good buffer for the uncertainty of the current environment.
 With that, I will now turn it back over to Brian. 
Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Mark. I guess it's time for the Q&A portion of this. So operator, why don't we start? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We can now take our first question from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, Peter, is going back to your comments on Life and Retirement. You mentioned the option for the separation was either an IPO or a private sale. But then in reference to both, it sounds like you mentioned 19.9%. So I guess I'm confused on what a private sale -- could you go down the route of a private sale of 19.9% of L&R with subsequent sales after that? If I can just get some clarity on that comment, please. 
Brian Duperreault: Peter, go ahead and take that, please? 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thanks, Elyse. Yes, the 19.9% was referencing to the IPO. And we said that there could be -- we can't predict the future but that there could be an approach for a private sale, but it would be for the same percentage, the 19.9% or less, that we would not consider anything that would be above that. So I would think about whether it's the IPO or in the event of something came from a private party that it would be the 19.9% or less as an initial first step. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then so if it was a 19.9% to a private party, I guess, then you'd just be looking for subsequent sales down the road. Is there a time frame if it was a private sale or, I guess, the IPO for the -- as you think of these 2, 19.9% option for the full disposition of L&R? 
Peter Zaffino: Got you. Okay. Yes. So really, the time line, Elyse, I would think like whether we pursue a minority IPO or sale, we're going to make that decision in the near term, and we'd like to communicate that promptly. I mean the ultimate closing of an IPO or sale will depend on regulatory or other required approvals. And we'd like to think we can close on the first step of separation in 2021. But of course, we'll have to see how the process unfolds. 
Operator: We can now take our next question from Josh Shanker of Bank of America. 
Joshua Shanker: So the first question was the general guidance around growing premium volumes next year. Is that exclusive of what happens with travel and accident premiums? 
Brian Duperreault: Well, I think that's a Peter question. Peter? 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Josh. It was not exclusive. I mean we believe that we can grow the top line for General Insurance, even in those conditions where we would have a prolonged headwind in Travel, but we think that we can grow the top line without caveats. 
Joshua Shanker: And for those who look at the third quarter liability, premium numbers down in the low double-digit range, given where pricing is. So it sounds like there's some concerns about your appetite for liability business at this price. You've obviously run a lot of liability business in the last couple of years. How does that reflect on your confidence on the last couple of years of books and the attractiveness of writing liability business on -- in November 2020? 
Brian Duperreault: Go ahead, Peter. 
Peter Zaffino: Well, we've been doing the reunderwriting of the liability lines for a couple of years now. And so we've seen the shift in the portfolio in a very positive way. I think what you'll see on the net premium written is just a lot of reinsurance cessions just because we put in excess of loss and quota share. In this particular year, we had even more cessions on the quota share. But we feel very good about the way in which we are positioning that portfolio. We do think that we can grow that portfolio on the top line. And the rate-on-rate increases that we're getting in the Casualty and liability lines are meaningful and, we believe, are above loss cost. So I wouldn't read into it. I would say that it's part of the remediation, it's part of reinsurance, and we think that we are in a position to grow it. 
Joshua Shanker: Would you care to share the gross premium written growth? 
Peter Zaffino: I'm sorry? 
Brian Duperreault: Say that again, Josh. 
Joshua Shanker: Would you care to share an idea about the gross written premium growth in liability, whether it was much less than down low double digits? 
Peter Zaffino: No, I would -- it's the same comment. I think we can grow the top line on a gross basis as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Peter, when you -- the guidance with respect to the below 90% underlying combined ratio, and I assume that's kind of run rate as you go out end of '22. How do we kind of think about that expense ratio, kind of loss ratio? As you kind of think about it, how much is going to be AIG 200 related? 
Brian Duperreault: Go ahead, Brian -- or go ahead, Peter. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes, it's end of 2022 run rate, and we just thought about as we start to exit 2022. But I think all of the variables will contribute to the improved combined ratio. So I gave you some guidance on -- in my prepared remarks on AIG 200. So we remain committed to the billion dollars, and so we'll recognize $300 million of that as an exit run rate this year.
 So you could think about a couple of hundred basis points contributing to expense improvement during that period of time. We feel very good about the opportunity to grow the top line. And so we will start to see top line growth, which will help the ratios. We think we will have a revised reinsurance program that will reflect the portfolio that we have today. And so the vast reunderwriting to pivot to where we are today, we will have a different reinsurance structure going forward, and we will likely not need quite as much.
 And then the last piece is just the rate increases above loss cost will start to earn into the portfolio. And so I think all of those 4 variables will contribute to an improved combined ratio below the 90%. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome of Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Perhaps you could just talk about the prioritization for use of proceeds, if you do, could be IPO or sale of Life business and if that would be different from what you expected in the past. 
Brian Duperreault: So I think, Paul, the question was use of proceeds from the IPO. I think I got that right. And if that's the case, Mark, would you take that question? 
Mark Lyons: Sure. Thanks, Paul, thanks for the question. Well, our primary focus for the proceeds from any initial disposition will be to reduce AIG's debt leverage. But we'll continuously to review the best use of our capital, which certainly includes share repurchases, and act accordingly based upon those priorities. 
Brian Duperreault: Paul, was there another part to the question because you were a little unclear in my audio? 
Jon Paul Newsome: No. I mean that was the focus of it, but maybe if you could just further that in terms of the debt leverage procedures. I mean my sense was you've sort of already prefunded all of those debt leverage. So I guess I'm a little bit surprised that there's more to do. 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Mark, can you take that? 
Mark Lyons: Sure, sure. So since you talked about that, Paul, so AIG clearly has strong liquidity. That was bolstered by the $4.1 billion debt raise we did in May of this year. That attractively prefunded those forthcoming maturities, right, and provided liquidity from a risk management perspective. But the near-term capital management strategy remains focused, though, on reducing our debt level to leverage ratios and executing on this separation with Life and Retirement from AIG.
 So -- but as previously noted, though, we have upcoming obligations associated with that liquidity of roughly $3.5 billion. So we've got the tax settlement that I'd mentioned in my prepared remarks, that could be up to $1.2 billion. And we have maturing debt that we did prefund, which pushed up the leverage ratio knowingly. But we know that's coming due at a $700 million range in fourth quarter and $1.5 billion by March of 2021. So we really have -- those priorities are right in front of us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore. 
Thomas Gallagher: Peter, you mentioned that you don't intend to break up the Life Insurance business and sell it off in pieces. I guess my question is, we've seen some recent indications in the market that private values are potentially double that of current public market values of life insurers. Have you taken that into consideration and still concluded your path is the best one for shareholders? 
Brian Duperreault: Tom, let me take that one, and Peter can add to it. I think you just have to understand that when we look at our Life business, we believe the ongoing strength of it is the breadth of the platforms. They've unequal product and distribution. We've got leading market positions. And there's a lot of cross-unit synergies. So the integrated platform, we believe, provides the kind of knowledge and expertise and stability and that's more valuable together than in pieces. And so we've cleaned it up. We've done a lot of derisking, but L&R really is a beautiful machine where these things all interact. So we believe that some of the products is definitely greater. I mean the whole is greater than each of the parts, I'll say, the right way. I hope that helps, Tom.
 Peter, do you want to add anything to that? 
Peter Zaffino: So I think between my prepared remarks and your comments, Brian, we did look at many alternatives and just believe that the consistent performance that Life and Retirement has produced as it's structured is going to create the most shareholder value, keeping it together. 
Thomas Gallagher: I appreciate that, guys. Just my follow-up is the -- back in 2016, there was an estimate of capital diversification breakage of over $5 billion. It sounds like that's a lot less now. Is there still some dissynergy in capital diversification? And if so, could you quantify it? 
Brian Duperreault: Well, I guess, I'm going to throw that one, Tom, to Mark. Mark, can you just take us through that? 
Mark Lyons: Sure, sure. So Tom, 2015 is quite a while ago. And as you know, there's been massive changes to the portfolio pretty much across the board. So I mean when you think about it, not only from 2015, but when Brian arrived in 2017, you've got a targeted risk reduction program that really went across the board with a revamped risk appetite, no matter how you looked at it. So that's been successfully implemented on both sides of the balance sheet, and it's involved the parent and GI and Life and Retirement and investments. And the operating subsidiary RBC, and risk-based capital, is strong for both GI and for L&R and the volatility in total and within each of those operations has clearly been markedly reduced.
 So -- and just as a little bit of a remembrance, so you see exactly the kind of risk reduction, which involves all the things you asked about. So the investment derisking, the Fortitude transaction, which we went into great detail, moving not only $35 billion of reserves, $31 billion of it was on Life and Retirement and $4-plus billion on GI, but it's also what constitutes those reserves. So when you look under the covers and you see a lot of structured settlement reserves and a lot of single premium immediate annuity reserves, those are clearly loaded with interest rate risk.
 So now that type of volatility and that kind of issue has now been pushed off as well. We have the ADC that we put into place with General Insurance that still has $6.4 billion unused, representing an 80% cession. The underwriting change to the book that has been massive, both on the front end and a proper reinsurance structure to protect it, as Peter always talked about.
 Consequence, the P&Ls have gone down enormously. The marketplace taking advantage of that with improved earnings by driving compound rate and improved terms and conditions but trimming the portfolio the right way, not just renewing books of business but getting into classes and things doing it properly.
 And not only on that, we've got the -- what we kind of referenced earlier, which was the debt rates that we had that allowed us to having risk management -- liquidity risk management capability in front of the prefunding of those maturing debt securities. So I think all in, we've got a lot of strength in earnings, a lot of strength in -- of lesser volatility around those earnings, and there is certainly a reduction in all those things combined. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: My first question goes to the financial leverage commentary around separation. It sounds like you're comfortable and confident in the leverage that will be achieved by both entities after separation. Today, I think the leverage is still a bit higher than where the Life and P&C Groups are at. So I guess, if I try to connect the dots there, is that why you're talking about a 19.9% sale at first to potentially fund some of that decreased leverage and then you'd consider selling the rest? 
Brian Duperreault: Well, look, since you brought up the 19, and I would have given this to Mark, but Peter, you might want to comment on 19.9% first, and then maybe Mark can go into the leverage question. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes, I think, Yaron, it is largely in my script, which is the 19.9% does preserve the foreign tax credits and that's a meaningful number today, but we will earn out of that. But I think -- Mark, I don't know if you want to go in a little bit deeper as to the deconsolidation issues. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Well, as Peter said, the 19.9% certainly -- because you still consolidate. So you still continue to reap the benefits as he's noted, which is why it's important, number one. And number two is the shrinkage of that, the consumption of that has really been pretty evident over the older years to where we are now. And with L&R and GI -- because think about it, Yaron, L&R has really been the big consumer of -- for the DTA, especially on the FTC, that's the foreign tax credit side. But now you have 2 strong platforms with a lot of great prospects on a go-forward basis where both can use and both can consume that. So I think that's important.
 Now getting back to the structure, both -- all the AIG subsidiaries really are strongly capitalized today. And we do anticipate, though, that each of the General Insurance and Life and Retirement businesses will maintain strong RBC levels and will have a leverage ratio that's consistent with the respective peers and ratings. And we'll be working closely with our regulators and rating agencies, as Peter referenced, throughout this process to validate our analysis. And our intention is to remain at or above our target ratings of these operating subsidiaries. So we believe as separate organizations, both will have sufficient financial flexibility to compete effectively and to generate returns above their individual cost of capital. So again, to reiterate, at this time, with all in, we do not anticipate the need for additional equity capital in either business as part of the separation. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question, with regards to the guidance for 2022, combined ratio has been below 90%. And I think, Peter, you may have touched on this with your answer to Josh earlier. Did you need for the rate momentum to achieve that? 
Brian Duperreault: Well, Peter, what do you think? 
Peter Zaffino: In the current rate environment? 
Yaron Kinar: Yes. Yes. Does that need to continue? 
Peter Zaffino: No, we don't. I mean, again, I would have to -- when I'm looking through the future, I would have to talk myself out of it, not into it in terms of the underlying fundamentals as to will this continue or not. But we did not predicate getting below 90% combined at the end of 2022 with the rate environment that we're in today. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis of Autonomous Research. 
Ryan Tunis: Just a follow-up on Tom's question about, I guess, why the outright separation is the right path forward rather than more of a piecemeal approach. And it sounded like Brian gave sort of the strategic rationale for it. But you guys also mentioned that you looked at capital and tax considerations when you decide on what you're going to do. So what, if any, of the capital and tax considerations that made this a better path than more of a piecemeal process of selling the Life business in parts? 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Ryan, let me start with this. So when you -- when we looked at this question, the question is does Life and Retirement and GI belong together? Or are they better apart? And the kind of conclusion was they were better apart. So let me look at the Life and Retirement, and you say, okay, is the Life and Retirement better together or apart? And it's the same kind of process. As I outlined it, we believe that the Life and Retirement business itself, as I said earlier, really is well integrated. There's a synergy around them that produces greater value than separating them. So that was -- we didn't see that value between Life and Retirement and General Insurance, but we see the value in the Life and Retirement business, where there is a creation of value because they are together. And that was the strategic decision.
 The question, is it practical to separate and all that? We went through all that. And we have the capital. We believe we can get the -- we have the ability to appropriately stand up L&R, I should say. So -- but it really fell on that very simple process. I hope that helps, Ryan. 
Ryan Tunis: Yes, it does. And then, I guess, just for Peter, it's early, but thinking about the dissynergies associated with stranded cost, that type of thing. I mean when you think about the cost base of the company, I just -- I'd like to hear your early thoughts on any complexities there. 
Brian Duperreault: Go ahead, Peter. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thank you. So I would think about -- if I was -- if we're going to do an IPO with Life and Retirement, there will be additional investment in order to have that company stand up on its own. But how I would think about it is that the benefits of AIG 200 to Life and Retirement will be at or more than what the investment costs were. So there'll be no additional costs in terms of the run rate today.
 And then I do think that there will be more expense synergies at AIG post separation, and we're working through that. And that would be in addition to AIG 200, and we'll just give you some more insight in one of our future quarter calls as we do a little bit more ground-up work on it. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Great. On the fourth quarter '19 call, I think we got the sense that the underlying accident year loss ratio improvement would be more pronounced in 2021 than in 2020. Is that still the expectation? 
Brian Duperreault: Peter? 
Peter Zaffino: Well, I mean, Meyer, I just want to make sure I understand the question. Is it really in terms of rate above loss cost? Or like, I just want to make sure I understand what you're asking. 
Meyer Shields: I guess, I mean you talked about how rate above loss cost is helping 2020, but I'm wondering whether that would -- any of that improvement was originally expected more in 2021 and has been pulled forward. Or is it just the absolute better pricing environment? 
Peter Zaffino: Mark, do you want to just take that on the -- like what we're getting on the policy year and rate cost increase? 
Mark Lyons: Sure. Sure, happy to. Thank you, Meyer. So I think one thing that's been clear from the informations Peter has provided not only this call but at prior calls is we don't see any reduction of the rate of increase. It's -- one, it's global not just centered in the U.S.; and secondly, we don't see it falling off in virtually all the major areas that we've discussed. I think some others may, but we have not. And I think that's tantamount to the continued professionalism of the underwriting group.
 So think of it this way. So if you have that kind of strength by policy quarter, effective quarter, and if that continues to build, it's going to flow off increasing rate adequacy into future calendar quarters. So '20, it's going to have a very strong year, and I see nothing in the way stopping 2021 from being marginally better than that. 
Brian Duperreault: Meyer, do you have a follow-up? 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Just a quick one. Is it possible that the proceeds from the sale or IPO of Life and Retirement can be used -- who can use the DTA? 
Brian Duperreault: It could be used to -- I didn't hear that last -- that last piece of the question. 
Meyer Shields: Yes. Is it possible that you can use some of the tax credits you come up against the proceeds from the partial sale or IPO of Life and Retirement? 
Brian Duperreault: Well, Mark, I think that's you. 
Mark Lyons: It's actually much more complicated, and there's legal structures involved. That's -- there's no short answer to that, but other than to say, not really. 
Brian Duperreault: I think that's the best way to leave it, Meyer.
 So look, I want to once again thank you all for joining us today. I'm very pleased with the progress we've made at AIG, and I think third quarter certainly is another indication of the fact that we are on the right track. And I got to tell, our colleagues really continue to impress me with their dedication and loyalty to our company and all our stakeholders. It's an exciting time at AIG. We continue to manage through unprecedented circumstances across the globe while elevating our market-leading businesses. And we look forward to 2021. I remain confident that our team will continue to execute on our strategies for growth, and we'll separate the Life and Retirement business from AIG. So we look forward to updating you on future calls. Have a great day. Thank you very much. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sabra Purtill: Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Todays will cover AIG's second quarter 2020 financial results announced yesterday afternoon. The news release, financial results presentation and financial supplement were posted on our website at www.aig.com, and the 10-Q for the quarter will be filed later today after the call.
Brian Duperreault: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe. Like last quarter our team is participating on the call from different locations. I'm joined by Peter, Kevin and Mike and Doug Dachille, our Chief Investment Officer will also be available for Q&A. AIG continues to show remarkable strength and resiliency as COVID-19 remains a formidable and ongoing catastrophe. Our global workforce has adjusted to working remotely and I am incredibly proud of how the team has become more unified and focused on supporting each other, our clients and other stakeholders during this unprecedented time. Throughout the second quarter, we continue to build on the strong foundation created since late 2017 to instil a culture of underwriting excellence, adjusted risk tolerances and implement a best-in-class reinsurance program. These actions strengthened and protected our balance sheet and are allowing us to effectively manage through COVID-19 and its collateral effects on the global economy in addition to natural catastrophes. We also made progress on strategic initiatives across AIG, including the early June closing of the sale of a majority stake in Fortitude, which significantly de-risked our balance sheet and represented the vast majority of our legacy portfolio. Our focus on de-risking is also reflected in how the overall investment portfolio was held up during this extended period of market uncertainty.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Brian. And good morning, everyone. Today I plan to provide more detail on Brian's comments regarding the General Insurance second quarter results, COVID-19, the current market environment and I will finish with an update on AIG 200. This month marks my third anniversary of joining Brian at AIG and when I look back at where we started our journey, the progress our team has made is extraordinary. As we've discussed on prior calls, during our first year at AIG we determined the GI portfolio required a complete overhaul in terms of underwriting culture, establishing global standards and dramatically altering limits deployed. In addition, we knew that our businesses needed to be repositioned in the marketplace to become more competitive and relevant to clients. We also moved quickly to design a comprehensive global reinsurance program, which has been evolving as our portfolio improves. This program vastly reduced volatility and unpredictability in outcomes and was a critical component of our overall strategy, allowing us to move faster in re-underwriting the GI portfolio. We built a world-class team and a strengthened bench across the world and our completely revamped risk appetite was successfully communicated to and accepted by the marketplace. We also achieved our goal of entering 2020 with an underwriting profit and since the second quarter of 2018 our adjusted accident year combined ratio has gone from 101% to 94.9%, a 610 basis point improvement. This is a result of the outstanding work done by the team and we've built considerable momentum that will allow us to continue to improve our financial results. With respect to our global commercial portfolio, it has been significantly remediated and while there will always be opportunities for improvement this portfolio is now positioned for further strengthening, more diversification and profitable growth. In Personal Insurance, as I outlined in our last call, we significantly de-risked private client group, known as PCG with the creation of Syndicate 2019 through our partnership with Lloyd's. In addition in late June, we announced an agreement to transition the PCG upper middle market clients to Liberty Mutual and Heritage Insurance this fall. PCG is a market leader and the innovative capital structure we carefully designed with Lloyd's, coupled with the disposition of our upper middle market business allows us to now focus on the areas in the high net worth segment where we bring the most value clients, as well as our brokers and agents.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, Peter. And good morning, everyone. Today I will discuss overall Life & Retirement results for the second quarter, our current outlook and the results for each of our businesses. Life & Retirement recorded adjusted pre-tax income of $881 million for the quarter and delivered adjusted return on attributed common equity of 13.2%. With a significant rebound in equity markets during the quarter, we saw favorable benefits to both reserves and deferred acquisition costs, which had been impacted by negative equity market returns in the first quarter. This market recovery is not reflected in our private equity returns for the quarter, since they are generally reported on a one quarter lag. Adjusted pre-tax income decreased by $168 million from the very strong second quarter of last year, driven by unfavorable mortality resulting from COVID-19, lower returns from fair value option bonds to the volatile credit spreads, and the expected spread compression. Our current quarter also benefited from significant yield enhancements related to low interest rates, whereas results for the second quarter last year reflected a large IPO gain from a single private equity holding. Recognizing the limits of sensitivities, especially in times of macroeconomic stress and historic volatility, the sensitivities we previously provided have generally continued to hold up. However, our reported base investments spread compression is higher than we would otherwise expect, as we have continued to maintain liquidity and have held higher levels of cash on our balance sheet. Excluding the impact from this larger liquidity position, our base investment spreads would continue to be in the 8 to 16 basis point range of annual spread compression. Relative to equity markets and total yields, we have also updated our sensitivity estimates as of the end of the second quarter. We would expect a plus or minus 1% change in equity market returns to respectively increase or decrease adjusted pre-tax income by approximately $40 million to $50 million annually, a modest increase based on higher market levels than the first quarter. As to rates, a plus or minus 10 basis point movement on 10-year reinvestment rates would increase or decrease earnings by approximately $5 million to $15 million annually consistent with prior quarter. As always, it is important to note that these market sensitivity ranges are not exact nor linear, since our earnings are also impacted by the timing and degree of movements, as well as other factors. Our risk management and discipline are serving us well in these challenging times, noting our hedging program has continued to perform as expected and our balance sheet remained strong. We currently estimate our fleet risk-based capital ratio for the second quarter to be between 420% and 430%, well above our target range of 375% to 400%, providing a good buffer for the uncertainty of the current environment. Further, as we have repriced and restructured many of our products, our new business margins generally remain within our targets at currently minimal returns  Sales were significantly lower in the quarter, especially in the retail annuity market, as our distribution partners responded to their own challenges. Towards the end of the quarter, we began to see improvement in retail annuity activity, as our distribution partners responded to the new environment. As of today, based on early indications, we have seen a strong rebound in sales compared to June and our retail new business pipeline continues to build, suggesting improving volumes from historically low second quarter levels. Our broad position across products and channels has been especially advantageous during these times. For example, as retail annuity sales languished in the second quarter, we expanded our pension risk transfer business, concluding several significant reinsurance transactions. We remain well-positioned and confident to deploy capital as attractive opportunities arise across our businesses. Now, I will turn to our second quarter results for each of our businesses. The challenging sales environment for individual retirement that I noted resulted in negative net flows for annuities. For group retirement, premiums and deposits decreased due to lower new group acquisitions, as well as reduced individual product sales. Despite lower sales, net flows were essentially flat due to lower group and individual surrenders  For our Life Insurance business, total premiums and deposits increased due to higher international life premiums. Our estimate for the impact from excess mortality of all causes, including COVID-19 is also in a  level of mortality net of reinsurance and longevity offsets that is modestly higher than pricing assumptions. Based on a small and evolving dataset, we currently estimate that around 40% of our COVID-19 related death claims reflect an acceleration of claims we would have otherwise experienced in the next five years. Our recent mortality experience will be factored into our longer term experience studies in our annual review of actuarial assumptions which will occur in the third quarter. In isolation, we do not currently expect COVID-19 losses to have a large impact on our long term mortality assumptions. For institutional markets, adjusted pre-tax income was favorably impacted by the yield enhancement activity I noted earlier. We significantly grew premiums and deposits and continue to develop attractive new opportunities across the portfolio. In particular, the pipeline for pension risk transfer opportunities, both direct and through reinsurance is very strong. To close, we remain well-positioned to meet the ever growing needs for protection, retirement savings and lifetime income solutions. Now, I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Kevin and good morning all. AIG produced strong underlying performance this quarter, particularly in the thematic areas of risk reduction, liquidity and capital preservation. Overall, AIG reported adjusted pre-tax income of $803 million and adjusted after tax income of $571 million or $0.66 per diluted share, compared to a $1.3 billion or a $1.43 per share in the second quarter of 2019. The key drivers of the year-over-year reduction were higher catastrophe losses from COVID and civil unrest, along with lower net investment income. Positive contributions stem from continued improvement in general insurances, adjusted accident year results, stronger likely retirement returns and our ongoing disciplined focus on costs. As Peter noted, the continued focus on general insurance underwriting profitability and expense management drove 120 basis point improvement in the accident year combined ratio ex-CAT. However, commercial lines was even stronger with a 400 basis point improvement on a global basis, made up of a 320 basis point improvement in North America and 500 basis points of improvement in international. General Insurance's second quarter APGI  was a $175 million, down $805 from the second quarter of 2019, due to a $350 million reduction in net investment income, driven by the combined impact of alternative investment losses and the continued impact of lower reinvestment rates on available for sale income and a $500 million increase in catastrophe losses. Peter discussed second quarter catastrophe losses, but I'd point out that in the aggregate they represent 11.9 loss ratio points and that the non-COVID non-civil unrest CAT reserves represent just 1.6 loss ratio points versus 2.6 loss ratio points in the second quarter of 2019. Prior period development was net favorable by $74 million, $53 million of which was associated with the amortization of the ADC deferred gain. For North America personal lines, the combined impact of lower travel premiums and the Syndicate 2019 structure sessions caused a sharp change in business mix within the segment for the quarter, which impacted both the loss ratio and expense ratio compared to the prior year. These impacts, which include some catch-up premiums caused the net written premiums to be negative for the quarter. The structure however should significantly reduce the future only combined ratio volatility of the Personal lines book, while allowing us to continue to profitably grow this business. Looking forward to 2021, we anticipate retaining approximately 25% of the PCG premium. However for the balance of 2020 for the totality of the North America personal insurance segment, as reported in our financial supplement, we estimate roughly $425 million and $325 million of net written premium and net earned premium respectively for each of the next two quarters. Turning to Life & Retirement. As Kevin mentioned, Life & Retirement achieved a 13.2% annualized return on attributed equity for the quarter, that $881 million of APTI was aided by lower DAC amortization due to the recovery of the financial markets, after the large increase in amortization in the first quarter of 2020 related to that quarter's market decline. So a better measure is the year-to-date nearly 11% return on attributed equity. Kevin described the market through his various product sets, but it should also be noted that surrender/LAP rates were noticeably lower for both individual and group retirement, as well as the life unit of both the quarter over quarter and sequential basis. Shifting to Investments. Net investment income on an APTI basis was $3.2 billion or $537 million lower than the second quarter of 2019 and impacted both General Insurance and Life & Retirement APTI. The reduction was primarily driven by a $514  million year-over-year negative swing in private equity results, with $276 million of losses recorded in this second quarter compared with a particularly high amount in second quarter of 2019 reserve  returns, which it has included a one-time large IPO gain. Like others in the industry, we generally report private equity on a one quarter lag due to the timing evaluation information received from the managers. So the second quarter's loss reflects March 31 2020 valuations. On a sequential basis, however, APTI net investment income improved by almost $500 million from the first quarter, even though the second quarter only had two months of Fortitude related NII. This reflects the impact of the strong capital market recovery in the second quarter on hedge funds and fair value option income. But please note that in future quarters APTI and after tax income will not include Fortitude, although the investments themselves will continue to be included on our GAAP balance sheet. We'll get into more of that too. Turning to other operations, the adjusted pre-tax loss after consolidations and eliminations was $510 million, an improvement of $25 million sequentially and $76 million of improvement from the fourth quarter of 2019. Reflecting AIGs continuous focus on expense reductions, corporate interest expense was slightly higher due to our May bond issuance and will increase corporate interest expense for the second half of 2020 and into the first half of 2021. Our legacy segment had $257 million of APTI in the quarter, $96 million of which was from Fortitude before the impact of not-consolidating interests. The remaining $161 million is related to other one-off General Insurance, Life & Retirement and Investment portfolios. As Brian noted, on June 2nd we completed the sale of Fortitude and because it closed during the quarter the second quarter included earnings for April and May only in APTI. The net earnings on the funds withheld assets are excluded from APTI for the month of June, as the economics of those assets were shifted to Fortitude upon closing. Now shifting from adjusted after tax income to GAAP below the line impacts on net income attributable to common shareholders equity. The second quarter included two largely non-economic items I'd like to unpack. The first item which I focused on during our last call involves the GAAP recognition of our variable annuity hedging program, which requires a non-performance adjustment or NPA. In the second quarter, we recorded an approximate $1 billion GAAP pre-tax loss, which is shown and discussed on pages 158 through 160 of the 10-Q, which will be filed later today. And this represents a partial reversal of the large gains we recorded in the first quarter of 2020, as our hedge program is designed to offset interest rate and equity market changes on annuity reserves. The second item involves the sale of Fortitude. As Brian noted, the completion of this majority stake sale represents a significant milestone in de-risking our balance sheet and improving our asset liability management profile. However, it also created a lot of noise on a GAAWP basis, so I will highlight five key impacts that cut through the associated complex accounting. But I will also direct you to the robust disclosures we've included in our slides, financial supplement and 10-Q to help navigate the accounting involved. Additionally, our investor relations staff now stands ready to help with your understanding. The five core highlights I'd like to make sure we communicate are as follows. First, nearly $35 billion of GAAP reserves are now recoverable from a fully collateralized third party re-insurer in which AIG now retains a 3.5% interest. Second and perhaps most importantly is the recognition that the GAAP accounting impact is largely non-economic, as this transaction had no adverse impact on the statutory capital of our insurance company. The assets are marked to fair value, but GAAP reserving practices don't reflect analogous fair value adjustments on the liabilities. Accordingly had the policyholder benefit reserves been fair valued to reflect current low interest rates their fair value would have been higher and have more closely aligned the GAAP accounting with the true underlying economics. Third, from a GAAP accounting perspective the impact on common shareholders equity is a $4.3 billion reduction. However, the impact on adjusted common shareholders equity is a lesser $2.5 Billion reduction with the major difference being an adjustment for $4.2 billion of unrealized appreciation on the supporting funds withheld assets included in our AOCI. As you recall, AOCI is one of the items historically removed in AIGs definition of adjusted common shareholders equity. Fourth, the components of the $6.7 billion dollar GAAP net income loss are comprised of two broad items. First is a loss on de-consolidation of the previously disclosed $2.7 billion for prepaid reinsurance assets and deferred acquisition expenses. The second item is the loss on sale which totaled $4 billion, which is primarily due to the increase in Fortitude GAAP equity from mark-to-market on the investment portfolio, primarily the funds withheld assets. Fifth, AIG has updated several non-GAAP financial measures this quarter to remove asymmetrical accounting treatments. There will be ongoing below the line volatility in our GAAP result. So to help navigate this, our continuing disclosures, plus our Investor Relations team will drive understanding of this asymmetry and the need for these definitional adjustments. And lastly on this, we will be-re segmenting before year end to better align with management's view of assessing operating performance, given the legacy segments now expected de minimis contribution to APTI. Turning to the balance sheet. At June 30th 2020 book value per share was $71.64, down 2.7% from one year ago and adjusted book value per share, which excludes AOCI, the DTA and unrealized gains on the Fortitude funds withheld assets was down 1.7% from one year ago. During the quarter, tighter credit spreads compared to March 31 reversed the negative mark-to-market impact on AFS securities that we had at March 31, with a net increase in AOCI of $10.2 billion in the second quarter. We continue to place a high emphasis on maintaining ample liquidity and a strong capital position in this economic environment. At June 30, AIG had parent liquidity of $10.7 billion. This is in addition to our fully undrawn $4.5 billion revolving credit facility. During the second quarter, we issued $4.1 billion of senior debt and receive $2.2 billion of proceeds related to the sale of Fortitude, of which $1.3 billion were retained at parent. We also repaid our precautionary $1.3 billion March 2020 credit facility borrowing in full and made a $548 million pre payments to the IRS related to principal and penalties on our previously disclosed tax settlement on cross border transactions that date back to the 1990s. We will pay the balance of this settlement up to $1.2 billion pending receipt of the final interest calculation potentially by the end of this year, with the ultimate amount depending on the potential application of interest netting for the crude interest calculation which AIG has requested. We do not plan to repurchase shares in the near term and have $1.3 billion in maturity senior notes in the second half of 2020, as well as $1.5 billion of maturing notes in the first quarter of 2021. All of which will be funded with cash on hand. Turning to subsidiary capital. AIG's insurance fleet capitalization and liquidity levels remained very strong. At June 30th, RBC fleet ratios for General Insurances US pool as for Life & Retirement are above the prior year levels and above the higher end of our target operating ranges, providing solid buffers for absorbing potential COVID-19 losses, capital market volatility or credit impacts. Also, our ratings and stable outlook were affirmed by S&P following its regular annual review. We continue to prioritize liquidity, strong operating capitalization and financial flexibility as we navigate this ongoing uncertain environment. Our balance sheet and liquidity are strong and our investment portfolio is diversified and significantly derisked compared to years past. We remain focused on the continuing improvement of General Insurance profitability, managing Life & Retirement prudently in a low interest rate environment and executing AIG 200 on schedule and on budget. We are convinced that AIG will exit this unusual crisis as a stronger, more resilient company. And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Mark. I think it's time for Q&A. So operator, can we start the Q&A process?
Operator: Thank you.  Well now take our first question from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. And good morning, Brian and everybody. First question, focus on North America Commercial lines where your core loss ratio improvement  looks pretty decent on the surface. I guess, I'm going to dive into that a little bit. You know, we've seen some competitors talk about some frequency benefits, because of COVID. I suspect that's not much the case here. But I want to make sure, given your, you know, your book of business, high layers, high limits and larger corporate accounts, that may not see - you may not be seeing as much frequency benefit from COVID in that core loss ratio for North America Commercial. So can you maybe talk about that a little bit and go through whats really behind that 1.7  improvement?
Brian Duperreault: Well, I think that's - Michael, that's a good question for Peter and the frequency benefits or lack thereof. Peter, can you answer that?
Peter Zaffino: Yeah, sure. Brian, thank you and good morning, Michael. Youre correct, we did not take the frequency benefits in the quarter. If there was any sign of a better frequency relative to expectations, it was in some of our international business in auto in Japan. But we've seen that over the last several quarters. You know, when you think about - I'm going to go to workers compensation, because I think that's the one that stands out the most, which is you know, we've had frequency in COVID, it's typically I would say 70% in industries related to healthcare. But it's very unique because again, we have high retentions, most of that over 90% is related to businesses where we have a deductible of $1 million or greater. So that frequency really hasn't impacted us. And then we have seen a commensurate reduction in frequency in non-COVID related claims. Again, their observation this quarter, again, a lot of is on retention business, but we haven't recognized it yet because we want to see how it emerges. You know, one thing back on COVID workers comp, which is very interesting is that, over 50% of the claims that we've seen over the last four months, about 50% of them are already closed. So it's a very different type of loss relative to workers compensation. Other the lines that we've seen in the liability and auto, again, it'll be slow to recognize that, we've seen reduced frequency and well give you an update next quarter once we have a little bit more experience.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great. Thank you. Second question would be throughout all last year, you guys were one of the few companies that did actually have a margin improvement, and that's because of all your renovating  opportunities done for the past couple years. I guess, can you talk about where are you in that process? And what inning are you in with the efforts  You mentioned rate, now we're all getting rates or rates from all trend you said. But how much of that re-underwriting effort has been done and how much more still can be done?
Brian Duperreault: Okay, Michael, I think again, that's Peter.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah, Michael. So I think we're in a really good place. I mean, you know, we - when I said in my opening comments, what are the areas where we had headwinds in new business, which I think the industry has seen when everybody was going to work remotely, what drove the growth, it was driven by better retention, we had, you know, 400 basis points of improvement, in international 500 basis points improvement on retention of our clients within North America. So I think that reflects that we like the portfolio, and we're trying to be very helpful to our clients and distribution partners by deploying capital, of course, you know, in a different dynamic and need to make sure that we're getting the appropriate returns. And I think you saw that in the rate. So I think the combination of retention of a portfolio we like and we can grow, combined with a positive rate environment, I think contributed to the overall growth on the NPW commercial.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, Michael.
Michael Phillips: Thanks.
Brian Duperreault: Next question, please.
Operator: Well now take our next question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is also related to the Commercial business. You guys mentioned some of the prices that you're getting on into the double digits on and said that that's in excess of trend. Could you just give us a sense on you know, where loss trends fit in your commercial business and how that's, you know, changed so far this year, just as we think about kind of the spread between price and loss trend on that, you know, can start running through your margin?
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Elyse, thanks. I think in terms of trends, et cetera, certainly Mark is the better responder. Mark, can you answer the question?
Mark Lyons: Yeah. Thank you, Brian. Appreciate that. Hello, Elyse. So you know, in the areas, I think that mostly asking about, take like excess businesses, that trend, pure loss cost trend is approaching double digits. When you get into auto, it's a little bit less, probably in the 7%, 8% area. And then other primary lines are a little less than that. But you've got - when you weigh it all together with things like you know, with property and other loss sensitive-related exposure bases, it kind of drops it off. So there's - I'm not going to get into the weighted average in total, but Ill tell you that we look at every single line and reflect that in our thinking. I wanted to give you the range where it could be a couple percentage points and some short tail lines up to almost double digits and some more volatile excess line.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful. And then my second question is on the earned premium, I guess on Commercial lines and you know, Personal lines is impacted by that quota share. But within Commercial we've seen some pretty good growth in both North America and internationally on the written  side, but earned on, no, it's still decelerating just given, you know, a lot of your business mix actions that you took. So is it right way to think about it that, you know, just given the earn-ins, we could see some pressure on that earned within Commercial over the balance of the year and that could start to see some growth in 2021?
Brian Duperreault: Mark, why dont you take that one too, please?
Mark Lyons: Yeah, I think you actually answered your own question, you get the increasing, you know, impact of the Casualty quota share, and that's really what you're seeing.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Elyse, thank you. Next question please?
Operator: Next question is from Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Thank you. One quick numbered questions and another broader question. First one, Mark, I wonder if you could give us a quick guidance on what dividend and interest income is going to look like in General Insurance? Big drop off, obviously, in the second quarter, was there anything unusual there? Is that kind of a run rate given where we are right now, as far as investment yields?
Brian Duperreault: Hey, Mar. Go ahead, please.
Mark Lyons: Yeah, thank you, Brian. You've cut out a little bit on me Brian, were you asking about investment yields in GI?
Brian Meredith: Yeah. I am looking overall but also in GI, in particular, you had a big drop off in investment yield sequentially. And I am just wondering if there's anything in there or rate securities or something else that was causing the drop so much or that's kind of a true run rate?
Mark Lyons: Yes, yes, actually. You guys are getting good. Youre answering you own question. So there's two things going on, the last quarter, I think was the first quarter we allowed the disclosure to even see that. So the drop off you see is somewhat caused by what you just said, and I'll get it that more a little bit later and one of it is just a bit of a correction. So, last quarter's GI yield was over  so think of it as overstated. There was a $20 million Canadian security correction. But I think the heart of your question, so that would have come down another 12 basis points, something like that. To the extent of - on the current quarter with the structured securities, you're right, a lot of that stuff is floating, but you're really required to retrospectively look at it and look at what has happened and what your view of the future is, and what that implied yield is and if that yield is lower than what you've booked, you have to do a catch up on it. And that's what you're seeing in the quarter. So you can adjust for some of those Brian, and it looks to me it be a 9 to 10 basis point drop off sequentially, not as steep as it appears.
Brian Meredith: Great.
Brian Duperreault: Brian, do you have a follow up?
Brian Meredith: Yeah, absolutely Brian. And this is I guess, more for you and Peter. Given how low yields are right now. I'm wondering what type of underlying combined ratio or combined ratio do you need to achieve, do you believe in your General Insurance business now to earn an acceptable return on capital? And if you had to kind of alter your targets?
Brian Duperreault: Well, that's a great question, Brian. I guess I'll take that. Yeah, I mean, double digit returns with a higher interest rate makes sense with these low interest rates, it probably comes down. You know, I would say that, it's an evolving - right now, it's an evolving process and, you know, its difficult with COVID to understand what steady state looks like. But, you know, my gut would say that something in the double digit range is possible. It's becoming more difficult because of the low interest rates. So it's more like, you know, what's the return over the risk free rates. So, I - it's hard to say, you know, we're just driving this thing down. When we get into a market like this where rates are rising, terms and conditions are improving, you're not - you don't have a fixed number that you're going to try to hit. We're going to take advantage of the market and have the results that we can achieve with this elevated level of risk received  in the marketplace, I guess, thats the best way to put it Brian. Can me move on to the next question, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you. As we've talked about some of the benefits from Syndicate 19 in terms of volatility and reduction in the fee income you'll generate and those makes sense and should be clear positive over time. Stepping back from a near term perspective, do you see this as enhancing or detracting from the normalized earnings of the personal line segment?
Brian Duperreault: Eric, let me start with this and then I'll let Peter pick it up. So look when you make a change like this is certainly a disruption you know, with ceded premiums and the unearned going out, and so, there will be some dislocation. Obviously, we saw in the second quarter to bleed into the third. Overall though, you know, when things normalize, as we approach the end of the year, this will be a net benefit to the company, it is a - as Mark said, a capital-light structure and it basically allows us to grow the business and we could not grow it given the concentration of CAT exposure, with the approach we've taken now the structure of Lloyds and its capital efficiency and the ability to spread it, we can now take the benefits net and actually grow it and have the net grow. Peter, do you want to add anything to that?
Peter Zaffino: Yeah, just a couple of points. Brian, as you said, I mean I think de-risking, reposition the portfolio for growth is important. That reduced volatility increase in capital flexibility. I think the second quarter is going to be the noisiest just because of the catch up on the, you know, unearned premium, and seasonally the second quarter was the largest on the net premium written side. So again, youll still see some noise in the third and fourth, but not to the degree you saw in the second and we just been very focused on accelerating the transition. So we can get to 2021 with the unearned, you know, largely gone away and then reposition Syndicate 2019 to be very competitive in the market, in terms of value. So we're really excited about what this is going to mean for the business and for our clients, and distribution partners.
Brian Duperreault: Do you have a follow up Erik, do you have a follow up?
Erik Bass: Yes, thank you. And then second, just with the lower level of sales in Life & Retirement, how does this affect your outlook for capital generation? And are you planning to keep any sort of excess capital you generate in the Life subs? Or do you see opportunities to shift capital to P&C to take advantage of some of the more favorable pricing backdrop?
Brian Duperreault: Well, let me have Kevin just talk about the sales, because we are seeing a pickup of it. So it may be premature to talk about our capital, but I'll get back to that. Kevin, you want to start with the sales piece?
Kevin Hogan: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Erik. The quarter was the lowest in memory. But you know, towards the latter part of June, we saw some real signs of life. During the quarter, the channel that really was disrupted the most was the bank channel, which was down around 60%. And if we look at just the month of July, over June, the bank channel was back to almost double. So you know, that the disruption that impacted that channel the most we've seen starting to turn around. For financial advisors, broker dealers, and IMOs, you know, they were down about 40%. But I think that the virtual sales practices that they adopted, and we tended to reprice earlier than many companies. And so I think as other companies caught up with repricing that leveled the playing field a bit. Again, what we saw following the month of June, looking at July over June, we saw substantial increase in sales and the pipeline is growing and our sales of annuities per day  continued to increase. So we're pretty optimistic that if conditions continue the way they are, we'll see recovery in July over June and in the third quarter over the second. Life Insurance continued to grow despite the disruption, we saw about 4% growth in the second quarter. And that trend continues, particularly our direct channel is performing very well. And in retirement services, it's important to note that periodic premiums, which are really the backbone of that business, were only down 4% in the second quarter. And again, you know, our advisor channel is back up and focused on their customers and its individual sales generally follow the retail individual retirement sales. So when you back that up with the fact that the pension risk transfer business and pipeline is as strong as we've ever seen it and we've opened up the reinsurance channel, we feel cautiously optimistic that second quarter will be the low watermark and our strategy will prevail in the third quarter and beyond, recognizing all the uncertainties in the market.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. And Ill just add, if you look at the  the opportunities seem to be much more in GI though, yes. It's not as extreme as maybe the sales in the second quarter might have indicated. But, you know, we will move our attention where we think the greatest growth and returns are occurring. And right now GI looks pretty good. So we move on to the next question then please?
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much. A couple of questions on GI. So first, can you maybe talk about how you're thinking of loss fix here with rates well in excess of loss trend? On the one hand, you also have the COVID driven favorable frequency, more short term, I guess, on the other. And I asked what's in the context of North America commercial loss ratio, which I guess, improved year-over-year, but actually weakened a bit sequentially?
Brian Duperreault: Yeah. Thanks, Yaron. I think that's a Mark question. Mark, loss fix?
Mark Lyons: I can certainly start that. Thank you, Brian. Well, you do have a lot of forces. Were happy to be, I think one of the catalysts on this market. And level of increases, Peter talked about it continued to increase at an increasing rate, I think its a fair statement. But you do have other things, we don't know the longer term impacts on many third party and first party lines of COVID, for example. Social inflation is more of a general upward movement, as opposed to a lot of specifics that you can nail down. And so I think there's still the thought amongst us in the industry that there's potential for freight  moving up. I think there should be some back to normality between interest rates and inflation and we're probably heading more into an inflationary environment. So a little cautious on the fact that we're seeing this great rate increase, and there's more variability, and I flipped it from a year ago, where there was more variability around, what kind of price increase can we get? Now we see that the magnitude of the price increases we can get, and there's more variability about the future look loss cost trends.
Yaron Kinar: Okay.
Brian Duperreault: Yaron, do you have a follow up?
Yaron Kinar: I do. So in the  in commercial premiums that has been growing, and it sounds like you're pretty constructive on those lines and growth there. Can you talk about the potential offset impact of exposure there? I think we've heard from some of your peers that exposure is coming in and thats quite a headwind?
Brian Duperreault: Yeah. Peter, can you talk about exposures?
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Thank you, Yaron for the question. I think when you think about compared to our competitors, remember, we don't have as much you know, guaranteed cost business. And so therefore, it's not a direct correlation to effect on payroll sales, and that's going to result in a commensurate premium reduction. You know, as we have the in force book that we have, you know, minimum deposits on our excess business, in most cases. I think when, you know, we look to the future in terms of some of the changes on frequency and changes on payroll and sales, you know, it could have a modest headwind, which is what we had talked about in last quarters call. In terms of exposure base for renewals, and, you know, could have a slight impact on premium, but I would look to it on, you know, we're trying to solve issues on excess. We're deploying capital, I mean, those are - have led to better risk adjusted returns, because, we are still coming up with similar structures. And, you know, while there may be a little bit of light headwinds in terms of overall exposure, should not have a material impact on our premium, as we look to the third and fourth quarter based on what we know today.
Brian Duperreault: Thank you. We've run a little late. Maybe we could take one last question, operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. On the travel insurance book, I think you wrote a little bit over a $1 billion of premiums last year. Can you discuss how much that shrunk and whether you're seeing any sort of signs of recovery in that book, either in the US or in international markets? And then also on P&C, with you having restructured your portfolio and reinsurance program? Are you thinking about any major changes in reinsurance, as you're looking at next year, given the hardening market there?
Brian Duperreault: Jimmy the first book of business that you referred to was what? I didn't pick that up
Jimmy Bhullar: The travel book...
Brian Duperreault: Yeah, got it. Yeah
Jimmy Bhullar: $1billion book and it's shrinking, I'm just trying to get an idea on whether you're seeing
Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Jimmy. Yeah, Peter, I think those are both yours.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. So on the first one on the travel, again, the second quarter, you know, you had not only no new sales, you also had cancellation. And so I think that, that was one that was a headwind and contributed to the North American personal negative premium written. Now as we look at, it's hard to predict, again, we don't know what's going to happen with COVID. We don't know when travel is going to resume. It's less than a $1 billion in North America and it's fairly evenly spread in terms of quarter-to-quarter. I think we would have some modest sales in the third quarter, probably about a third as to what our run rate would be. But again, very hard to predict. We think that there is a dynamic in that business that's interesting, which is, you know, nobody really contemplated, I think, in terms of clients, and the CAT. And so I think there's going to be a rebase in terms of how we price this business, what the economics are going forward and don't want to overreact, you know, sort of Q2  a quarter in terms of travel and think that as it starts to rebound, we think the economics will be better. But again, we'll give an update as to what it looks like in the third quarter in terms of if there's a rebound or not. I'm sorry, I didnt get the second question, Jimmy?
Jimmy Bhullar: It was just on reinsurance prices going up, are you kind of thinking about sort of maybe retaining more risk or changing your reinsurance program in anyway?
Peter Zaffino: Well, we're going to have to, you know, try out our virtual Monte Carlo in September, which is really with a kick off I think we probably would have had 100 meetings scheduled at AIG under normal conditions. I don't think that we're going to - you know, we look at the reinsurance structures than any repositioning, it will reflect the growth portfolio, not trying to say the market conditions are much stronger. Therefore, we're going to dump treaties because we always talked about the reduction of volatility, making sure we had more predictable outcomes. And we have great partnerships that we trade across every geography and multiple lines of business with our reinsurance partners. But we would expect to see changes in our reinsurance programs that reflect the excellent underwriting that we've been doing, and the gross improvement that we've seen quarter-to-quarter. So we begin to have those discussions, what we have in terms of structures? I don't think they'll be something that materially changes, but I would expect some refinements to reflect the portfolio as it is today.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Thank you, Jimmy. Thank you.
Brian Duperreault: Well, let me just close and thank everybody for joining us this morning. And I particularly want to thank my AIG colleagues around the world. I mean, these last few months have really been challenging on many, many fronts and I'm so grateful for your hard work and dedication on this journey we're on and I hope everyone stays safe and healthy. Wear your masks. Okay. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to AIG's First Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Our call today will cover AIG's first quarter 2020 financial results announced yesterday afternoon. The news release, financial results presentation and financial supplement were posted on our website at www.aig.com, and the 10-Q will be filed later today. Our speakers today are Brian Duperreault, CEO; Peter Zaffino; President and COO of AIG and CEO of General Insurance; Kevin Hogan, CEO, Life and Retirement; and Mark Lyons, Chief Financial Officer. We will have time for Q&A after their remarks. Today's call may contain forward-looking statements relating to company performance, strategic priorities, business mix and market conditions, including the effects of COVID-19 on AIG. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. Actual performance and events may differ materially. Factors that could cause results to differ include those described in our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other recent filings made with the SEC, inclusive of the effects of COVID-19 on AIG, which cannot be fully determined at this time. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additionally, some remarks will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is provided in our news release and other financial results material, all of which are available on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Good morning, everyone. It's been an extraordinary few months since we last spoke. Before we start, I want to say that I hope you and your families are healthy, and that you've been able to adjust to the new normal that COVID-19 is creating for all of us. This crisis has been heartbreaking to witness as it unfolds across the globe. It's a tough time for everyone and the uncertainty about how long it will last and what life will be like afterwards makes this time even harder. I've witnessed a lot in my 40-plus year career in the insurance industry. But this health and humanitarian crisis, which quickly became a threat to the world economy, is like nothing any of us has experienced. We believe COVID-19 will be the single largest CAT loss the industry has ever seen and will continue to have significant global economic ramifications for the foreseeable future.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I plan to review the following topics: a brief overview of the potential near and longer term impact of COVID-19 on the insurance and reinsurance markets generally, how we analyze the impact of COVID-19 on GI through March 31st, first quarter results for General Insurance, excluding COVID-19, including Validus Re, our recently announced launch of Syndicate 2019 and AIG 200 and the progress that we've made since our last earnings call. As Brian said, the near and long-term impact of COVID-19 on the global economy and insurance and reinsurance industries remains unclear. In contrast to other catastrophes like wildfires, hurricanes and earthquakes, this event is not confined to any specific geographic region, and it has already impacted over 200 countries and territories. In addition, this duration is not limited as is typically the case with traditional CATs. While the insurance industry manages risk of all kinds, it's fair to say that the profound impact and global nature of COVID-19 is something we have never encountered. There's no playbook. And as a result, we are called upon to make thoughtful and prudent decisions in a climate of unprecedented uncertainty. Before COVID, the largest catastrophes on record were Hurricane Katrina with $65 billion losses, then the Tohoku earthquake with $35 billion in loss, Hurricane Irma with $30 billion losses, and Superstorm Sandy also with approximately $30 billion in losses. With respect to COVID-19, we're starting to see early industry estimates, but they have significant ranges. While it's too early to gauge the ultimate size of the loss, we believe COVID-19 will result in the largest individual CAT loss, the insurance industry has ever seen. Going forward, COVID-related losses will impact all aspects of underwriting insurance from absolute limits available, limits deployed to certain lines of business, terms and conditions, co-insurance and structure of coverage just to name a few. With respect to the reinsurance main, unlike traditional name parallel catastrophes, COVID was not modeled. And, therefore, it will be a headwind for future capacity. We believe the retro market will contract. And in the ILS market, there will be trapped capital, which will lock up collateral, therefore, restricting capacity on a go-forward basis, and we're already seeing this.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss overall Life and Retirement results for the first quarter and our current outlook, changes in our operating environment due to COVID-19 and then briefly comments on the results for each of our businesses. Life and Retirement recorded adjusted pre-tax income of $574 million for the quarter and delivered adjusted return on attributed common equity at 8.4%. Adjusted pre-tax income decreased by $350 million year-over-year, primarily due to significant market stress in March compared with the strong market recovery we saw in the first quarter of 2019. The main driver of the decrease was lower equity market returns, which primarily resulted in higher variable annuity reserves of $161 million and higher deferred acquisition cost amortization back of $138 million. Also, widening credit spreads generated lower returns from fair value option bonds of $116 million and the low interest rate environment resulted in continued spread compression across our individual and group retirement product lines. Lastly, I am pleased to report that our hedge program performed as expected in response to the market stress experienced in March, generating gains exceeding the movements in our economic view of the liability and related cash collateral. Recognizing the limits of sensitivity, especially in the context of first quarter's market volatility, our sensitivities provided on our last earnings call generally held up. Based on the environment we see today, we continue to expect base spread compression across the whole portfolio of approximately eight to 16 basis points annually. However, wider risk-adjusted credit spreads should generate opportunities to attract new business as profitable margins and the reinvestment of assets slowing off the portfolio should benefit from higher credit spreads. We have updated our estimates of market sensitivities to reflect our balance sheet as of the end of the first quarter. We would expect a plus or minus 1% change in equity market returns to respectively increase or decrease adjusted pretax income by approximately $25 million to $35 million annually and a plus or minus 10 basis point movement in 10-year treasury rates to respectively increase or decrease earnings by approximately $5 million to $15 million annually. These sensitivities assume the immediate impact of market movements on reserves, fact and fair value option securities as well as investment income and other items. It is important to note that these market sensitivity ranges are not exact nor linear since our earnings are also impacted by the timing and degree of movements as well as other factors. Market conditions began to improve in April, but one can expect that should conditions continue to improve, there may be immediate benefits in reserves back for investments in the second quarter although these benefits are likely to be offset slightly by lower private equity returns that are reported on a one quarter lag. Despite the challenging environment COVID-19 created, our balance sheet is strong and we currently estimate our fleet risk-based capital ratio for the first quarter to be between 405% and 415%, including both the impacts of variable annuity reserve and capital reform as well as our hedging program. Our risk-based capital ratio will be sensitive to the impacts from COVID-19 as they flow through our balance sheet throughout the year. Market stress in the first quarter due to COVID-19, while severe in nature did not reach our modeled stress testing scenarios. Although we expect lower levels of overall industry sales for the foreseeable future due to impacts from COVID-19, our leadership position continues to provide us with a unique competitive advantage. We have a broad position across variable index and fixed annuities, term and permanent life insurance, not-for-profit retirement plan markets and institutional markets. We are not dependent on any one product type or distribution channel, which allows us to maintain our long standing disciplined approach with respect to product pricing and future development regardless of the economic environment. Over many years, we have proven our ability to redirect our marketing efforts from one product type to another as market needs and pricing conditions change. We also have a large and diverse in-force portfolio that does not have the significant risks associated with pre-2010 living benefits for long-term care. Our very small block of remaining long-term care business has been reinsured to quarter two. Our strong capital levels and broad market presence position us well to deploy capital as potential attractive opportunities arise in this widening spread environment. Now, I'd like to touch on our operations over the last few months. As Peter noted, we transitioned quickly to a remote working model, with the support of our regulators we're meeting, we successfully adapted our e-signature policies, procedures and controls to support the needs of our plant sponsors, distribution partner firms and individual customers. Also, investments we have made to enhance our digital capabilities have served us well as many more customers are taking advantage of our enhanced self service tools. We've also been very responsive in adopting changes to address the financial hardship faced by some of our customers, such as extending the grace period for premium payments and meeting the requirement of the Cares Act. Our sales and relationship management professionals quickly shifted from face-to-face to virtual meetings and have conducted thousands of such meetings and educational webinars with our producers and customers. Turning to our first quarter financial results. As mentioned, the primary drivers of the decline in Life and Retirement portal adjusted pre-tax income with short-term impacts to our individual and group retirement businesses from significant market movements. As to the top line results are individual retirement, premiums and deposits decreased primarily due to significantly lower fixed annuities fail, as we maintained our pricing discipline as Treasury rates dropped throughout the quarter with credit spreads only beginning to widen late in the period. Our index annuity sales remain strong, but we again grew variable annuity sales. Lower sales of fixed annuities resulted in negative net flows for total individual annuities. For group retirement, premiums and deposits decreased due to lower new group acquisitions, as well as reduced individual product sales driven by the uncertain environment. Net flows improved year-over-year, primarily due to lower group surrenders. In this period of uncertainty, we expect fewer plan sponsors to change providers, which may reduce new group acquisitions, but would support plan retention. For our Life Insurance business, total premiums and deposits increased due to higher international premiums. Our mortality trends continued to be favorable to overall pricing assumptions and the first quarter included a modest IBNR reserve strengthening to reflect the fluidity of COVID-19. Although we may experience some acceleration, we are not expecting large incremental impacts to mortality rates and expect any incremental impacts to be manageable in the context of our overall balance sheet. For institutional markets, we have continued to grow our asset base and earnings, and this business continues to be well-positioned. We remain focused on new opportunities and have the capacity to participate as activity arises in the pension risk transfer and other institutional businesses. To close, despite these challenging times, we remain available to serve our customers, plan sponsors and distribution partners. We are committed to further mobilizing our broad product expertise and distribution footprint to serve our stakeholders in new ways as their needs evolve. We will continue to deploy capital to the most attractive opportunities and focus on meeting ever-growing needs for protection, retirement savings and lifetime income solutions. Now, I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Kevin. Before providing summary comments about the first quarter, I'd like to give COVID-19 perspective from where I sit. First, this health crisis, which quickly evolves into an associated financial crisis, is unprecedented in scope, uncertainty and length and depth of economic impact. Additionally, this ongoing event has simultaneously impacted both sides of the balance sheet, thereby nullifying most underlying disruptions that investment assets and insurance liabilities are marginally correlated. As a result, it's extremely difficult to forecast one quarter in advance let alone a full year longer. However, as Brian also noted, I want to reiterate that AIG was strongly financially positioned entering the crisis, both from a parent and subsidiary liquidity and capital perspective and is well positioned today, including our investment portfolio. The evolving situation causes us to view liquidity and capital strength as an imperative. When the crisis suddenly took hold on capital markets in mid-March and not knowing what could come next, we thought it was prudent to augment our already strong current liquidity with a $1.3 billion partial drawdown of our revolving credit facility. We did this solely as a precautionary measure given the significant uncertainty at the time, about the near-term impacts of COVID-19. I will provide an update on our capital management plans and liquidity position later in these remarks after I review our first quarter results. So turning to the first quarter. AIG reported adjusted after-tax operating earnings of $0.11 per diluted share compared to $1.58 per share in the first quarter of 2019. Contained within this result is the continued improvement of General Insurance with a 95.5% accident year 2020 ex-CAT combined ratio as Peter noted. First quarter results reflect direct and indirect impacts related to COVID-19, including the market impact on net investment income and book value, with a lesser impact on core operations APTI. Peter discussed, the General Insurance COVID reserve reflects our best estimate, the losses occurring through March 31. The first quarter, adjusted book value per share increased 2.8% and adjusted tangible book value per share increased 3.2%, both since year-end. It's also notable that AIG's adjusted tangible book value per share increased nearly 11% since March 31, one year ago, which we believe is a better measurement of the improvement in AIG's core operating performance over the last year. Book value and tangible book value per share, both of which include changes in AOCI and the DTA, were virtually flat year-over-year, even with the significant AOCI change we saw in the first quarter of this year. In the first quarter, on an adjusted pre-tax income basis, net investment income, or NII, was $2.7 billion, down approximately $1 billion from the down approximately first quarter of 2019. Recall that the first quarter of 2019 included significant gains following the downturn that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2018 as this year's first quarter experienced significant losses due to the COVID-19 volatility in March, resulting in a distorted quarter-over-quarter comparison. I want to spend some time on our global investment portfolio. Because in the current environment, I think it's important to understand its composition. Several reports have been published that use incorrect assumptions and information about our portfolio. In many cases, our consolidated global portfolio has been compared to U.S. Life or P&C peers or the industry generally, without taking into account our unique position as a global composite or multi-line insurer. In addition, some believe our portfolio has above-average inherent risk, which is simply not the case. Instead, we believe our portfolio is below average in terms of risk and we'll get into some of that. In addition, certain accounting elections AIG took in prior years relating to specific securities have created above the line accounting volatility, which has led to some confusion, but this volatility does not impact AIG on a total return basis. To address these complexities and the many questions and comments we have received, we've provided much more disclosure regarding our portfolio, including the General Insurance, Life and Retirement and Legacy portfolio composition. On pages 46 through 65 in our financial supplement, there you will find a significant expansion of our disclosure beyond segment and into credit quality distribution and asset or industry characteristics. As Brian mentioned, Doug Dachille, our Chief Investment Officer, can help address follow-up questions during Q&A, but I'll give some high-level comments now. At March 31st, AIG had a $332 billion investable asset portfolio. This portfolio is about 73% fixed income available for sale securities, which represents 75% of General Insurance's portfolio and 74% of Life and Retirement. In addition, roughly 14% of the portfolio is invested in mortgage and other loans, 6% in short-term investments, 2.5% in real estate investment, less than 2% in private equity, approximately 1.5% is in fair value option fixed income security or FVO securities and about 0.7% is in hedge funds. It's important to recognize though that roughly 80% of the FVO fixed income portfolio, which historically has had higher volatility than are available to sales fixed maturity securities is held in legacy. Notably, the FVO portfolio makes up only 1.4% of General Insurance's portfolio and 0.3% of Life and Retirement. Our historical FVO accounting election mostly on legacy non-agency RMBS that were previously credit impaired cannot be changed or be changed or modified and move mark-to-market volatility above the line into our income statement within net investment income. For available for sale securities, such volatility would be below the line in AOCI. As a result, this FVO accounting treatment puts more volatility into our income statement by NII with less relative volatility in AOCI, which is where one would ordinarily expect to see the volatility. Financial statement geography is important to note when examining AIG's NII, but it is irrelevant when you look at total return, which is how our investment function manages our portfolio. Over the last four-plus years, and Doug can address this in more detail, AIG has seen significant de-risking of its investment portfolio with material reductions in hedge funds, life settlement, CDOs, and FVO securities, totaling approximately $32 billion, which is a 60% drop in these asset classes since year end 2015. Additionally, AIG's portfolio has only a very small direct equity exposure, representing just 0.2% of the portfolio. The volatility in the equity markets has a minimal impact on our investment income and even that is below the line. On page 63 of the financial supplement, you will also see a significant $9 billion plus credit quality difference and below investment-grade securities between the rating agency view and the NAIC designation view. Most of this is non-agency RMBS on an FVO basis, which we have had evaluated and rated NAIC 1 by the securities valuation office of the NAIC. This is the highest rating category, which is important because these assets strengthen subsidiary RBC levels and can sustain RBC levels even if they fall one notch, because they still will be investment grade. However, rating agencies have not re-rated these securities with current information, so from their perspective, the securities still retains legacy below investment-grade status. When examining our $144 billion of corporate debt, which is summarized on page 56 of the financial supplement and expanded beginning on page 59, note that nearly $130 million is investment grade. And of this total, 15% is rated AA or AAA, 34% is A-rated and 51% is BBB-rated. Compared to the overall investment-grade market, we have a superior distribution of such asset by rating. Similarly, when viewing the entire corporate debt portfolio, 10% is below investment grade, which is much lower than the market average of 48%. I wanted to point this out because given the magnitude of AIG's investment portfolio; some may assume that our portfolio mirrors the industry average, which is not the case. With respect to CECL credit impacts in the first quarter, which are included in realized gains and losses and not NII, we recognized approximately $236 million of credit losses. This stems from about $198 million in fixed income securities and $38 million in loans. Now turning to the operating segment. As Peter and Kevin discuss their financial results in detail, I will just add a few remarks that augment their comments. General Insurance, I'd point out that the $419 million of total CAT reserves for the quarter represents 6.9 loss ratio points with $272 million or 4.5 loss ratio points being attributed to COVID-19 and $147 million or 2.4 loss ratio related to other CAT events, the largest of which was the tornado storm system that hit Nashville in early March. Excluding COVID-19, General Insurance generated $185 million of underwriting income, which includes the non-COVID catalog. Prior year development was minimal in the first quarter with $60 million of net favorable development, $53 million of which emanated from the amortization of the ADC deferred gain. On a pre-ADC basis, there was a net $1 million of favorable development, representing $30 million of unfavorable in North America, mostly from shorter deadlines, largely offset by favorable $31 million from international across many product lines. Lastly, as Peter discussed, Syndicate 2019 will favorably alter AIG's risk profile as concentration risk is distributed across an innovative structure and set of capital providers. We anticipate that in the second quarter and for the balance of the 2020 year, TDS premiums will increase over original expectations, and therefore, net premiums will correspondingly reduce. We project that second quarter net written premium in high net worth will be down approximately $650 million from original expectations and that net earned premiums for the 2020 year were reduced by approximately $675 million as a result. Beginning in 2021, however, the catastrophe cover costs will decrease for AIG since the high net worth exposure subject to the CAT program will be a fraction of what it is today. So for 2020, underwriting income for the high net worth unit, we anticipate approximately the same underwriting result pre and post 2019 and then to become accretive thereafter. Turning to Life and Retirement, I would just add that institutional markets benefited from approximately $700 million pension risk transfer premium in the quarter, albeit down a bit from -- corresponding quarter of last year. Legacy, a $368 million adjusted pretax loss in the first quarter was due to a reduction in NII driven by capital markets volatility we saw in March, which abated, as mentioned, in April. As a reminder, we signed a definitive agreement to sell Fortitude last year with the economic set as of December 31, 2018, which means that all net income subsequent to year-end 2018, up through closing will be included in the gain or sale or loss on sale to be recognized upon the closing of the transaction. We continue on course towards a midyear closing subject to regulatory approval and it is noteworthy that Fortitude also has benefited from strategic hedging transactions that performed as expected, and in fact, health capital ratios remain virtually unchanged since early 2019. Next, moving to other operations, and as I discussed on last quarter's earnings call, you will see on pages 37 to 39 of the financial supplement, a revised and simplified presentation that helps identify key drivers of APTI. Our previous disclosures on this segment could be difficult to understand and volatile, in part due to the gross-up of income and expense for internal items, mostly investment services, which increased other income and GOE. We simplified that and also provided APTI by activity, which should help. As for magnitude, this quarter's $280 million of other operations GOE included the COVID-19 employee grants totaling $30 million that Brian referenced, and remote access IT costs of $3 million. Excluding that, other operations GOE would have only been $247 million. Turning to tax, we had a core 23% tax rate on adjusted pretax income for the first quarter, higher than recent prior quarters due to additional items dominated by a $37 million impact, reflecting share-based compensation differences, plus by grant date versus delivery date of value resulting from spot price declines during the first quarter. Turning to liquidity and capital resources, we believe that liquidity and operating subsidiary capital strength are paramount priority in this uncertain economic environment. At year-end 2019, AIG had $7.5 billion of liquidity at the parent and the RBC fleet ratios for General Insurance's US pool finished 2019 at 419% and for Life and Retirement at 402%. During the first quarter, we repurchased $500 million of our stock and closed $350 million of most advanced. Share repurchases helped to offset share count dilution stemming from equity compensation and the promotion bond call aided our debt leverage ratio. As of March 31, AIG had a similar $7.5 billion of current liquidity, including the $1.3 billion draw from our revolver that I referenced earlier in my remarks as well as strong liquidity in both General Insurance and Life and Retirement. Before turning to AIG 200, there were two below the line items in the first quarter that I would like to highlight: First, the success of our hedging program; and the second would be Blackboard. Turning first to our hedging program, roughly $3.6 billion of variable annuity fair value benefits were reflected during the first quarter within the realized games line as a direct result of successful interest rate and equity risk hedging within the Life and Retirement and legacy segment that clearly preserve book value. It should be noted though that on a GAAP basis, this gain was aided by the NPA, or non-performance adjustment, impact, which is highly volatile and reversible depending upon rates for ebbs and equity markets. Secondly, at the end of March, AIG made a strategic decision to discontinue Blackboard, our internal insured tech startup in light of current market condition. Blackboard's GOE which was $16 million in the quarter, has been historically recorded in other operations, but that we'll cease starting with the second quarter of this year. Associated with this business decision, we recorded an approximate $165 million after-tax charge, not included in APTI. Pivoting to AIG 200, as Peter noted, we continue to refine our operational plans in response to COVID-19. We still expect that this strategic three-year transformation will result in $1.3 billion in costs to achieve an annualized $1 billion of run rate GOE savings by year-end 2022. Let me first just provide a quick review and then I'll give you the AIG 200 three-year walk as well as its impact on the first quarter of 2020. From a reporting perspective, all costs to achieve, aside from $400 million of pre-tax spending that will be capitalized will be recorded below the line, not in APTI, as restructuring and other costs, which will make it straightforward to track. These below the line charges mostly involve employee-related costs, dedicated internal resources and associated professional services. Capitalized costs of $400 million before tax, represent mostly investments in systems, development, interfaces, data conversions and associated integrated workflow processes, which have an impact on cash, but are not expensed immediately in the income statement. Instead, each investment will be capitalized and then amortized through GOE based on its useful life according to accounting principles. Hence, by year-end 2022, we would expect that the amortization portion of the $400 million will be included in our annual expense run rate, where our goal is a total annual run rate savings of $1 billion, including the amortization of these capitalized investments. So let's turn towards what this means for the next three years, acknowledging that in this uncertain world, timing of plans can somewhat change. Under Peter's leadership, we are governing AIG 200 via structured checkpoints and tollgate that control cost, confirm scope and reconfirm scope and drive key milestone achievements. Overall, we expect a total 'cash cost' at the holding company of $1.3 billion. As shown on page eight of the financial results slide, $350 million of this is expected in 2020, although still being reviewed due to COVID-19 impact; $500 million in 2021 and $450 million in 2022. Of these amounts, approximately $100 million in 2020 will be capitalized with later amortization into GOE. The combination of these two result in a below the line projected charge of $250 million before tax. Then in 2021, about $200 million will be capitalized, with a below the line charge of roughly $300 million. And finally, about $100 million will be capitalized to 2022, with a below the line charge of $350 million. Based on our current useful life schedule for depreciation and assumptions about when we expect the $400 million in capitalized assets to be placed into service, calendar year depreciation included in GOE should be zero in 2020, as the project will still be in development; rising in 2021 to be between $10 million to $15 million before tax; and $25 million to $30 million in 2022. Based on projected completion by year-end 2022, the unamortized balance of about $350 million will be amortized at about a seven-year average life, with $50 million per year in 2023 through 2027 and then trailing off a bit from there. Finally, in the first quarter of 2020, we had a $90 million restructuring charge below the line, of which about $23 million related to AIG 200 and the balance from other actions. Going forward, restructuring charges will primarily reflect AIG 200 costs. Relative to expense savings, this quarter had $10 million of GOE savings, which will translate to $60 million on an annualized run rate basis, which is part of the $300 million plan run rate benefit by year-end 2020. Now shifting to capital management and looking ahead, in light of the significant uncertainty on many fronts due to COVID-19, we do not plan to do additional share repurchases or debt reduction actions for the foreseeable future, but we will reassess this as COVID-19 impact stabilize. However, given improved stability in and access to the capital markets since March, we are reevaluating our debt and capital plan. While reducing debt leverage to 25% or below is a minimum term goal, in the near term, our priority is maintaining strong operating capitalization, financial flexibility and liquidity. As a result, we are considering options to generate additional near-term liquidity in light of ongoing economic volatility as well as upcoming debt maturities in 2020 and in the medium term. Although spreads have widened since year-end, all-in coupons are attractive. Given the significant uncertainty around the duration and depth of global recession created by COVID-19, as well as taking into account our global operating footprint and different regulatory capital regimes, we think it is prudent to evaluate debt capital market opportunities in the near term rather than waiting until later in the year, which was our original plan prior to COVID-19. Lastly, and reflecting back, the first quarter benefited in the first two months from strong momentum in GI pricing, investment return and operating initiatives. In March, COVID-19 spread incredibly fast and dramatically changed everyone's everyday world. AIG entered this crisis from a position of strength while it has certainly impacted us and caused us to recalibrate some of our plans. AIG is more resilient than it has ever been with strong leadership and greater portfolio and risk management across the organization. We are confident in our ability to weather this storm and look forward to being able to engage with you again in person, hopefully, in the near term. With that, I will turn it back to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Mark. Abby, I think we're ready for the Q&A portion. So please get us started and let us move first.
Operator: Thank you.  And we will take our first question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Good morning. My first question, in your prepared remarks, you guys mentioned that a small fraction of your commercial property policies contain coverage for infectious diseases and that those policies do have small sub-units. I'm just trying to get a sense of those policies where you think you could see losses have you set up reserves within your COVID losses in the first quarter?
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Elyse, I think that's a question for Peter. Peter, would you take that, please?
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. Sure, Brian. Hi, Elyse, let me just give you a little bit more detail. Yes, we did go through it very thoroughly in the first quarter, as I outlined our process that we did bottom-up and top-down but when you look at the size and scope of our global portfolio, the nature of our clients in terms of the segmentation, we do have commercial property policy that have some manuscript warnings. As I said in my opening remarks, the overwhelming majority of the standard commercial property policies do contain clear exclusions for viruses, and it's fairly standard in the industry. These policies also require that there's direct physical loss or damage that impact the insurance business operations. As to these policies, COVID is not covered. So that's point one. There are limited instances where we do write affirmative coverage for communicable diseases. But even in those cases, it's only on a supplemented basis, and in pursuant, we have very strict underwriting guidelines that often result in coverage for only specified diseases. And in an event that there's a requirement that there would also be a government closure caused by physical presence of the disease itself. So again, it's fairly clear. And just to give you some context in terms of what I'm talking about is that 100% of our sub-limits aggregate to well less than 1% of our total limits in our commercial property policy. So it's a very small portion of the overall property exposure. And I would just note that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have really comprehensive reinsurance, whether it's on a property per risk basis, we have low attachment points on a per occurrence basis that's regional, and we also have global aggregates that attach to reduced volatility on a frequency severity basis. So sorry for the long answer, but I think it's important to get into the detail.
Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Peter. Next question 
Operator: We will take our next question from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Mark, you mentioned your plan on running with higher debt for the time being, which I think that makes sense given the current environment. Have you gotten any sense from the rating agencies on their reaction to the higher leverage for now? And then just a follow-up question on the investment portfolio. Appreciate all the disclosure there. The $18 billion of other invested assets, it looks like $6.7 billion of that is in legacy. Would you expect most of that to be transferred with the Fortitude resale? And then sorry for the string here. But then just one related question, the $8.5 billion of real estate alternative investments, should we expect there to be any kind of impairment on that in 2Q, or is there some buffer with historical cost accounting there?
Brian Duperreault: Okay, Tom. Listen, why don't we have Mark, you wanted to talk about the debt. And then I'm going to ask Doug to take over on the investment portfolio question. So Mark, why don't you go first?
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Brian, and I will do that as well. With regards to debt, yes, we've spoken to the rating agencies. In fact, we were in conversation with them on the revolver drawdown, as a matter of fact, and had very good strong and supportive conversations with them. And in the future, we may contemplate, of course, we be involve in discussions with them as well. With that, I will turn it over to Doug to talk about this to investment questions.
Doug Dachille: Thank you, Mark and good morning. Well, I would refer you to page 49 of the financial supplement, which basically goes through the legacy segment and the assets that are held in that segment in pretty robust detail. And as you know, in addition, there's approximately $40 billion of assets, which we also disclosed in our financials, which are going to be part of the sale related to Fortitude. The portions that well be retaining, there will be some real estate investments that we'll be retaining that are part of legacy. There will also be some fair value option bonds that will be retained in legacy that were part of the old financial products direct investment book. So those will not be part of the sale transaction. But the material amount of the assets will be, as you know  over $40 billion will be separating as part of the sale of Fortitude. With respect of the real estate, you -- as you know, we only experienced a rapid acceleration in the month of March with respect to the development and emergence of the COVID situation. So we're still in the midst of analyzing the impact. And I think it's very early to determine what the impact will be on our real estate portfolio. But it should be noted that our real estate portfolio is diverse. It includes both domestic and international exposures. So the impact we'll learn more as things go on. I think where we're learning the most about our real estate is obviously on the commercial mortgage loan side. So that's where we're getting some real insight into what's going on in the real estate market. And those teams, the commercial mortgage loan team work very, very closely with the real estate equity team at AIG. And all of those investments are managed directly. So we have great level sight  of line of sight to what's going on in that market, but it's still really early to determine what's going to happen.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, thanks Doug. So, why dont we get the next question then.
Operator: We will take our next question from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good morning everybody and thanks for the very helpful opening comments. I just want to start with one question on the removal of the 2021 exit rate return guidance. Just want to make sure I understand what it does and what it does not mean? Does it mean from your perspective that you could see the COVID impact linger or continue well into 2021?
Doug Dachille: Well, let me take that. Who knows? I mean, you don't know whether COVID will reemerge, if it does go down an impact in 2020. It's really a question of how much predictability is there to quarterly earnings. And it's difficult to predict quarters. So if you can't predict the quarter, I don't want to try to predict a year or several years.  I think it's important to note, though, that the underlying power of the company remains. We're very, very strong in the GI. GI has continued to show improvement. Good work that has been done over the last 3 years, what Peter and his team have continued on. So the returns that we were talking about, I believe, if you  certainly, if you pick the COVID out for a second, are going to continue to improve. And so that trajectory we're on is, we're still on. Now you have a COVID event, and I think the COVID event certainly would impact L&R on a short-term basis. But again, we think the long-term power of the company is there. So COVID itself, it will be large. I told you that I believe it will be the largest event in the insurance industry, but it is -- it's an inflection point. And that effect that we'll see -- we've already been in a market on the GI side, General Insurance, P&C side that was turning. It was improving. And the rates in terms and conditions were improving for the risk taker. This COVID is going to prove to be an inflection point. So, companies with strong balance sheet, we have one; companies with strong management, we have one; companies that has been well risk managed, and we've done that now, they're going to be on the right side of that. And so we believe we can handle anything that comes with COVID and we feel very strong. But predicting quarter-to-quarter is just impossible. So, I hope that helps.
Yaron Kinar: Yes, it does.
Brian Duperreault: Next question.
Yaron Kinar: So, my follow-up question on that is when you talk about COVID being the largest catastrophe event in the industry's history. Can you maybe talk about what P&C lines in particular you would foresee having very large losses here? And maybe also the proportion of losses that you'd expect coming from L&R, maybe not directly COVID-related, but from capital markets activity?
Brian Duperreault: Well, I'm going to have Peter talk about what we see in the P&C side, and then I'll let Kevin talk about L&R. So, Peter, do you want to talk about that first?
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Thank you, Brian. We mentioned quite a few lines when we were referring to the first quarter, whether it's travel, M&A, A&H, some other lines to think about that could have activity, workers' compensation. We don't know about D&O liability. We have been watching it very carefully and making certain that we're looking at any line that we think could have an impact. But what I can tell you to add to Brian's comments before, is that we have a very thorough process and we'll be consistent all the way through. We know the CAT is still ongoing, which is a very rare. So, as things emerge and develop, we will adapt to that. And we're looking at this across every global geography where we think there's impact and multiple lines of business. But because the CAT is still going, we even have two months left in the quarter. It's hard to see what transpire in the future. But as I said, we have a great process, and we will keep everybody have a great process, and we will keep everybody updated on lines of business as they emerge.
Brian Duperreault: Kevin, on L&R?
Kevin Hogan: Yes. Thanks. So, I'll address it really in 3 pieces, mortalities of the markets and then maybe just a reminder around pricing. So, our reported mortality in the first quarter was below pricing, which continues the trend that we've had for the last two-plus years. But later in the period, what we did notice is that there were some delays in reporting, generally related the issuance of certain documentations. So, we put up the modest IBNR really for just running reporting. As we look ahead, we do expect that there will be additional mortality in the second and the third quarter, depending upon how circumstances and behaviors evolve. So, where does that leave us? We expect some expect some adverse mortality overall for 2020, but we don't expect to see significant impacts to the balance sheet based on what we know, and there could be some offsetting factors. In terms of the market effects, look, there's two things. I mean, when equity markets move, particularly when they go down, that ultimately reduces our future expected fee income, particularly in the annuities portfolio, which we have to reflect immediately and back. The reality is, is that the reduced reserve overall actually emerges as additional profits in the future. It also serves to increase our SOP all 3 1 reserves, and when changes in credit spreads, we see the immediate impact on fair value options. So those two short-term market effects are reversible. And that leads to the third thing, which is pricing and how do we feel about current pricing. And certainly, treasury rates are at all-time lows, but our ability to price product is to pace -- is based not only on where base rates are. But also where credit spreads, what is the shape of the yield curve and where investor expectations and appetites are. And so based on the power environment, we're still able to price the long-term expectations that we have. Certainly, there's disruptions in the sales environment, but it's difficult to anticipate what the future on that is going to be and how it resolves. So those are the three perspectives I have on the long-term earnings potential of the Life and Retirement environment.
Brian Duperreault: And one thing I'd just like to add there, Yaron, Peter's comments about certain lines of business, he mentioned workers' comp. I think it's important to remember that AIG has de-risked that workers' compensation business significantly, probably over the last 7, 8 years. And where AIG finds itself now is mostly in loss sensitive related programs, which have average deductibles north of $1 million. So when you think about debt in the work comp area, that's statutorily determined by state, that's going to be underneath a deductible, standard medical and temporary, all that falls away. It has to be a major permanent parcel to really penetrate it. So I think the book is well positioned given what we're talking about here.
Kevin Hogan: Yes. And just one other piece on the comp, and Peter mentioned this earlier, but, yes, there are COVID claims coming in, but I think you have to recognize that there's been a decline in a number of claims coming in otherwise. So it remains to be seen what the net effect of COVID has on the worker concept. So that's something to keep an eye on. With that, Abby, lets go to the next question.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning. I want to touch on comments on expected, continued underwriting core profitability in General Insurance and maybe how you think about the near-term impact of exposure drops given your economy and how that might affect the profitability improvement plan for the remainder of this year?
Kevin Hogan: Okay. Michael, well, that's Peter. So Peter, why don't you do that?
Peter Zaffino: Okay. Thank you for the question. We certainly are paying very close attention to lines of business that would be affected by the economic headwinds that are generated from COVID-19. I mentioned some of them in the prior question in areas where we're watching for loss, but I would think that there's going to be a meaningful falloff of travel in the second quarter. M&A could be some fall off in aerospace, marine and energy, and we mentioned workers' compensation. Having said all that is that you got to remember the segmentation and demographic of our portfolio, I mean, over 75% of our businesses on some form of either deductible SIR or funded captive. And so we don't have a direct correlation, even though it is rated off of a payroll, sales, auto is done on an excess basis. And therefore, we do not think we will have as much headwind in terms of premium reduction. There will be some, but it will be more modest because it's not a direct ratable exposure that generates the premium. We have different factors in terms of how we adjust excess premium. So we just don't think it's going to be as pronounced. Brian mentioned on workers' compensation, the decrease in frequency. It's not a trend yet, but it's an observation that, while COVID losses are increasing, we're seeing a commensurate drop in where our clients are retaining losses that those are dropping. So as we look at repositioning our portfolio, where we attach on an excess basis and the commensurate premium as I said, there's going to be some lines of business that will affect. We there's opportunities for other areas of growth. As we have repositioned the portfolio, we like where we are, and think that the leadership position that AIG can demonstrate in the marketplace will give us also some select opportunities for growth.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks. Michael, anything else?
Michael Phillips: No. Thats it. Thank you, Peter. Appreciate it.
Peter Zaffino: Okay. Thanks, Michael, Abby, next question.
Operator: We will take our next question from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Thanks for the call everyone. I'm a little concerned that the loss with the  the big CAT loss that you have from Totalbank seems more of a liability loss than a property loss. Could you talk about how the reinsurance could protect you in liability-type catastrophe versus property. I think we all feel is excess loss properties, but I can't recall liability to cash is simple size. So I don't know with regard to in terms of coverage ?
Brian Duperreault: Okay. So Paul, you want us to talk about in a COVID versus our reinsurance program?
Paul Newsome: Yes. If COVID was a liability loss instead of a property loss?
Brian Duperreault: Yes. Okay. Well, Peter, I guess, that's you again.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Brian and Paul. So I outlined our property program and said that we had reduced volatility significantly. On the liability side, I think we've done actually even more. We used to retain significant limits within AIG and so we've been building a program over time that significantly reduce the net limits that we put out as well as the gross limits. And also we did that on an excess of loss basis and also on a quota share. So on a general liability policy, as an example, we would have less than probably, depending on the limit, we have a 50% plus quota share on our first limit retention that we have 100% reinsurance above $25 million. So we have  if you issue a policy, a significant sized policy, the multi have net is between $10 million and $12 million. So we actually have significant protection on the quota share as well as the excess of loss.
Brian Duperreault: So Paul, let me just jump in. Look, our reinsurance is good and solid, and Peter has done a tremendous job along with his team to put that together. Our first-line of defense is the way we manage our portfolio to start with. And so you can't rely on reinsurance to make a portfolio better than it is.  o we've done a tremendous amount of work, risk selection, limits management, attachment points and pricing along all the lines of business property and casualty and that's where we feel very confident about our situation vis--vis the impact that COVID will  as those impacts unfold. So I just want to add that. So Paul, did you have another  anything else?
Paul Newsome: No. Thats it for me. Thanks for the answer and thank you very much.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Youre welcome, Paul. Thank you. Next question, Abby?
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to confirm some of that, I guess, Peter said earlier in the Q&A. Yes. There's affirmative BI coverage for 1% of total property limit. But sounds like that could be somewhat of a big notional number that you might get, roughly?
Brian Duperreault: Well, I said one. Peter, go ahead.
Kevin Hogan: Peter, go ahead.
Peter Zaffino: Sorry, Ryan. What I said was, not that that was a permanent coverage and those sublimits would trigger coverage. What I said is that the limits that we provided on the affirmative, which have, again, a bunch of triggers that I outlined in my previous answer that we have well less than 1% of our total limits when you compare that to our property gross limits. So, again, it's well less than 1%. And I'm not suggesting that we confirm that there is coverage or that we are adjudicating claims on that amount. It's just that, that's what we have for limits, and then it goes case-by-case, insured-by-insured in terms of what the losses.
Brian Duperreault: Yes. Ryan, let me just add something here. And that is, Peter talked about that process of evaluating the losses occurring in the first quarter. I've been in this business a long time, 40-plus years. And I've seen a lot of things come and go. I've seen difficulties in trying to assess loss. I have to tell you the process that they  that we went through, that they went through, we went through, it's as good as anything I've ever seen. They have gone through every bit of the portfolio. They looked at everything where there was a potential and evaluated whether there would be reason to post the reserve, if it was, it was done. So we have posted the reserve that we believe are appropriate, albeit conservative for that, everything that happened in the first quarter. I just want to make sure that everybody understands that, everything that happened there.
Ryan Tunis: Yes, yes. So could you just talk a little bit about how you're seeing business interruption, losses might respond within the Validus book? And also, just the $272 million net loss number, what does that look like on a growth basis of reinsurance? Thanks.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Well, Peter, that's you again.
Peter Zaffino: Okay. With Validus Re, we've gone seat-by-seat and have taken a look at our gross net exposures and put up what we thought was the best estimate based on, again, the same process that we outlined for the core of AIG in the first quarter. In terms of the net growth, I mean, look, there's some reinsurance. I'm not going to go into great detail in terms of what the net is versus the growth is, still an evolving loss as we outlined with meaningful IBNR. But again, I've outlined what I thought were the reinsurance structures that could apply in the event that the loss were to grow over time.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Thanks, Ryan. Abby, lets go to the next question.
Operator: We will take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. This is soft of a related question, but it seems to be top of mind for a lot of investors. How should we think about commercial property where there is no little bit of coverage, but no virus exclusion, given some apparent court decision saying that non circle damage would qualify?
Brian Duperreault: Well, it's a technical question, Peter, can you do this?
Peter Zaffino: Hey Meyer. It's a really hard question to answer because it's, hypothetical. The only thing I can really do is comment on the policies that we have and where we think, again, I outlined demographics of it and think that the exclusions that we have and where we granted affirmative coverage, it's very specific. And so, it's hard to answer that because I don't think it really applies to our portfolio.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's fair, unrelated question. I guess, I would have expected maybe better results in international personal lines, assuming, an international shelter in place order. Am I missing something there?
Brian Duperreault: International personal lines, Peter?
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. What, what happened in international personal lines? It's not an anomaly, but we basically had a runoff program, that impacted we still had earned premium, so it was put into runoff in 2018 that earned premium in 2019 and as you've been doing the re underwriting of the portfolio, again not as much as we did on the commercial. We've just lost a little bit of premium. And so, the ratios, look like they perhaps are not going in the right direction, but the absolute performance is very strong. We like the personal book very much and think that there's some real discrete opportunities for growth, particularly in A&H and an areas across, all of international an accident held them new digital platform we're putting in. So I wouldn't read into that in terms of a trend is just, the impact of a runoff of business. Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thanks.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks Peter. Thanks Meyer. Let's go to the next question. I think 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yeah, thanks. So, Brian, I'll have this one for you. We're going to Peter on it. Given the impact you've seen of COVID-19 on the general church business as well as the life insurance businesses, I'm wondering if you're at all rethinking the strategic rationale of actually having both the lights in the TMT operation in the same company?
Peter Zaffino: Well, Brian, I guess, you know, my job is to continually always think about, the structure that we have. Does it make sense? Would we be better in a different structure? And so that's, that thinking continues, I think at this point. We're comfortable with where we are, but I -- that's my job is to continue to do that. So we'll continue to keep looking at that. There were reasons why these two belong together and those two are still there. But we, I'll always think about that, but there is nothing that I would talk about. Right now I think we're comfortable with it.
Brian Duperreault: Any other question, Brian? 
Brian Meredith: Yeah, this is just one of the quick one here. I'm just thinking about it. So given us the largest cash loss coverage, each inch industry probably ever, if I kind of think back, AIG with -- had well over $2 billion of losses, are we talking about it potential last year? There's going to be well north of a $1 billion for you guys. Ultimately, at the end of the day, if this is truly the largest cash we lost ever?
Peter Zaffino: Well, I look at it, we're not the company we were Brian. We're not the company then, there's been a complete, change and we look at the risk, the de-risking that we've done, the limits management, the improved reinsurance profiles all lead us -- put us in a position where we are much stronger and able to withstand an event. And so I point out that this is the largest event because I want people to understand that it's creating an inflection point in the industry. But there are going to be some who do well in this process and some that won't. We're in -- we believe we will do well through this event and that we're going to emerge stronger and more in demand than we were before.
Q  Brian Meredith: Makes sense. Thank you.
Brian Duperreault: You are welcome. Abby, next question.
Operator: We will take our next question from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. On the life insurance side, I'm wondering if you could give a bit more of sensitivity in terms of the COVID-19 exposure, what you might expect during the course of the year. And then with regard to variable annuity hedging that was very strong. What was your hedging expensive numbers for the variable annuity? And lastly, just in terms of the press release and what you said on the call, you talked about maintaining the return on equity profile for the life business, what might that profile be? I mean could you kind of drill in where you think a good range for all the Life and Retirement could be?
Brian Duperreault: Okay, Andrew, thanks. So I'm going to have Kevin, obviously, talk about the sensitivity around COVID-19 and the hedging program. And the hedging program, I think, Kevin, why don't you do the piece about the variable annuity, but I would like Doug to jump in on the -- what happened with Fortitude as well. So Kevin, why don't you start?
Kevin Hogan: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Thanks, Andrew. So look, I guess I'll address that from a couple of perspectives. I covered the market impacts, the short-term market impacts. So I'm not sure I need to go back to that. But I mean, clearly, when equity markets move, it impacts the SOP in the DAC and when the fair values move, that impacts the fair value options. Those will never -- I'm sorry, Andrew?
Andrew Kligerman: Yes. I apologize. I needed to be clear, I mean quickly the mortality. What would series
Kevin Hogan: Mortality. So its very straightforward that in the first quarter, we saw mortality better than pricing. We believe there are delays in the reporting of those claims. As we look at second quarter and third quarter based on where the current estimates are, this is well within our first level modeled stress scenario. We don't expect any significant impact on the balance sheet. And there's also -- it's difficult to project how people are going to behave, how people are going to respond. So that's about the best that we can do. It's just based on where we believe our market presence and geographical presence are versus the current expected losses. In terms of hedging, what I would say is, first of all, you can only hedge what you have. And so the liability profile that we have is a big part of the success of our hedging program because we have primarily de-risked benefits, sold well after the VA arms race of the mid-2000s. And so that includes our feature of requiring fixed income allocation, volatility control funds, et cetera. We've hedged all hedgeable market risks. We've left an open position relative to credit spread, because we believe that that is a natural hedge against our general account portfolio. Over time, our hedge effectiveness is around 90%, and it's continued to perform almost exactly as we expected in the various market dynamics, resulting in I think the results, the good results were reported for the quarter. But I'm going to pass on to Doug because another feature of our hedging success in the first quarter was also in the Fortitude portfolio.
Doug Dachille: All right. Thank you, Kevin. So I just wanted to comment on the fact that what you don't really see in the financials is with respect to the legacy segment, you're seeing all the mark-to-market impact particularly of the fair value option securities that are in legacy and to some extent, in Fortitude. What you don't see is the fact that we had established interest rate and credit hedges, which all that P&L and effect goes through realized capital gains and losses. So you don't really see the net effect. But the best way to look at how that  how the entity performed and how those hedges are formed and how effective they were is as Mark made in his prepared remarks, he said that the regulatory capital ratios for the entity were preserved from over a year ago. So that gives you a sense of how effective our hedging strategy was for things that you're not necessarily seeing when you look at the mark-to-market volatility that is reported in our financial statement in the APTI. So, thank you.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Thanks, Doug. And Abby, I think we're running a little long, but why don't we take one last question?
Operator: Yes. Our next question will be from Scott Frost with State Street Global Advisors.
Scott Frost: Thank you for taking my question. You said you expect COVID to be the largest single P&C event industry's ever seen. Could you give us some background on what the basis is with this assessment, specifically the length of shutdown you're assuming here? And what are your thoughts on the Willis piece released Friday, and over how many years do you expect claims to develop and be paid? I'm assuming multiyear payment profile, but if I'm wrong, please correct me.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Well, let me start with that and then Peter can add from it. But in terms -- just in terms of the payments, these particularly business interruption claims are very long in process and payments. So I think we're just I think we just cleaned up the last business interruption from Superstorm Sandy to give you some idea. So anyway, but in terms of the estimate, I mean, we've seen a lot of different estimates, and I think they run the range, but the first thing you have to understand is this is global in nature. This pandemic is affected every corner of the world. It isn't that hard to come up with a reasonable assumption around the effects because we're seeing effects in Europe, we're seeing effects in Japan. We're seeing effects in Latin America, and of course, here in North America. So whether it's the effects of comp that we talked about or it's the business interruption, we've seen travel and event cancellations and on and on and on, it doesn't take much to figure out how this is spread across the globe. The question for us is, what's our position on all those things and we feel very, very comfortable with how we've managed this risk in general and how we're well-positioned for COVID. Peter, do you want to add anything to that?
Peter Zaffino: Not much. The only thing I would just add is what you said. We've seen a lot of very good written documents that have come out. But just because of the ongoing nature of the event and the complexity of the different lines of business, it's the wide range of scale in terms of the low end of the high end is about as wide as you'll see in terms of predicting cash. So, it's very hard to pinpoint anything or the level of accuracy until this evolves over time.
Scott Frost: Well then how can we say that it's going to be the largest event we've ever seen when there's a wide range, I mean, again, you're saying that's going to exceed Katrina? So, on the basis of that, what -- I mean, again, what are we saying? I mean, the world supports a length of shutdown is really the determining factor. They're saying a year its $80 billion. When you say it's greater than Katrina, is that the basis of your statement or can it be less than -- I mean, what I'm trying to get at is, how are you getting to that statement?
Brian Duperreault: Peter?
Peter Zaffino: Yes. I mean -- so looking at -- I mean, let's get off the Willis is that we've done a ground-up analysis based on what we think can be an industry loss with a lot of assumptions, again, let's get off the Willis is that we've done a ground-up analysis based on what we think can be an industry loss with a lot of assumptions, again, length of time, severity, geographic spread and have done it across multiple lines of business. And length of time, severity, geographic spread and have done it across multiple lines of business. And again, we're not in the business of putting out ranges as to what is going to happen to the industry because we look at our own portfolio. But when we look at market share of different lines of business, we came up with an estimate that exceeded Katrina. And I think that was the basis of Brian's statement.
Scott Frost: Okay. It would be helpful if you told us some of the assumptions behind that, so I'm driving that. Thank you. I appreciate the comments.
Brian Duperreault: Well, thank you very much. Like I said, we've gone past our time. So, I want to wrap this up. And so first of all, I want to thank everyone again for joining us today. And I also want to thank our clients and distribution partners, our shareholders, other stakeholders. We're all in this together and we will get through this challenging time together. Most importantly, finally, I want to thank our colleagues around the world. Guys you've exceeded my expectations and I could not be prouder of what we've accomplished together over the last few months. So, everyone, please be safe and be healthy and thank you again. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIG's Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Sabra Purtill Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Sabra Purtill: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Today's call will cover AIG's fourth quarter and year-end 2019 financial results announced earlier this morning. The news release financial results presentation and financial supplement were posted on our website at www.aig.com and the 10-K for the year will be filed next week.
Brian Duperreault: Good morning and thank you for joining us to review our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. For the fourth quarter adjusted after-tax income was $919 million or $1.03 per common share. For full year 2019 adjusted after-tax income was $4.1 billion or $4.59 per common share and return on common equity and adjusted return on common equity were 5.3% and 8.3% respectively. These results reflect the significant progress we made over the course of 2019 on the execution of our strategy to position AIG for long-term sustainable and profitable growth. Our focus on fundamentals and the foundational work that we've done since late 2017 is becoming evident on our financial performance with our 2019 results reflecting broad-based improvement across all segments. I will highlight some of the important milestones we achieved this past year most notable being in those in General Insurance business. GI produced a full year 2019 combined ratio of 99. six and an accident year combined ratio as adjusted of 96%. It's hard to say given all the issues at AIG over the last decade-plus but I honestly can't remember the last time AIG had a full year underwriting profit.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Brian and good morning, everyone. Today I will review 2019 financial performance for General Insurance update you on major reinsurance basements completed as part of the January renewal season share observations regarding current market conditions and outline notable business unit accomplishments and General Insurance. I will also provide an overview of AIG 200. As Brian mentioned we are very pleased that in 2019 general insurance achieved and underwriting costs. This was an important milestone for our team and reflects the significant work that was done in 2018 and 2019 to build a world-class leadership team establish a new comprehensive underwriting strategy for general insurance clearly outlined a defined risk appetite for our distribution partners and clients and complete critical foundational work to improve our portfolio while meaningfully reducing volatility through underwriting actions and a comprehensive reinsurance strategy.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you Peter and good morning everyone. Today I will discuss our full year results and outlook for 2020 and then briefly comment on our results for the fourth quarter. Life and Retirement recorded adjusted pretax income of $3.46 billion for the full year and delivered adjusted return on attributed common equity at 13.7%. Adjusted pretax income increased by $268 million from the prior year. Solid underlying results were further supported by capital markets conditions and their effect on both assets and liabilities. Impacts from accretive equity market returns increased by $244 million including higher fee income lower deferred acquisition cost amortization and higher returns on alternative investments. Short-term positive impacts from lower interest rates and credit spreads increased by $154 million including higher returns on fair value option securities and gains on calls. Our earnings also benefited from higher assets due to new business growth. These positive impacts were partially offset by a further impact from spread compression of approximately $112 million or seven basis points annually and investments to enhance our operating platforms. As to our top line 2019 was a good example of our strategy to accelerate or moderate new business depending on relative returns. With very favorable pricing conditions during the first quarter we deployed significant capital in individual retirement and produced robust new business volume at attractive margins. As rates and spreads declined over the remaining three quarters we adjusted our pricing and reduced individual annuity sales levels as our view of margins became less attractive. At the same time we achieved record year for new group acquisitions and group retirement and continued to grow international sales for our life insurance business and focused on consistent profitable growth in institutional markets. Looking ahead to full year 2020 we expect adjusted pretax income to be more in line with our 2018 results. These expectations assume equity market returns of 6. 5% and 10-year treasury rates around 1.7%. To give you an idea of market sensitivity of our adjusted earnings including impact of both assets and liabilities a 1% decrease in equity market returns would decreased adjusted pretax income by approximately $30 million to $40 million annually and there would be a corresponding increase in earnings from a 1% increase in equity market returns. A 10 basis points decrease in 10-year treasury rates would decrease earnings by approximately $5 million to $15 million annually and there would be a corresponding increase in earnings from a 10 basis points increase in treasury rates. It is important to note that these market sensitivity ranges are not exact or linear since our earnings were also impacted by the timing and degree of interest rate movements as well as credit spreads and other factors. Based on our interest rate level assumptions our expectation for full year 2020 is for base investment spreads across the whole portfolio to decline by approximately eight to 16 basis points annually with the middle of the range resulting in a headwind of approximately $200 million. Based on our expectations for rates and spreads we expect negative net flows for group retirement and individual retirement for the year with decreased levels of individual annuity sales particularly in fixed annuities. Finally from a statutory perspective we expect to continue to generate solid earnings and maintain strong capitalization and broad operating entities. Now I will briefly discuss our results for the fourth quarter. Life and Retirement reported adjusted pretax income of $839 million for the quarter. Adjusted pretax income increased by $216 million from the prior year quarter. Impacts from accretive equity market returns increased by $176 million and short-term positive impacts from lower interest rates and credit spreads increased by $46 million. These positive impacts were partially offset by spread compression and previously mentioned investments to enhance our operating platforms. Our Individual Retirement premiums and deposits decreased primarily due to lower fixed annuity sales reflecting low rates and reducing credit spreads. Lower sales resulted in decreased net flows for total individual annuities while total assets under administration grew driven by strong equity market performance and higher annuity net flows in the first half of the year. For Group Retirement premiums and deposits increased by 10% from the prior year quarter driven by strong new group acquisition results. Net flows were below the prior year quarter due to higher group's Despite facing negative net flows for a period of time we've continued to produce solid earnings for this business as assets under administration have continued to grow. For our Life Insurance business total premiums and deposits increased due to higher international sales. Our U.S. life sales declined as we continued to deemphasize guaranteed universal life sales in the current interest rate environment and indexed universal life sales remained under pressure. Lastly our overall mortality returned to trend and was once again favorable making this 10 out of the last 12 quarters where mortality was either at or favorable to pricing assumptions. For institutional markets we have continued to grow our asset base and earnings and the business continues to be well positioned to capitalize on available growth while remaining focused on achieving targeted returns. Deposits decreased due to robust pension risk transfer activity in the fourth quarter of last year. Across our businesses we are continuing to invest as needed to prepare for the evolving regulatory and accounting landscape and to leverage these ongoing investments to further improve our efficiency and competitive position. We are pleased with the comprehensive retirement reform provided by the passage of the Secure Act. In addition to the expected outcome of increasing the availability of income solutions for participants in defined contribution plans we believe that it will ultimately enhance the overall education and awareness of the need for protected lifetime income as part of a comprehensive diversified retirement plan. For our Group Retirement business we are evaluating several unique lifetime income options. Other benefits of the Secure Act include raising the age for required minimum distributions 72 and eliminating the age limit for contributions to IRAs of which present opportunities for both our Group Retirement and Individual Retirement businesses. To close we remain committed to our ongoing strategy to leverage our broad product expertise and distribution footprint to deploy capital to the most attractive opportunities which we believe positions us well to help meet growing needs for protection retirement savings and lifetime income solutions. Now I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Kevin and good morning all. AIG's adjusted after-tax earnings per share was $1.03 in the fourth quarter compared to a negative $0. 63 per share in the prior quarter. AIG had adjusted pretax income of $1. two billion and adjusted after-tax income of $919 million for the fourth quarter. And for the full year adjusted after-tax earnings were approximately $4.1 billion or $4.59 per diluted share representing a $3.42 per share improvement over 2018. Adjusted book value per share which excludes AOCI and DTA was $58.89 an increase of 2.2% from third quarter and 7.2% relative to year-end 2018. Return on adjusted common equity or ROCE was an annualized 7.3% for the quarter and 8.3% for the full year driven by General Insurance at 9% for the full year and Life and Retirement at 13.7% for the full year. An important driver of earnings and ROCE improvements in the fourth quarter was our net investment income or NII which was $3. five billion on an adjusted pretax income basis almost the same as the third quarter of 2019 reflecting higher alternative investment income and prepayments and bond calls. NII on an adjusted pretax income basis was up $649 million for the fourth quarter 2018 which was negatively impacted by higher rates lower equity markets and negative returns on alternatives last year. On a full year basis 2019 NII was nearly $14.4 billion on an adjusted pretax income basis well above our original expectations and up $1.7 billion from 2018 due to strong alternative returns impacted of lower rates and credit spreads on fair value option bonds and equity markets offset in part by the impact lower reinvestment rates. Legacy contributed $2.5 billion of NII in 2019. I want to call your attention to additional investment income information on Page 46 of the financial comparables which provides information on the drivers of NII for both GI and Life and Retirement. This should help you refine your models including the impact of continued low rates on margins in L&R and elsewhere. I'll discuss our 2020 outlook later in my remarks. Turning to General Insurance, the segment produced an underwriting profit with the calendar quarter combined ratio of 99.8% and current accident quarter excluding CAT combined ratio of 95.8%. The calendar quarter underwriting income was $12 million an increase of nearly $1.1 billion from the fourth quarter of 2018 with North America contributing $852 million of improvement and international operations contributing $231 million of improved. Also both commercial and personal lines including their exciting quarter underwriting margins in the fourth quarter versus the prior year quarter. Moreover each reportable segment also saw improvements for the full accident year 2019 over 2018 both in North America and international commercial lines and personal lines. The full 2019 accident year combined ratio improved 370 basis points relative to 2018 and as Peter mentioned with a 240 basis point improvement in the loss ratio a 140 basis point reduction in the GEO ratio partially offset by a marginal 10 basis point increase in acquisition ratio. Additionally as Peter referenced crop results for the year negatively impacted the full global 2019 accident year by a half loss ratio for it at a global level. It's also important to note that this improvement in the loss ratio represents the benefits from all the underwritten actions taken in 2018 and 2019 and 2020 and beyond should begin to see additional improvements finer points adjustments filter through our financial results. The net CAT ratio for the fourth quarter was 6.5% versus 11.3% of fourth quarter 2018 despite a high level of gross CATs in both quarters as the combination of lost line reunderwriting together with the improved reinsurance program continues to reduce the general insurance net CAT ratio. Both quarters have losses from California wildfires in Japanese typhoons but our aggregate reinsurance program reduced our net exposure consistent with our commentary on the third quarter call. Turning to prior year development or PYD as in prior quarters we'd like to unpack that for you. The reported $153 million of favorable development includes $58 million of favorable amortization from the ADC deferred gains or adverse development coverage preferred gains resulting in $95 million of favorable development excluding that influence which is on a post-ADC recoverable basis. On a pre-ADC basis we had $118 million of favorable development with 2017 CAT rate leases and wildfire subrogation producing approximately $290 million of favorable development. Global Specialty providing $70 million of favorable development. $60 million of favorable development in international personal lines. $5 million of favorable development in U.S. primary casualty lines which include general liability and workers compensation and approximately $13 million from various other units. On the other side we had unfavorable pre-ADC development of approximately $320 million stemming from our U.S. financial lines book. This unfavorable development emanates primarily from our private not-for-profit D&O book which represents about $130 million unfavorable and the mergers and acquisitions book which represented roughly $90 million of unfavorable. Other areas largely represented fine-tuning. As Fidelity had $39 million unfavorable public primary and excess D&O to roughly $35 million unfavorable $16 million in cyber and $7 million unfavorable and this represented roughly a $210 million unfavorable on a post ADC basis which indicates that the strengthening was that the strengthening was mostly centered in accident years 2016 through 2018. On a full year pre-ADC basis the company enjoyed $341 million of favorable development led by workers' compensation personal lines global specialty and commercial short-tail line with unfavorable development on the annual basis emanating from financial lines as just discussed and some in excess casualty. On an accident year and post-ADC basis and as shown in the financial supplement accident year 2018 increased by one loss ratio point over the year. The 2017 accident year decreased by 0.6 loss ratio points and accident year 2016 remained flat. We reviewed the roll forward potential and the impact of accident year 2019 but it would not be material in some segments somewhat improved and others somewhat worse. Peter discussed the rate increases being achieved throughout General Insurance. And although they bode well towards 2020 the uptick in U.S. social inflation together with an increasing proportion of litigated claims and increased securities class action filings may cause slower recognition of any arithmetically implied margin expansion. The book has undergone massively underwriting. So our historical experience is only moderately useful projecting forward. Given the changes in the external economic and legal climate coupled with AIG's material underwriting changes it's prudent and best practices that let the loss experience emerge for any accident year 2020 adjustments are contemplated. Turning to the Life and Retirement segment, adjusted pretax income is nearly $3.5 billion. As Kevin noted an increase of $268 million in 2018. For the quarter adjusted pretax income was $839 million up $260 million over fourth quarter 2018 helped along in part by higher equity level. Premiums and deposits decreased 3.6% on a full year basis as we continued to be prudent on product pricing in this environment. Regarding spread compression individual retirement variable and indexed annuities combined base net investment spreads fell off 28 basis points for 2019 versus last year whereas individual retirement fixed annuities base investment spreads fell off just nine basis points for 2019 versus 2018. On the group retirement side base net investment spreads actually increased four basis points versus last year. Regarding net flows on a full year basis individual retirement across all products combined had negative net flows although these were cut in half relative to last year. Fixed annuities materially reduced their net outflow. Variable annuities were similar to last year. Whereas indexed annuities continue to exhibit material strength with positive net flows of $4.7 billion for the year. And retail mutual funds had a similar level of net negative outlook. As respect, surrender rates for the year fixed annuities were 90 basis points lower than 2018 whereas the composite of variable and fixed annuity rates were effectively flat. On the Group Retirement side net flows were negative but marginally better than 2018 and the surrender rate decreased 60 basis points on a full year basis. Additionally as a measure of future earnings power assets under administration grew 14.5% during 2019 with similar growth experienced by both individual and group retirement. The Life segment grew life insurance in force by nearly 10% during the year aided by the growth in international life. Institutional markets had $45 million more in adjusted pretax income with premiums and deposits double in 2019 and the pension were transfer space with guaranteed investment contracts down in volume. As Kevin discussed the combination of reinvestment yields including low rates and tight spreads and minimum crediting rate pressure on 2019 earnings which were offset in part by very strong alternative returns including a large gain on a private equity investment as previously discussed. Turning to Legacy, adjusted pretax income was $177 million compared with the fourth quarter 2018 loss which has reflected a $105 million charge from loss recognition on accident and health cancer and disability blocks. Legacy NII on a full year basis with nearly $2.5 billion slightly higher than last year and the annualized recurring on distributed common equity was 5.4% for the year driven by $501 million of adjusted pretax income. As a reminder, legacy is largely driven by And in November we announced the agreement to sell with 76.6% interest in Fortitude which we expect to close mid-year subject to regulatory approval. With respect to tax the final effective tax rate was 22.1% for 2019 applicable to adjusted pretax income and 19.3% for the quarter inclusive of discrete items, which also includes a nine-month $14 million catch-up adjustment to reflect the lower full year tax rate. As you know effective tax rates are updated each quarter using actually results remaining quarters are forecasted and integrated. And as always the tax rate is heavily influenced each quarter by the geographic distribution of income by tax jurisdiction. We did not repurchase any shares in the fourth quarter so our Board authorization remains at $2 billion. Moving to leverage, as compared to year-end 2018 our total debt and deferred to total capital ratio improved 310 basis points to 26.2% at the year-end 2019. Adjusted book value per share increased 7.2% from year-end 2018 and GAAP book value per share increased 15.2% since the year-end 2018 benefiting from approximately $6.4 billion of AOCI gains during the year. Now I'd like to pivot providing some information on our outlook for 2020 all on an adjusted pretax income basis. First however recall that 2019 has very strong profit that aren't expected to recur in 2020. Net investment income or NII is a key example. The excess returns of our alternative portfolio together with credit compression not expected to repeat in 2020 together NII forecast for 2020. NII is expected to be nearly $13.6 billion on a full year basis which represents an approximate 4.3% yield on investable assets with an associated range of plus or minus 25 basis points. The 2020 NII by segment from a point estimate perspective is expected to be $3.2 billion for General Insurance $8.2 billion for Life and Retirement and $2.2 billion for Legacy on the basis that order stays with AIG all year both the 100% level. General Insurance is expected to achieve $45 billion for 2020 net written premiums virtually flat with 2019. And therefore a similar 2020 net earned premium outlook. However given what Peter discussed about the evolving structure of Syndicate 2019 our forecast for net written premium may decrease as this structure is finalized. We will provide an update on Syndicate 2019 on our first quarter call. Moving on to underwriting profitability, the accident year combined ratio for 2020 is expected to be in the range of 93.8% to 94.8% ex CAT. Life and Retirement is expected to have adjusted pretax income between $3.1 billion and $3.3 billion for 2020 which is a level comparable to 2018. Legacy on a full year basis is expected to provide of roughly $100 million to $120 million. Other operations -- well beginning with the first quarter 2020 we're going to provide more clarity and insight into other operations. However in total we expect that the adjusted pretax income for 2020 to be between $60 million to $75 million lower than 2019 meaning a bigger negative. This represents an amalgam of consolidation and elimination entry interest expense on direct AIG debt as well as interest on debt within consolidated investment entities blackboard and both GOE and other income that in some cases grossed up for internal service charge backs. We've now given you the aggregate expected financial impact but this highlights the need to provide increased visibility into the components that we will do so. As Peter noted with respect to AIG 200 and we expect to invest $1.3 billion over the next three years and to realize a $1 billion of run rate GOE savings as we exit 2022. The anticipated impact to adjusted pretax income in 2020 is a $150 million APTI gain with roughly 75% of this to be reflected in general insurance with the balance evenly split between Life and Retirement and other operations. Run rate GOE savings are expected to be on a cumulative basis $300 million $600 million and $1 billion in 2022 through 2020 through 2022. We currently estimate roughly $400 million of the $1.3 billion cost to achieve being capitalized as the assets are put into service. We anticipate establishing a restructuring charge in the first quarter and we'll provide more details at that time. Regarding capital management and associated liquidity our options are primarily directed towards debt reduction and expected IRS payment of approximately $1.7 billion in the first half of 2020. AIG 200's $1.3 billion of investment beginning in 2020 and other possibilities to invest back into our core businesses. As for share repurchases we continually evaluate that option but we'll wait until the Fortitude sale of close review more fully. Lastly we expect to make additional progress reducing our year-end debt and preferred to total capital ratio lower than the current 26.2%. And with that I'll turn it back over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks Mark. We had a lot of content. So we'll go to questions, but we'll stay on past 9:00 to take as many questions as we can. Can we start then operator?
Operator:  We'll go first to Meyer Shields at KBW.
Meyer Shields: Two really quick questions. First in the accident year loss ratio excluding profit are there any other adjustments to the full year numbers to full year 2019 numbers? 
Brian Duperreault: From a full year aggregate it's nothing material. 
Meyer Shields: Okay perfect. And when we look forward I'm wondering how the planned reduction in earnings volatility aligns with what we see as much better pricing in the markets in particular as far as do we expect more exposure on a year-over-year basis capacity losses or recovery? 
Brian Duperreault: So it's really a question around retro's increasing costs. I guess Peter can answer that question. I think we've gone to our market with our reinsurance program you heard Peter describe it. So for 2020 I think we've established what the cost will be for us. But Peter do you want to answer that. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. So thanks Meyer. Yes the retro costs have increased and I think it will be a little bit different than last year because believe as we enter into the April one and June one renewal dates for Japan and respectively we're going to see meaningful rate increases on same structures. And so while the reinsurance market has seen increased retro cost. I believe that the reinsurance cost will be able to bear that cost in terms of how we are going to reinsure different portfolios. And we are not taking a lot more volatility in the portfolio. In other words because of the retro costs we're not looking to take a lot more net but consistent with our overall strategy on volatility and risk retention. You might talk about that. Just a second. So in terms of Validus yes that's what I referring more on April one and June one they ought to be able to position themselves in the marketplace. But we're not looking to grow and take on more CAT exposure on a net basis throughout 2020.
Operator: Move next to Jimmy Bhullar at JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Had one question on guidance and then also on Life and Retirement. On guidance you gave a lot of details on expectations for the year on margins and stuff. I don't know if you mentioned anything on the tax rate and also on sort of what type of capital you expect for the year if there is such a thing as a normal CAT load? 
Brian Duperreault: Mark?
Mark Lyons: Yes thanks for the question. No we gave guidance on an adjusted pretax basis at this point. And... 
Jimmy Bhullar: My point is what do you expect the tax rate to be if you are because it was very low in the fourth quarter and relatively low in 2019 as a whole? 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Actually the guidance around that is pretty similar to what we said last year so 22 23. And the gap question... 
Brian Duperreault: CAT load?
Mark Lyons: Oh well CAT load. I'm really glad you asked this question because you may recall that I think in the middle of the year we said we're going to start looking at this like every other company which is looking at return periods and looking at it on OEP and an AEP basis 10-K that will be coming out we'll provide that information for you. But AALs that we're getting away from we don't manage the company that way. We manage it on the return-period basis. And I'll leave with that. 
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on the Life and Retirement business your spread declined more than I think the guidance you had given earlier this year around two to three basis points a quarter in both individual and group retirement so is it just rates that that's driving this or is it competition or flexibility to comment on what's really driving that deterioration spread? 
Brian Duperreault: Yes sure Jimmy thanks. There is a little bit of noise in the spread movement third quarter to fourth quarter and year-over-year. And frankly it's relative to just some of the specifics of the market conditions through the quarters. And plus the year-over-year trend is really I think much more relevant. And so based on the environment that we're expecting we're sort of looking on an annualized basis at an eight to 16 basis points compression which is a little bit of an increase based on what we had before. But on the entire year basis our compression in 2019 was seven basis points collectively. So I think that we're seeing a little bit of compression. It's largely within what we expected certainly market conditions are very challenging right now. There was a little bit of noise third quarter to fourth quarter but no impact on trend as far as we're concerned. And maybe most importantly we are still seeing very attractive spreads available. 
Operator: We'll go next to Tom Gallagher at Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Just first question on the expense side. The restructuring charge that's coming in 1Q Mark that you referenced is that likely to be most of the or a sizable portion of the $1.3 billion investment? Are you going to take that all upfront? Or is that going to be far more modest? And how should we think about charge will charges be below the line or included in operating as you record some of these? 
Mark Lyons: Well yes good questions. Some of that will be giving you chapter when we go on our first quarter call as we alluded to. But you're going to have a mixture so what's above and below the line. You've then we'll give you all that detail. And as far as whether it's the major part of the restructuring are of the total cost of investment it's not going to be the major but we'll give you the details on that again in 1Q. 
Tom Gallagher: Okay. And then just a follow-up sorry just a follow-up on Kevin for investment spreads. I just want to be clear I know what the message is here. I heard the year-over-year comment on spreads. Do you expect spreads to be down versus the 4Q level because it was kind of a sharp drop in 4Q would you expect them to be more stable versus 4Q or still compressed from 4Q levels? 
Kevin Hogan: Well I think that obviously it does depend on what the specifics of each quarter-to-quarter movements are. But we would expect spreads comparable to largely comparable to where we were at the 4Q depending upon ultimately the market conditions. There was a little bit of movement sort of the 3Q or the 4Q as a result of certain characteristics of the investments Tom.
Operator: We'll go next to Yaron Kinar at Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: My first question goes to the 10% adjusted ROCE target by the end of 2021. Does that incorporate sale of the majority stake in Fortitude Re and maybe the impact on from CECL? And if it does maybe you could help us think about the from the sale of Fortitude Re?
Brian Duperreault: So let me take it and then Mark and it in. So when I gave you that target some time ago we had not contemplated the sale. Of Fortitude. And so we believe that then now we have a fortitude sale impending expected it would close midyear. That helps that number but that number we believe was achievable in the case. But I'll let Mark talk about the rest of the stuff CECL. So yes thank you. First off yes it contemplates both. So it contemplates the CECL which will have a shareholders heavily coming into the year for regulations. We had guided you last quarter that that was about $645 million. You'll see in our K that comes out the actual number but it's not materially different from that. So yes to that and as far as Fortitude it's all in. So the difficulty is that it's two things. One we estimate closing. We don't know exactly when closing is. And we've been around long enough to those down. And secondly the interest rate environment will be fairly material to the ultimate impact of what it will do to book equity. So it's fairly hard to predict. But yes we're anticipating that's all in. 
Yaron Kinar: And then my second question is around the GOE cost-saving targets of the are those gross or not? 
Brian Duperreault: Mark?
Mark Lyons: What's your definition of that gross or net? 
Yaron Kinar: Well I guess do you expect the I'm sorry. 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. So just for clarifying. So the if I go back to the comments from 2020 to 2021 it was $300 million $600 million $1 billion pure GOE. But that if you mean tax that's goes to tax. 
Yaron Kinar: It sounds like you would expect a certain portion of that to be reinvested back in the business? 
Brian Duperreault: Well, so that's part of our conversation back in the first quarter when we laid things out. But Peter talked about the $1.3 billion of investment and that's going to be reflected. There's cash assets there's putting capitalized assets into service and the timing of those when they're ready and they depreciate that type. There's a lot of moving parts. So I don't mean to be vague but there's a lot of moving parts and we'll get back to you in the first quarter. 
Operator: We'll go next to Elyse Greenspan at Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question you guys still seeing your premiums drop in the fourth quarter and it sounds like you expect them to be flat in 2020 yet you're getting a real good amount of rate and it sounds like there wasn't that much material changes to your reinsurance purchases for 2020. So I'm just trying to understand can you give us a sense of what businesses you're still shedding? And how business mix is offsetting some of the impact of rate as we still look at kind of a flat premiums written in 2020? 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. We'll start Peter 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thanks Elyse. I mean I think it's going to be consistent but just a little bit more tailing off in 2020 when you compare it to 2019 which is going to be gross underwriting actions that continue. I talked a little bit about long-term agreements rolling off. It's a big part of our reunderwriting in the first quarter property. We're still working through the Lexington. And even those statistics are daunting for us in terms of the improvement of the portfolio and the repositioning that still is going to be work that's going to be done. And then also the reinsurance think about the casualty quota share which was something that we felt really mitigated volatility. We entered into that in 2019 but that continues in 2020. So some of the discrete reinsurance purchases will have an impact on net premiums written not to the same extent it did in 2019 but certainly we'll carry over into '20 okay. And then my second question Mark... 
Brian Duperreault: Let me just add something here. When we started this turnaround so what do we basically we had businesses that were had limits that way. We weren't getting we had concentrations of risk where you just couldn't keep that concentration and we're taking it all net and we were getting price paid anything. So you start we've cut volatility out of this company by taking the limits down that takes premium out of the pit. We raised retentions that takes premium out of the pipe. Yes we've that takes premium out of the pipe. Yes we've raised rates. We've also bought reinsurance premiums out of pod. So we have not been concentrating on the top line because we had to concentrate on the bottom line. That's so once you get a base that you believe is sustainable then you grow it. And so we want to grow the business but we're going to concentrate on making sure this portfolio is rock solid. That's the number one priority. Okay Elyse you got another question?
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. And then my second question Mark in your guidance commentary you pointed to an accident year combined ratio of 93.8% to 94.8% in General Insurance. I recognize some of the expense figures you gave or exit run rates of $300 million for 2020 but if I kind of do some rough math it seems like of that improvement that you'll see over the next 12 months about half should come from the underlying loss ratio and half on the expense ratio does that feel about right given the expense program and the guidance you laid out? 
Mark Lyons: Well I'd say probably skewed more and more to the loss ratio. And as we go from '20 to '21 you see probably see that flip a degree of improvement.
Operator: We'll go next to Erik Bass of Autonomous Research. 
Erik Bass: And I appreciate the additional guidance details. Just wanted to ask a bigger picture question if you could help us kind of bridge the gap to the 10% ROE by year-end '21 or it seems relative to 2019 life and retirement facing a little bit of pressure. So can you help us just think about the contribution from GI margin expansion in AIG 200 to get there? And are there any other major moving pieces to consider? 
Brian Duperreault: Go ahead Mark. 
Mark Lyons: Well to get I guess a couple of things you guys to think about is I think as I tried to lay out the 8.3% return in calendar 2019 had some extraordinary gains in it. So if you normalize for that and things of that nature. It's not quite the same. I also think in the prior quarter I've mentioned that get to 10% is not linear that we would expect more in the back half than the first half of that. We have great expansion in GI on expected underwriting gain and although it a stronger marketplace environment. It's also a radically modified portfolio. So by the time 2021 we'll have a little more back of the window view of what 2020 looks like. And if we were lucky enough that the environment continues that's a great tailwind to help us out. AIG 200 is going to also help along the lines we just mentioned. So there should be incrementally better contributions from AIG 200 each year through 2021. 
Brian Duperreault: Stable in this environment. Maybe the ROEs have come down a little bit as we discussed. But we'd expect L&R to be stable and it wheels around the GI improvements it's loss ratio now. AIG 200 kicks in it will be expense ratios coming later. 
Erik Bass: Got it. And then just one follow-up on Life and Retirement guidance. I think you talked about $200 million or so drag from spread compression but based on the sensitivity Kevin that you gave on the equity markets I would think you would see some of that or much of it offset given the gains we saw last year. So are there other pieces to factor in that would kind of get you to the lower earnings next year? 
Peter Zaffino: Well Erik as I pointed out I mean our assumptions are for from the starting point of the year 6.5% on the equity markets. And that the 10-year will be around 1.7 and the sensitivities that we gave were relative to those assumptions. 
Operator: We'll move next to Brian Meredith at UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes just two for me here quickly. On the GOE is some of that on the AIG 200 is some of that going to come from loss adjustment expenses? And then maybe you can frame it a little bit how much kind of corporate versus general insurance? 
Brian Duperreault: Peter do you want to take that?
Peter Zaffino: Yes. So now we do not contemplate an AIG 200 the loss adjustment expense Brian. And then in terms of the way we framed out the program. I think if I understand your question correctly Mark put it into his prepared remarks which is basically three quarters of it will come through General Insurance over the of it will come through General Insurance over the program and then the other quarter will come into Life Retirement and Corporate. And again in terms of the sequencing of that I think it will be fairly consistent throughout the three years. 
Mark Lyons: And then my second one just a little clarification and sorry to kind of go on this one, but if I look at your ROE in 2022 when we come out here. We know that legacy is going to cause call it over $3 billion hit to your equity. When we take a look at that return on equity will if I add back that $3.5 billion of equity while we still have a double-digit return on equity in 2022? 
Brian Duperreault: I'll take that one. I have two things that are kind of countervailing actually three things come to mind. First off when we originally said the 10% we had a completely different investment environment investment outlook. So from that point of view having the Fortitude sale the impact on that is very helpful to offset some of the investment income outlook differences. And the other thing is the $3 billion number that's approximately that you talked about that's the impact on the impact from consolidation as opposed to the impact from sales an impact from sale is subfunction of whatever the market conditions are going to be on the day of closing. So it's pretty hard to come stay too hard to predict. I know it's complicated. Hopefully that helps. 
Operator: We'll take question from Suneet Kamath from Citi.
Suneet Kamath: Just a follow-up on Brian's question on the equity. As we think about kind of the half to the 10%. Is there a capital return or share buyback expectation that's built into that guidance? I know you talked about delevering but just want to get a sense of what we should think about in terms of getting that? 
Brian Duperreault: Well we're both looking at each other. Mark and I and I'd say look we'd expect that as we manage our capital we told you what our priorities are for this year. We're going to look at once we do close the fortitude we will relook at share buybacks which is probably about the second half of the year. It's still a management tool. We have an authorization so it's certainly possible.
Suneet Kamath: And then my follow-up is just on the first quarter call you mentioned a couple of times we're going to get some more detail. Can you just maybe give us a sense of what you're planning on disclosing in terms of AIG 200 in the first quarter call just the pieces? 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Mark you want to go back over that back and forth? 
Mark Lyons: Yes I think what we're going to try to do in the first quarter is just give you a little bit more clarity on the sequencing. And so while we have 10 initiatives and they'll largely be launched in the first quarter there will be sequencing in terms of where we start. And giving you a little bit more insight as to how that program progresses. And then I think that will tie to where Mark said before which is what type of expense needs to be deployed with that sequencing to match expenditures and getting after this launch. And so I think we'll be able to give you a little more clarity as to what you should expect on each of the programs and what it looks like for the rest of 2020. And I'll just -- Peter's comments. Do probably what you're inferring is someone else had add a lot more clarity on maybe perhaps the timing of capital being put in service you canalizing being put in service but clearly above and below the line aspect. So that will all be laid out.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Thank you very much. Let me appreciate your staying a little longer and all the intention. I just want to make one last comment and that is that as I said at the beginning of the call I'm really pleased that we delivered a on our 2019 commitments and we ended the year strong with great for the support we received from the industry partners and their clients. And we're really optimistic about what the future holds for AIG but last and certainly not least I want to thank our colleagues across the globe the resiliency they've shown over the last couple of years is tremendous and I'm proud to lead a group of such talent professionals who continue to go above and beyond to make AIG a better stronger company. So thank you all and have a good day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's And that does conclude today's conference. Again thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to AIG's Third Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Sabra Purtill, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Sabra Purtill: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. Today's call will cover AIG's third quarter 2019 financial results announced earlier this morning. The news release financial results presentation and financial supplement were posted on our website at www.aig.com at 7.00 A.M this morning and the 10-Q for the quarter will be filed later today after the call.Our speakers today include Brian Duperreault; President and CEO; Peter Zaffino, CEO of General Insurance and Global Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Hogan, CEO, Life and Retirement; and Mark Lyons, Chief Financial Officer. Following their prepared remarks we will have time for Q&A.Before Brian begins please note that our commentary and discussion may contain forward looking statements relating to company performance, market conditions, business mix and opportunities and strategic priorities. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. Actual performance and events may differ materially. Factors that could cause results to differ include the factors described in our first and second quarter 2019 reports on Form 10-Q or 2018 annual report on Form 10-K, and other recent filings made with the SEC. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Additionally, some remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our earnings release, financial supplement and presentation.Ill now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Good morning and thank you for joining us this morning.As I've said over the past few quarters, our leadership team has taken significant action on a number of fronts to lay the foundation for long term sustainable and profitable growth at AIG. The execution of our strategy is reflected in our results this quarter, which were in line with our expectations.Our efforts in General Insurance have been focused on fostering a culture of underwriting excellence, outlining a consistent risk framework and reducing risk and volatility in our portfolio. Peter and the team in GI are executing with focused urgency that is impressive and the marketplace has taken notice. You're beginning to see the significant efforts pay off in our results with the third quarter performance in GI yielding remarkable improvement over prior years. I am particularly pleased that the GI reinsurance strategy played out as designed dramatically reducing volatility in CAT season and preserving capital.We've been leading the market with our professional approach to judiciously deploying capacity, appropriately addressing laws cost inflation, and continued underwriting discipline on our pricing models. These actions are playing out against an industry backdrop of prolonged pressures on accident year loss ratios, laws costs inflation, significant catastrophes over multiple years pressuring the property loss, a lower interest rate environment, a complex retro market and a fatigue alternative capital market.This market dynamic is different from the past because we now see the industry as a whole is acting more rationally and this combination of change behavior and external forces reaffirms my belief that this market cycle is sustainable for the foreseeable future.One example where AIG has taken a leadership position in the industry is the way we tackle the increasing industry wide issue in cyber insurance. Companies are more focused on the severity of losses, increased systemic risk of more stringent regulatory environment, and ransom demands that are dramatically escalating. In September, we formally announced our affirmative cyber initiative, and it provided clarity for the market on how cyber coverage should be addressed and mitigated ambiguity that existed.Turning to our third quarter financial results as you saw on our press release this morning, adjusted return on common equity for the third quarter was 4.1% and 8.6% year to date. Adjusted after tax income was $505 million or $0.56 per share for the third quarter compared to an adjusted after tax loss of $301 million or $0.34 per share in the prior year quarter.Year-to-date 2019 adjusted after tax income was $3.57 per share, reflecting a $1.80 per share improvement over the first nine months of 2018. General Insurance delivered a third consecutive quarter of adjusted accident quarter underwriting profit. The adjusted accident in quarter combined ratio excluding cash was 95.9% and we remain on track to deliver an adjusted underwriting profit for the full year.In addition, last week, GI announced the new syndicate at Lloyd's, serving the 50 billion specialists U.S. high net worth market. Lloyd's has undertaken a comprehensive plan to regain its preeminent position on the marketplace. We've been actively seeking opportunities to be part of that effort, first with our acquisition of VALIDUS, which included Talbot, a respected Lloyd's platform and now with this further partnership. Peter will give you more detail of the great progress we are making in General Insurance, as we position that business for the future.Turning to Life and Retirement we continue to produce solid results in the third quarter with adjusted pretax income of $646 million and adjusted return on equity of 10.1% including the impact of the annual assumptions review. The adjusted return on equity was 12.5% if you exclude the impact from the actual review process. Despite continued headwinds from sustain low interest rates, we remain optimistic about our ability to deliver return on common equity in the low to mid teens for the year given the strength of our diversified product portfolio, and broad distribution network. Kevin will provide additional information on the work he and his team are undertaking in Life and Retirement.Net investment income was $3.4 billion for the quarter and $11 billion for the first nine months, which is ahead of our original expectations. Our year-to-date performance is due largely to strong alternative returns. Mark will provide more detail on this and our overall financials.Finally, I wanted to touch on AIG 200 our multi-year enterprise wide program to improve our core processes and infrastructure. We have four core objectives for AIG 200, which are achieving underwriting excellence, modernizing our operating infrastructure, enhancing user and customer experiences, and becoming a more unified company.This work is absolutely critical if AIG is to become a top performing company, and we are carefully prioritizing areas for investment and transformation. We will provide estimated levels on investment charges and savings for 2020 on our fourth quarter earnings call. Peter as the executive leading this important initiative will elaborate further on the progress we've made through the third quarter.Our ability to tackle transformational projects are supported by our strong balance sheet. We are focused on maintaining financial flexibility while reducing our leverage and reinvesting in our businesses. Looking to the remainder of the year and into 2020, we were confident in our ability to achieve our goals for 2019 and continue to believe that the momentum we have generated will enable us to deliver a double digit ROCE by the end of 2021. We still have a lot of work ahead of us and I'm very pleased with the progress we're making across the organization. Remain confident that AIG is well on its way to being a leading, global insurance company.With that, I'll turn it over to Pete.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone.Today, I will provide an update on the General Insurance, third quarter financial performance, the turnaround that we are executing in key business units, along with our observations on the current rate environment. I will discuss the recently announced new Lloyd's syndicate serving the U.S. high network market. And finally, I will close with comments on AIG 200.The General Insurance, third quarter results reflects steady progress towards our goal of achieving sustained underwriting profitability. We continue to execute on the bold strategic moves we identified as critical to reposition our global portfolio, which include disciplined underwriting and reinsurance strategies, a clear focus on operational excellence and investing in talent for the future.We continue to significantly reduce volatility through improved risk selection, aggressive limit management, and align our businesses with our redefined underwriting strategy. We're achieving better rate adequacy; and in many cases, are leading the market.As we expected, it will take time for these actions to fully earn through our reported results. But I'm very pleased with our improving financial performance.Turning to our results, the third quarter adjusted accident quarter combined ratio was 95.9%, a 350 basis point improvement year-over-year, including a 210 basis point improvement in the adjusted accident quarter loss ratio, and 140 basis point improvement in the expense ratio.In North America, the adjusted accident quarter loss ratio was 69.5%, a 30-basis point improvement year-over-year. Our financial performance in the third quarter reflected the favorable impact of changes to our business mix, which was achieved through reductions in higher loss ratio businesses, strong results from glad Glatfelter, improved rate adequacy across a number of lines, lower frequency of property attritional losses across retail, wholesale and western world, and the benefit of treaty and facultative reinsurance.These positive drivers were largely offset by our Crop and Specialty businesses. Crop, negatively impacted North America's adjusted accident quarter loss ratio by approximately 100 basis points. Significant spring flooding in the Midwest, affected many of our insured farmers, which drove a higher volume of prevented-planting claims.As a result, we increased our 2019 loss ratios despite remaining uncertainty regarding the ultimate profitability of this crop season.We experienced higher losses in the Marine, Aviation and Energy, which negatively impacted North America's adjusted accident quarter loss ratio by approximately 250 basis points. We continue to take actions to improve performance in U.S. Specialty lines through enhanced risk selection, rate improvement strategies and reinsurance.Despite these headwinds in North America, on a global basis, our Specialty business performed very well, with international seeing lower expected loss. North America, Personal Insurance performed as expected with 110 basis point improvement in the adjusted accident quarter loss ratio, and 100 basis point improvement in the adjusted accident quarter combined ratio.Overall, I'm very pleased with North America's core performance, and believe the trends we're seeing demonstrate a higher quality, better price and more balanced portfolio that is improving each quarter.Moving to International. The adjusted accident quarter loss ratio was 53.9%. A 430-basis point improvement year-over-year. In the International Commercial, we had fewer severe and attritional losses that were below trend, particularly in Specialty and Talbot, a Lloyd's syndicate.Additionally, re-underwriting efforts in property within the U.K. and Europe are beginning to earn into our reported financials. The International Personal Insurance adjusted accident quarter loss ratio improved 290 basis points, as we continue to see a favorable trend in Japan Personal Auto.The third quarter expense ratio for General Insurance of 34.4%, was in line with our expectations, and reflects our sustained diligence around expense control. The third quarter of 2019 was an active CAT quarter. Total net CAT losses were $497 million compared to $1.6 billion in the third quarter of 2018, and $3 billion in the third quarter of 2017.There were nine events in the quarter, six of which occurred in North America and three occurred in Japan. Our net CAT ratio in the third quarter with 7.5%, with 2.9% attributable to events in North America, 3.5% attributable to Japan, and 1.1% attributable to Validus Re.Net CAT losses from events in North America were $203 million. Hurricane Dorian was a single largest driver of net losses at $135 million, of which $10 million was attributable to Validus Re. The five remaining smaller events in North America, range from $10 million to $14 million and net losses per event.Net CAT losses from the Japan events were $294 million, of which $65 million was attributable to Validus Re. Typhoon Faxai, the strongest typhoon to hit the Kant region since 2004, was the main driver of these losses.I want to provide an overview of our business in Japan, given our significant market presence and the actions we have taken to address our CAT exposure. Japan is AIG's largest market outside the United States. It represents approximately $5.1 billion in gross premiums written, with 82% in personal lines and 18% in commercial lines. AIG is the largest foreign owned General Insurance Company in Japan, with an average market share of 6% and the region is most impacted by recent CAT events.As I said in the past, as part of our strategy to contain volatility and manage CAT within our risk appetite site, we enhance our reinsurance coverage in Japan to reduce net retention and protect against tail events.When we restructured our worldwide CAT program for 2019, this included moving to a single occurrence tower for Japan, with a model expected to cash in point of the 1 in 7-year event.This dedicated occurrence protection exhausts at the model 1 in 69-year event. We have additional protection from our global CAT cover, that provides protection in excess of the 1 in 500-year event.Additionally, we also purchased international annual aggregate protection, which attaches at 1 in 10 year event for losses outside of North America, with approximately 80% of the model expected loss is coming from Japan.Overall, Japan has been a profitable business with an average historical adjusted accident year loss ratio of approximately 50%, and its prospects for improved profitability are very strong. With respect to the recent CAT events in Japan, it is still early days from typhoon Faxai. And as a result, industry loss estimates from the modeling firm stand at broad range of between $3 billion and $9 billion.Typhoon Hagibis, a fourth quarter event, is also expected to be sizable with AIR's early industry loss estimate currently at $8 billion to $16 billion. To the put the recent CAT activity in Japan perspective, there have been 12 designated catastrophic tropical storms since 1984. Four of which occurred in the last two years. 2018 and 2019 will be the two largest years for insured losses from tropical storm events in the last 40-years.However, irrespective of the eventual size of these industry losses, AIG's expected maximum retained net loss is limited due to the benefit of both the occurrence reinsurance and the International CAT annual aggregate protection.Based on our current estimation of year-to-date CAT losses in International, and excluding Validus Re, our net loss before reinstatement premium arising from this event is estimated at no more than approximately $75 million.We have significant additional covers in place to protect against further fourth quarter CAT activity in our international business, including Japan. And taking Hagibis into account, our maximum retention on any one loss is now $20 million before any additional reinstatement premiums for the remainder of the year.With respect to Validus Re, we have an aggregate retro in place. Given the wide range of model loss estimates, it's too early to provide a net CAT loss estimate from typhoon Hagibis. However, we expect the retro aggregate to attach with another 155 million in CAT losses.As I've done in past calls, I'd like to highlight a few businesses that exemplify the work we're doing to reduce risk, reposition our portfolio and establish AIG as a market leader. I recognize that I've mentioned Lexington often, but the magnitude of the turnaround in this business over the past year is powerful and worthy of another update.In Casualty, submission volume increased 62% in the third quarter, and we were successful in further diversifying in the middle market while reducing total limit by 58% and improving rates by 31%.In Property, submission volume increased 47%, while we reduced total limits by 74% and increase our overall proportion of excess policies from 11% at the end of 2018 to 25% on a 2019 year-to-date basis.In addition, we increased deductibles by 18%, continued to improve terms and conditions and achieve third quarter renewal rate increases of 15%, which we expect will continue to increase particularly due to the recent global CAT activity.Turning to North America retail property, we continue to reduce aggregates and exposure to certain classes, increase deductibles and achieve meaningful rate increases. We reduce total gross limits by over $20 billion or 37% of the third quarter and over $80 billion or 49% year-to-date.Average deductibles increased by 27% in the quarter and 30% year-to-date. These significant underwriting actions are reducing volatility, improving attritional loss exposure and significantly reducing cat exposure.Multi-year agreements represented approximately 30% of the retail property portfolio at the end of the third quarter. These agreements will be approximately 20% of the portfolio by the end of 2019. And we'll trend lower during 2020 as we will drive additional momentum in our reunderwriting efforts.In the third quarter, we saw North America retail property rate increases accelerate as there was broader pullback in market capacity, and discipline underwriting was more prevalent. The portfolio yielded high teen rate increases and achieved mid 20s rate increases when you exclude the impact of long-term agreements. We expect to continue to see rate increases through the remainder of the year and then to 2020.In North America, financial lines we accelerated remediation of challenge segments, and in the quarter we achieve rate increases exceeding 30% across commercial D&O led by increases exceeding 35% in public D&O. At the same time, we reduce primary commercial D&O aggregate limits by over 40% compared to a 30% reduction the second quarter, and we reduced primary commercial D&O policies with limits greater than 10 million in lead layers high over 40%.While we've done significant work to reunderwrite our global portfolio we're also focused on investing and attractive growth opportunities such as accident and health. A&H represents more than 3 billion in gross premiums creams written and is one of our best performing businesses. We believe A&H will be a strong engine of future profitable growth because global demographic trends and demand for A&H products match up well with our product offerings and global footprint.Now I'd like to comment briefly on the overall rate environment and some broader market observations. We continue to see meaningful rate increases across the board in the third quarter a trend that is accelerated throughout the year. In some lines rate improvement has been at the highest level in over a decade. The overall third quarter rate improvement for general insurance excluding Validus and Glatfelter was in the high single to low double-digits.North America commercial rates increasing in the low double-digits compared to a high single-digit rate increase in the second quarter. International commercial rates increased in the low to mid single-digits on average across all geographies, consistent with the second quarter.Outside the specific businesses I highlighted earlier in North America were seeing meaningful rate increases in the mid 20% range in admitted excess casualty and energy and international rate increases continue to accelerate in the UK, driven by approximately 20 points of improvement in D&O over 30 points improvement in marine and low double-digit improvements in energy.These increases are being driven by proactively addressing loss cost trend inflation, as well as our unique position as a primary lead market across the commercial insurance landscape. As we've noted on prior calls, loss trends due toward environment and social inflation continue to be key areas of focus for us. We recognize this growing trend a while ago and we continue to monitor the changing landscape and respond to risks as they evolve.Given recent news reports about settlement activity, I want to touch on developments concerning litigation related to opioids, which has been filed primarily by state and local governments against manufacturers, distributors, and retailers. While it's too early to predict or quantify the outcome of all the litigation, or the insurance that may apply, we've been very closely tracking these developments so that we can address these complicated risks appropriately as they continue to evolve.As Brian noted, we recently announced the plan to launch an innovative syndicate Lloyds focused on the U.S. high network portfolio. We expect this syndicate will support new and renewing business starting in the first quarter of 2020. The specialist syndicate, syndicate 2019 is expected to be Lloyd's largest ever single new engine premium of up to $1 billion. Lloyds unique capital structure provides us with increased flexibility and efficiency, and enables us to attract new and diverse long-term capital partners to support profitable growth where opportunities exist.Before turning the call over to Kevin, I'd like to make a few comments on AIG 200. As Brian noted, AIG 200 is our global multi-year effort to reposition AIG as a top performing company. We're focusing on programs that involve transformational change to our infrastructure and underwriting operations, as well as developing a new data architecture, all of which will be designed to achieve best-in-class operations that deliver value to scale and simplification.While AIG 200 primary purpose is not cost cutting, we do expect to achieve a reduced expense base over time, and more importantly, a much better experience for our distribution partners, clients, policyholders and colleagues. AIG 200 reflects our commitment to continuous improvement as we pursue operational excellence and fortify our competitive position. We're very pleased with the high level of engagement from colleagues across the company who are committed to shaping the future of AIG.Now, I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, Peter and good morning everyone.Life and Retirement recorded adjusted pretax income of 646 million for the quarter and adjusted return on attributed common equity of 10.1%. Excluding the annual actuarial assumption update, the adjusted pretax income was 789 million and adjusted return on attributed common equity was 12.5% within our expectations. Adjusted pretax income decreased by 67 million from the prior year quarter.The primary drivers of the difference was the annual actuarial assumption update, which accounted for 45 million of the decrease and elevated mortality. These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by the lower interest rate environment driving increased call and tender income and higher returns on fair value options securities, as well as other net investment income adjustments.There was nothing in our assumption review or mortality experience has suggested a change in the inherent profitability of our products, nor a need to change our pricing strategy. Also it's worth noting that from a pretax income perspective, the overall impact from the assumption update was positive 20 million.Year-to-date, our adjusted pretax income was 2.6 billion and adjusted return on attributed common equity was 14%. We are pleased with our results to date, but recognize the challenges and headwinds below interest rate environment presents, along with the potential for increased volatility in equity markets, given global trade and geopolitical concerns. Declining equity markets would among other things, negatively impact fees as well as deferred acquisition costs amortization.Declining interest rates would typically result in higher returns on fair value options securities although the impact on net investment income could be uneven, and would depend on the timing and degree of interest rate movement. At interest rate levels as of the end of the third quarter, our current expectation is for base net spreads to decline by approximately one to three basis points per quarter through the end of next year.Finally, from a statutory perspective, we expect to continue to generate solid earnings before our year end 2019 risk based capital levels to be higher than our strong year end 2018 levels. Our topline results continue to reflect our ongoing strategy to leverage our broad product portfolio and diversified distribution network to satisfy customer needs.During the quarter, we grew indexed annuity sales and individual retirement and executed opportunistic transactions in institutional markets. We expect lower levels of sales for certain product lines in the fourth quarter, due to lower interest rates and the uncertain environment. We will remain disciplined with respect to product pricing and features and continue to deploy capital to available attractive new business opportunities.For individual retirement, premiums and deposits increased slightly due to growth and indexed annuity sales. Although fixed annuity sales were basically flat from the prior year quarter, they have declined significantly from first quarter levels. We expect lower sales of fixed annuities in the prevailing interest rate environment. We achieved positive net flows excluding retail mutual funds, which is a comparatively small part of our earnings.Total assets under administration increased driven by strong equity market performance and growth of annuity deposits during the first half of the year. For Group retirement premiums deposits were lower than the prior year quarter driven by a decrease in individual product sales related to lower crediting rates. Net flows improved from the prior year quarter due to lower group surrender activity but still remain negative.Although the timing of group acquisitions and individual contributions will result in quarter-over-quarter variances in deposits, we expect surrenders and other withdrawals to continue to drive negative net flows.It is also important to note that the financial impact of outflows will vary based on product characteristics. Despite facing negative net flows for a period of time, we've continued to produce solid earnings for this business, as assets under administration have continued to grow.For our Life Insurance business, total premiums and deposits increased to the international sales. Our U.S. life sales declined as we deemphasize guaranteed universal life sales in the current interest rate, environment and index universal life sales remain under pressure while mortality was elevated during the quarter, it should be viewed in the context of generally favorable mortality trends we have seen over the last two years.For institutional markets, premiums and deposits increased due to a large GIC issuance and select transactions in our pension risk transfer business. We have continued to opportunistically grow our asset base, and our institutional markets business continues to be well positioned to capitalize on available growth while remaining focused on achieving targeted returns.Across our businesses, we are continuing to invest as needed to prepare for the evolving regulatory and accounting landscape, including the SECs regulation best interest, New York State's Regulation 187, NAICs variable annuity framework and FASB LDTI among others. We will take the opportunity to leverage these ongoing investments to further improve our efficiency and competitive position.The close, we remain committed to our ongoing strategy to leverage our broad product expertise and distribution footprint to deploy capital to the most attractive opportunities, which we believe positions us well to help meet growing needs for protection, retirement savings, and lifetime income solutions.Now I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Kevin and good morning all.AIG's adjusted after tax earnings per share $0.56 for the quarter, compared to a negative $0.34 per share in the corresponding quarter of 2018 representing a $0.90 per share improvement. Adjusted book value per share, which excludes AOCI and the DTA increased 1.2% sequentially from second quarter and increased 4.8% relative to year-end 2018.As Brian mentioned, adjusted return on equity was an annualized 4.1% for the quarter and 8.6% on a nine-month year-to-date annualized basis. Keeping that theme, the individual segments achieved the following annualize nine-months year-to-date returns on attributed equity. General Insurance 9.5%, Life and Retirement 14%, and Legacy of 4.6%.Net investment income or NII in the third quarter was nearly $3.5 billion on the adjusted pretax income basis at $3.4 billion on a GAAP basis. This was nearly identical to the third quarter of 2018 on both an adjusted and GAAP basis, and sequentially was $260 million lower on an adjusted pretax income basis, and $337 million lower on a GAAP basis.This quarter investment income from all fixed income securities was virtually identical to that of the third quarter of 2018, whereas returns from the hedge fund and private equity composites is down materially to an annualized 4.6% versus the previous six months year-to-date return of approximately 17.6%.Turning to General Insurance, Brian and Peter commented on the accident quarter results, so contrastingly the calendar quarter combined ratio of 103.7% reflects 7.5 points of CAT losses as Peter pointed out with Japan representing approximately 60% of the global CAT losses.The combination of gross line re-underwriting together with our improved reinsurance program has resulted in a material reduction in General Insurance net CAT ratios from 45.5% of premium in the third quarter of 2017 to 22% even in the third quarter of 2018 to the 7.5% this quarter, an 84% reduction over a two year period.Additionally, the prior period development ratio was negligible for the quarter net of ADC recoveries and ADC amortization. Broadly speaking, calendar quarter underwriting gain was nearly $1.5 billion higher than the third quarter of 2018 with North America contributing $802 million of underwriting gain improvement and the international operations providing $675 million of underwriting gain improvement.Also both commercial and personal lines improved their accident quarter underwriting margins third quarter over third quarter. It's also informative to comment on the General Insurance performance on a year-to-date nine months basis versus the first nine months of 2018. And on that basis, the year-to-date current accident year combined ratio excluding CATs improved 390 basis points with the loss ratio contribution being a 240 basis point improvement, another 200 basis point improvement from the GOE ratio with a partial offset of a marginal 50 basis point increase through the acquisition ratio.As respect to volume, year-to-date reported net or premiums are nearly flat with last year on a U.S. dollar basis but the continued success with the improved gross underwriting strategy together with the increasing seeded earned premium from reinsurance previous place, are expected to reduce the fourth quarter net earned premium by approximately 5% sequentially bringing the additional reinsurance purchases.Now, I want to take the opportunity to reinforce the magnitude of the portfolio reshaping that Peter outlined in his prepared remarks. This level of change is unprecedented in my 42 years in this business, but there are nuances however, that should not go unnoticed.For example, reducing Lexington causality total limits by an impressive 58% in the quarter, while simultaneously increasing or achieving an average rate increase in excess of 30% is only part of the story. The 62% increase in submission volume signals the igniting of the wholesale distribution channel along with its emphasis on smaller accounts that have more localized exposures and lower capacity needs. The result in spectrum of risk quality has also broadened thereby improving overall rate adequacy as well.Peter also commented on General Insurance's achieved rate increases for the quarter and helping to put the trajectory of those rate increases in context two lines will be highlighted. First U.S. Directors and Officers liability or D&O combining primary and excess coverages accelerated between the fourth quarter of 2018 and the third quarter of 2019 inclusive as follows; 9% increase in the fourth quarter of 2018, 11% in the first quarter 2019, 17% in the second quarter of 2019, and then 28% this quarter.Secondly, Lexington's casualty business rate increases were similarly increasing as follows; 6% in the fourth quarter of 2018 increasing to 8% in the first quarter of 2019, 20% in 20 - in the next quarter and then 31% this quarter.Furthermore, we were extremely pleased that our leadership position is driving rate extended even further beyond the United States with Canada achieving a 9% weighted overall increase, the U.K. with a 10% increase and continental Europe achieving 6% in the quarter.Turning to prior year development, although actual versus expected loss emergence was reviewed and incorporated globally, the major areas receiving deeper reserve dives this quarter, were in decreasing order of reserve size, U.S. primary workers compensation, U.K. and Europe casualty lines, U.K. and Europe financial lines, U.S. commercial property, and U.S. financial lines errors and omission for E&O disclosures.The negligible prior periods development referenced earlier benefited from $58 million of favorable impact from the ADC amortization of the deferred gain and therefore adjusting through this the development was unfavorable by $55 million.Unpacking this further, the pre-ADC prior period development before any ADC recoveries was favorable by $74 million. This potentially counter-intuitive results stands from the sliding by accident year, $226 million of net favorable development emanated from accident years 2015 and prior at approximately $152 million of net unfavorable development coming from accident year's 2016 through 2018.The accident year 2015 and prior net favorable development emanated primarily from U.S. worker's compensation, whereas accident year 2016 through 2018 net unfavorable developments stand primarily from U.S. financial E&O lines, the U.K. European casualties in financial lines with a partial offset of a favorable development from European property in specialty and European and Japan personal lines.Digging further, approximately one-third of this aggregate $152 million of net uncharitable development for accident year 2016 to 2018 stems from an isolated impact of one large long-term agreement affecting all three accident years. Approximately another third was centered in the U.S. architects and engineers book on both the primary and excess basis and we reacted to this due to an increased frequency of moderate severity claims so as to reflect negative trends more quickly than positive trends.The remaining one-third were collected various U.K. and European impact in casualty and financial lines driven by a smattering of loss claims such as in French and Italian motor business and Irish's employers liability.Overall though, the pre and post ADC prior period development represents approximately one-tenth of 1% of carried reserves. As for accident year 2019 implications of the net on favorable development, we don't see any carry forward issues with the one long-term agreement, whereas the U.S. architects and engineers was deemed to have a minor roll forward impact, as well as some of the European indication.As a result, these deep dives, which year-to-date, represents 65% of total loss reserves, saw 0.5 point loss ratio increase to action year 2019, which reflected about 0.2 points for the current action quarter with another 0.3 points of catch up, for the first two quarters of 2019. This was virtually offset by the earned impact of stronger rating versus being achieved on the subject lines of business and anticipated within the original 2019 budgeted loss ratio.Turning to the Life and Retirement segment, the annualized nine month return on attributed common equity of 14% would be unchanged after adjusting for both the actuarial assumption impact and the removal of a large beneficial IPO gain discussed last quarter, so they virtually negated each other.It's also informative to note that on a nine-month year-to-date basis, the adjusted after-tax income is nearly identical at $2 billion even compared to 2018. Net spreads on the variable and indexed annuity composite were up marginally from last quarter, and so fixed annuities were virtually flat with the sequential quarter.Surrender rates on a year-to-date basis were flat for the variable and indexed annuity composites, and slightly better for fixed annuities within Individual Retirement, and 70 basis points better for Group Retirement.Life Insurance experienced moderately increased mortality relative to the first half of the year, with overall lapse rates fairly consistent with a year ago. And institutional markets had roughly $350 million of pensioners risk transfer deals and also have roughly $375 million in debt issuance as Kevin noted. Lastly, assets under administration increased 1.1% sequentially, and grew 10.4% since year end 2018.Turning to Legacy. Adjusted pre-tax income was down slightly to $93 million on a sequential basis, but up from $84 million in the third quarter of 2018. Like Life and Retirement, Legacy's results reflected an adverse impact to the annual actuarial assumption update of $30 million. Legacy net investment income on a year-to-date basis was flat with 2018 at $1.8 billion. And the annualized return for the quarter was 4.4%.As respect tax, the estimated effective tax rate was 22.6% for the year, applicable to adjusted pre-tax income, and was 25.3% for the quarter, inclusive of discrete items. As you know, the effective tax rate is updated each quarter using actual year-to-date results, and then supplemented by the forecast of the remaining quarter.As always, the tax rate is heavily influenced each quarter by the geographic distribution of income by tax jurisdiction. We did not repurchase any shares in the third quarter, so our Board authorization remains at $2 billion.And moving to leverage, as compared to year end 2018, our total debt and preferred's to total capital ratio has now improved to 26.1% this quarter, which represents a 320 basis point improvement relative to year end.We also had a bond trunk redemption of $1 billion in mid-July, that had been prefunded by our March 2019 debt raises. This debt overlapped at the end of the second quarter, plus growth in earnings flow and leverage ratio improvement to 26.1%.Adjusted book value per share, increased 4.8% from year end 2018 and GAAP book value per share increased 15.1% since year end 2018, benefiting from approximately $7 billion of year-to-date AOCI gains.And with that, I'll turn it back over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Mark. So let's go to the questions-and-answers. Operator, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: I guess I'd like to focus in on the underlying combined ratios improvement. And is there any sense of how we can think about the magnitude as we look respectively into - not necessarily next quarter, but prospectively, obviously there was sort of a big bang this year with - from certainly pretty serious changes in reinsurance. But how does that rule forward look into 2020?
Mark Lyons: Well, clearly, you have a lot of things going on at the same time, which I understand makes it somewhat difficult to try to penetrate. You have all the gross changes that Peter has itemized, which are fairly massive.You have an increasing accelerated rate change on a written basis that will earn in to 2020. And you have some level of loss trend that the industry's discussing, that could perhaps go a little bit the other way.So without getting into chapter or verse, I think it's fair to say there'll be some level of improvement into 2020. But the magnitude is, let alone the reinsurance purchases, which affect your mix of business, really all need to come to bear. So at this point, I'd say that is good. You should think about improvement, but I'm not prepared to get into magnitude.
Brian Duperreault: Peter?
Peter Zaffino: Brian, there's one thing I would just add to agree with everything Mark just outlined. But the other piece of that, we've been designing reinsurance structures that reflects the portfolio that we have. And so with all the massive changes that we've seen in the property book, I mean, that's what we're assessing over the next, call it, 45-days in terms of putting together some of the reinsurance structures that reflect the risk of the portfolio today. So that that will evolve as we enter into 1-1
Brian Duperreault: Yes, you know, the other thing I'd say, Paul is, I've given you a data point, which is our expectation for return on equity; which by the end of 2021, we want to get over 10%. So, in order for that to happen, clearly the GI, big portion of it has to continue to improve.And I think that gives some indication of what we think is going to happen. A lot of the work that gets done is in rate, underwriting, et cetera. But it also is the expense levels that GI has, and those expense levels are high. We have to get to those as well.So, yes, we'd love to be a little clear on that. But all I would say to you is we're committed to continuous improvement in the combined ratios to get it to what should be world class levels. That's going to take some time, but we're committed to doing it over multiple years.
Paul Newsome: I was just going to ask on the Life side, any thoughts or comments on the SEC investigation that's obviously very topical to investors?
Brian Duperreault: I think you can appreciate that we just were not able to go into any detail about ongoing regulatory inquiries beyond what you would read in our 10-Q disclosure. That document is going to be on file soon. So I just want to point you to that for the additional information.Okay, next question, please?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: I'll just ask two quick ones. Given the increase in specialty losses in North American commercial this quarter occurred while you've been growing top line pretty well; are you comfortable, you've been growing that line profitably? That's my first question.And then Peter, your comments on the Hagibis losses for 4Q, I just want to make sure I have the numbers right. I was getting AIG's net retention being a maximum of around $75 million, and Validus max of $155 million. Is that a good way to think about 4Q, based on what you know today?
Brian Duperreault: Yes, let's do it backwards. Let's do the Hagibis first.
Peter Zaffino: Yes, correct. I mean, the maximum  the first part, I just want to clarify the Validus Re. The first part is that because of the per occurrence and the way the international aggregate and our global aggregate works, that the maximum we would have on Hagibis is $75 million, assuming the forecast we've had for Faxai and others, end up having the gross loss that we anticipate.So I think that $75 million is a very good number. What I said in terms of the Validus is that their retro would attach with another $155 million, or thereabouts, of retro loss. So you should think about, as it goes above $155 million, we have significant retro protection in place.
Brian Duperreault: Yes, on the specialty, let me start. But I think Peter needs to give you the most clarity on it. The first thing we said was, North American specialty was higher. The International was lower. Net-net was actually pretty good. But it just happens to be the geographies here. And frankly, we managed that business on a global basis. We think of it as a truly global line. You're writing aviation across the world.I'm not sure it's fair to classify it as something we've been growing dramatically. And maybe Peter, you could give a little bit more color on it.
Peter Zaffino: No, I think you really outlined it well, Brian. I think the only other thing is we've been getting rate in the specialty classes. When we look at global performance in the quarter, we were very pleased. Then when we look at the global performance what we seen here year-to-date, it's been a very strong performer and expected to continue to have, good performance in the future. So like what I said in the prepared remarks is that we're looking at, limit management, our driving rate and how were underwriting it. But overall, it's a very good book.
Brian Duperreault: You wanted to add.
Kevin Hogan: Just one thing if I could on Peters, I think good explanation to your question about the maximum. Just keep in mind that the 75 million as he outlined it, in a likelihood sense is more likely than Validus additive number as a collection of seating companies its different attachment points and thats remains to be seen. I wouldn't take those two as additive necessarily.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joshua Shanker: Yes thank you for taking my questions. I'll be quick, there is sort of similar on life one P&C. On the P&C, the improvement in commercial is outstanding when you take the medium and large loss in the crop numbers out of it. I'm just wondering with the new orientation of the book, is there seasonality in the accident year loss ratio in North American commercial that 3Q would be better than other quarters?
Brian Duperreault: Well look at accident quarters are so little small that the volatility of a single accident quarter, I think would, exceed any kind of seasonality. I suppose you could come up with some in property where with wind activities and things like you could have a seasonal movement. But I just think you can't look at this an accident quarter as something that's very, very predictable. There's a lot of volatility in a particular quarter that's why we report it because we have to I really point to the nine months as a better indication of movement.
Joshua Shanker: And then I'm life, Kevin said that the mortality in the life business should be viewed in the context that you've had very good mortality for the last couple of years. Does that mean that that life has been over earning just that one sub segment and we should consider that in our forward model?
Brian Duperreault: Well, Kevin?
Kevin Hogan: Yeah thanks, Josh. No, I think that the underlying message is, is that the third quarter was an anomaly. We have seen, our mortality well within pricing, in fact that for eight of the last 10 quarters within pricing. And so the message is, is that we don't see this quarter as a suggestion that our ongoing trend for mortality is likely to change.
Operator: Going next to Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: One quick clarification number and then another one. Peter, I think you said that the events going forward now we're going to have $20 million retention. So either the California fire is going on right now, if they get big or small whatever, it shouldn't be that big of an issue?
Peter Zaffino: What I was referring to was 20 is after Hagibis, that's our maximum retention in our international business.
Brian Meredith: International got you.
Peter Zaffino: Yes, I mean Brian, in terms of North America, we still have significant cover. I mean, we have, you know, some buy downs at are California specific that attach at 50 million. We have a lot of occurrence cover, and we have a lot of aggregate. So I mean, it's really hard to predict in terms of North America with the wildfires, but we have ample protection. And, we'll see how it all evolves.
Brian Meredith: And then my next question is there's been a lot of discussion this quarter about the total inflation environment, particularly with respect to general liability lines. I'm just curious - give your perspective on it as well as what are the severity assumptions that you're assuming in your loss picks and your kind of preserving actions today?
Brian Duperreault: I think Mark that probably more yours.
Mark Lyons: Yes, happy to thanks hello Brian thanks for the questions.
Brian Meredith: Hi.
Mark Lyons: I think as we mentioned last quarter, we have I think, some pretty steep loss trend to our premium assumptions - a lot the lines of business subject to what youre concerned about. Some of them in the mid to upper single-digit trends already. So that's already been kind of baked in and how we look at things translates into pricing models, so forth and so on. I think on even a broader basis, I mean, our view of those last trends is based upon a lot of our own information.And how that's moved over time between actually years, and when you kind of think about the overlay of the macroeconomic environment with everything Peter described, about moving up, and attachment points, chopping the limits dramatically. I tend to look upon a portfolio basis of all that reshaping becoming a natural inflation hedge irrespective of whether its economic or social. So I think the book characteristics are very protective in that respect.
Brian Duperreault: Yes, I can emphasize enough thanks Mark, about the - whether it's a deductible or it's an attachment point or it's layering done in some of the excess whether it's D&O or other excesses, all of those things are more powerful than the rate in terms of adjusting for inflation. Next question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a question first just on the lack of buybacks so far this year. So given that you've got the AIG 200 initiative coming up, and I'm assuming you're still interested in acquisition. Should we assume that buybacks are probably going to be fairly light until maybe the leverage ratios improved further. And then I had a question also on just your flows on the Life and Retirement aside, specifically at VALIC they seem pretty weak. And if you could just comment on what's going on there and your outlook?
Brian Duperreault: Okay, Kevin can take the flows. Let me address the buyback so yes we didn't buyback this quarter in my prepared remarks, I emphasized that I want to invest. Well, first of all, we want to do leverage so that's an important thing to keep in mind. And I want to reinvest in the business. Some of that is the AIG 200 still being quantified.And, the other thing to keep in mind is, when you're in a catastrophe quarter you wouldn't normally buyback anyway. And whether it's the third quarter, the fourth quarter we see in the fourth quarter also produce some catastrophes. I just think it would be prudent not to buyback in any case, but the emphasis is on the other aspects of capital management that I refer to. Kevin wants to talk about the flows.
Kevin Hogan: Yes, sure so thanks, Jimmy. So, the situation at VALIC we have been in a negative flow environment over the last couple of years. I think it's a reflection of the fact that, the new case acquisition for a period of time had tailed off. We've seen an improvement in that recently, but this is a natural effect of the ageing of the portfolio.The VALIC has been a leading participant in this business for a long time and as either in plan participants rollout of the plan or as people start to utilize the underlying benefits that they have, that certainly is part of what leads to the outflows.In addition to that, particularly in the healthcare industry, over the last couple of years, there has been a lot of M&A activity. And in cases where plan consolidations occur, in some cases, we're on the winning end of those, in some cases, we're on the losing end of those, and we've reported those sort of large outflows as and when they occur. So, we're continuing to be successful in new plan acquisition.We continue to see strong periodic deposits and non periodic deposits. And we're likely to continue to see some negative flows in this business because of that natural ageing effect in the portfolio. But I think it's also important to recognize that the dollar value of the flows is uneven if they're higher guaranteed minimum interest rate flows that is less of an impact on future earnings then more recent products.And the finally that the assets under management of this portfolio, which is the source of earnings in the business have continued to grow along with the equity market. So we're outpacing the negative flows with growth and assets under management.
Operator: We'll go next to Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, you guys provided a lot of good information on the pricing environment, high single to low double-digit increases, getting a lot of rate in your commercial book. I guess I'm trying to think through the rate versus trend if you could help us think where kind of loss trend is on a composite basis. And then how we could think about I think you guys said half a point of rate versus trend this quarter. How we could think about that building up as when it comes into earn over the course of the next year?
Brian Duperreault: Mark?
Mark Lyons: Well, it's a great question. See if I can give you a great answer you bet. So - first is very generic comment when you get a 12%, that's a North American number a 12% weighted average written rate increase. What is your loss trends assumption is four, six or eight? Yeah you're getting expansion, and I'm picking those out just illustratively. So, we don't really get into what our weighted average is across the board it really does vary by quarter with the massive changes Peter described.But we're viewing that as a beneficial 2020 benefit. And because the way things go in, it's going to be more second half, associated with the rate of increases of the rate changes. So, it's expansion, on a gross basis, but you're looking at our results on a net basis, and that interaction between it, is very difficult to measure and probably from new law and the outside looking in even more so. But I'll just keep it at least that you should expect expansion.
Brian Duperreault: Okay.
Elyse Greenspan: And then my second question on kind of ties back to the comment you made about gross versus net. You guys have been buying a lot of, you know, changing your re-insurance strategies in addition to re-underwriting the whole book. As we think about 2020 - there is still big reinsurance projects or something that you have in mind or should we think about kind of a stable-ish retention year-over-year meaning, we could start seeing on some expansion on the net premiums line?
Brian Duperreault: Peter?
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Elyse. So a couple things, one is we will be consistent with making sure that we're looking across the portfolio for reduction of volatility and outsize line size. So there could be segments such as financial lines that we'll look at of doing something perhaps as we enter 2020. And then the most important part is looking at the CAT because we've made so much dramatic change in terms of the gross limit and CAT exposed and the strategic projects that we're doing with Lloyds.So again, there's a lot of moving pieces and the reinsurance, and what we decide to put together for 2020 will reflect the portfolio that we have in force. And so there will be some changes. I can't describe those today because we're in the middle of it and, but we'll be very transparent as we hit the sort of fourth quarter call.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, good. So we've just crossed the hour, but I think we should take only one more question and we will close. So operator, take one more - one last question.
Operator: Our final question will come from Erik Bass with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: Hi, thank you for fitting me in. Can you provide more details on the drivers of your annual assumption review updates and particularly any changes you made to your long-term interest rate assumption. And if there's any impact on go forward earnings from that?
Brian Duperreault: Well, Mark. No, I mean, Kevin is better at this. Go ahead.
Kevin Hogan: Sure, thanks Erik. First let's talk about what we didn't change. We did not change our long-term interest rate, assumption, our assumption - each product has its own parameters - to derive - the final assumptions. But generally we assume a reversion so they mean over 10 years to 3.5% for the 10 year treasury. Now to the rest of the review as we have a strong diversified portfolio between fixed index and variable annuity as well as a life insurance.And each of those lines response to economic changes differently and experience emerges separately. So the overriding situation rates are lower this year, which inevitably results in reduced lapse expectations for the fixed annuities where we write up the DAC and that increases sort of APTI. And then in index one of our newer products, we're just seeing some experience emerged and where we updated, lapse rates.And then in the guaranteed living benefits, as we account for those as an embedded derivative below the line. There were two different effects on that this year. The first was updating, our lapsed model and the second was updating our mortality. And both the fee income as well as the benefit usage goes below the line, which is why you see that economic movement below the line. And then finally, in the life insurance business, there is the effect of interest rates on policyholder behavior, not to similar to fixed annuities.And we've updated some of our premium projection capability and reinsurance calculations. So, net-net I think that these are largely changes associated with what we've seen happen in the market. No dramatic changes relative to the sizes of our reserves. And as I stated in my prepared remarks, we do not see anything that changes our understanding of the inherent profitability of the business nor we need to change our pricing strategy.
Brian Duperreault: Okay Erik.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks, so this is Ryan Tunis. I just had one follow-up on the P&C side for Peter. In your opening statements you touched a little bit about the opioids and how it's still too early. Just hoping you could maybe expand a little bit on what you guys are looking for there and what we should be thinking about in terms of timing of any potential reserve action or anything along those lines.
Brian Duperreault: Well first of all, I think look at reserve action I'd like Mark to talk about them first.
Mark Lyons: Sure well, interestingly AIG over time has been building up mass tort reserves. Not that we really talk about it, but it's a meaningful number, associated with in our aggregate reserve levels across all accident years. When you get into some of these complex coverage issues that you're talking about, it's really difficult to even talk about it because we don't know the theory of liability thats going to come down.You don't know how it's going to be triggered. Therefore you don't know exactly how it may also be play out, but we have a good amount of net mass tort reserves and we still have roughly $6.5 billion in the ADC. So that is still available for this. So we feel - from a reserve standpoint and given what we know today in pretty good shape.
Brian Duperreault: Yes look, I think that's probably is a good conclusion to the opioid question. So let me just thanks Erik let me close by just - and telling everyone how pleased I am with our progress to achieve long-term, sustainable and profitable growth rate AIG. And I want to thank our clients, colleagues, shareholders, industry partners, and other stakeholders for their continued support. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by. Good day and welcome to the AIGs Second Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded.And now, at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Werner: Thank you, Jake, and good morning everyone. Today's remarks may contain forward-looking statements including comments relating to Company performance, strategic priorities, business mix, and market conditions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are based on management's current expectations. Actual performance and events may materially differ. Factors that could cause results to differ include the factors described in our first quarter 2019 Form 10-Q, our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other recent filings made with the SEC. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Additionally, some remarks may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our earnings release, financial supplement, and slide presentation, all of which are available on our website, www.aig.com.This morning, you'll hear prepared remarks from our CEO, Brian Duperreault; our COO and CEO of General Insurance, Peter Zaffino; our CEO of Life and Retirement, Kevin Hogan; and our CFO, Mark Lyons. During the Q&A, we ask that you limit your questions to one and with one follow-up.And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us to review our second quarter results. As we continue to position AIG for long-term sustainable and profitable growth, disciplined execution of our strategy is reflected on our strong performance in the second quarter and first half of 2019.Adjusted return on common equity for the second quarter was 10.4% and 11% year-to-date. Adjusted after-tax income was $1.3 billion or $1.43 a share for the second quarter and $2.7 billion or $3.01 per share year-to-date, nearly $1 per share improvement over the first half of 2018.Throughout the first half of 2019, we remained focused on the foundation work that continues across AIG, particularly in General Insurance, which delivered a second consecutive quarter of profitability with an accident quarter combined ratio including actual CATs of 98.7% or 96.1% as adjusted, Calendar quarter combined ratio was 97.8%.The turnaround in General Insurance which has been led by Peter Zaffino and his team is impressive. AIG is taking a leadership position in its approach to disciplined underwriting and innovative reinsurance strategies and we have strong momentum heading into the second half of 2019. I can confirm that we expect to achieve underwriting profitability for the entire year. Peter will provide more detail in his remarks on the significant progress being made in General Insurance.With respect to premium rate trends, I want to follow up on my comments from the first quarter. Rate increases accelerated in the second quarter, in some cases materially. I've seen a number of market cycles and each one has different characteristics. I would describe this market as one where there was more underwriting discipline and rigor around the deployment of capacity, rather than a major decline in capacity.That discipline seems to be playing out through the pricing models and underwriting processes that are recognizing increased loss cost frequency toward environment and other emerging risks. To me, that means the turn is based on facts, rather than an emotion, and is therefore more sustainable.With respect to AIG, we are seeing strong rate improvement across most of our global portfolio. In addition to industry dynamics, rate increases reflect our comprehensive and disciplined strategy to reposition our businesses as market leaders by refining our risk appetite, significantly reducing gross and that limits [ph] tightening terms and conditions and reducing capacity in certain areas. Peter and Mark will provide more details on rate in their comments.Life and Retirement also had a solid quarter, posting a 17.3% adjusted return on common equity due to continued discipline and execution of its strategy as well as strong private equity returns and favorable market performance. Equity markets remain highly volatile and unpredictable and as a result, we are not changing our 2019 guidance for Life and Retirement of full year adjusted return on common equity in the low to mid-teens. Kevin will provide more additional information on Life and Retirement.Net investment income was $3.7 billion in the second quarter, reflecting strong performance in the equity markets and tightening spreads in the credit markets, as well as a significant gain on private equity investments. Mark will provide more detail on our overall financial results later in the call.Since I arrived at AIG, we have focused on addressing several critical areas, including refining our approach to underwriting, reducing our risk profile, overhauling our reinsurance strategy to reduce volatility, making our General Insurance business profitable and remediating challenged legacy businesses. We have also been working on AIGs strategic positioning in the global insurance marketplace and longer-term priorities that define who we are as a Company and how we create value for our stakeholders.Given the progress we have made, we are now placing greater focus on a multiyear enterprise wide program, which we have branded AIG 200. I've asked Peter in his capacity as Global Chief Operating Officer to lead this effort across all of AIG. AIG 200 will focus on opportunities to improve our core processes and infrastructure. If we were to become a top performing company, we must make transformative and sustainable improvements that will require investment.This work ultimately will lead to a reduced expense base and improved experience for our clients, policyholders and colleagues. Like the foundational work that started in late 2017, we are not taking shortcuts with this program, AIG 200 is critical to our long-term success and we will report on our progress on future calls.With respect to capital management, you will hear from Mark that we did not buy back shares in the second quarter. Our capital plan for the remainder of the year remains focused on reinvesting in our business and reducing our leverage.With that, I'll turn it over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Brian. Good morning everyone Today, I will provide an overview of several highlights in the second quarter. I will provide detail on the financial performance of General Insurance, highlight rate actions which Brian mentioned, provide insight into the progress we're making in our businesses, and the tangible impact of focused and disciplined actions are having that changed the composition of our portfolio. I'll briefly update you on Validus, summarize progress on our reinsurance program, and lastly share some observations as we look towards the second half of 2019.We continue to execute on focused actions across General Insurance that will position our businesses to be leaders in their respective markets. These actions include enhancing the quality of our underwriting and desired risk appetite, evolving our reinsurance program to reflect our improving book of business, and exercising expense discipline in order to provide bandwidth for future investment.We are operationalizing these actions throughout General Insurance by embedding more disciplined end-to-end business processes. I'm very pleased with the demonstrable impact these actions are having on our business results, as evidenced in our improved financial performance in the second quarter, and the first half of the year. I believe this is not only sustainable, but will improve over time.Building on our momentum from the first quarter, we achieved an accident quarter combined ratio including actual CATs of 98.7%, an improvement of 460 basis points year-over-year, and an accident quarter combined ratio as adjusted of 96.1%, an improvement of 490 basis points year-over-year. The calendar quarter combined ratio was 97.8%, an improvement of 350 basis points year-over-year.The accident quarter loss ratio, excluding CATs for the second quarter was 61.3%, a 410-basis point improvement year-over-year, and a 50-basis point sequential improvement from the first quarter 2019. This quarter-over-quarter improvement was a result of the change in business mix and continued reduction in lines where we are not achieving our targeted returns, improved areas of performance, reduced volatility stemming from our underwriting actions and comprehensive and vastly improved property reinsurance program, and improved loss experience in certain areas such as Japan Personal Auto and Commercial Properties.In the second quarter, we experienced net CAT losses of $174 million, which were primarily driven by storms and tornadoes in North America. Overall, our aggregation strategy along with reinsurance continued to reduce our gross and net exposures on a worldwide basis.Net premiums written for the second quarter were $6.6 billion, down approximately 3.7% year-over-year on an FX constant basis. Our net premiums written excluding Validus and Glatfelter has declined almost 15% year-over-year, we've reduced our exposures by greater magnitude and the re-underwriting of our portfolio improved the quality and rate adequacy of our overall book of business.Our focused discipline will continue to improve our combined ratio, which I will expand upon later. The second quarter expense ratio of 34.8% represents an 80-basis point improvement year-over-year, and a 50-basis point increase from the first quarter of 2019. This 50-basis point increase is largely due to the second quarter acquisition expense ratio of 22.2%, which reflects an increase of a 40-basis point sequentially, and 110 basis points higher year-over-year.A significant amount of the year-over-year increase is attributable to a one-time favorable premium adjustment in the second quarter of 2018. The acquisition ratio in the second quarter of 2019 was impacted by improved performance in the travel and warranty businesses, which have lower loss ratios, but higher commissions. The general operating expense ratio was 12.6% in the second quarter, in line with our run rate and expectations, and a 190-basis point improvement from the prior-year.Excluding the impact of acquisitions, general operating expenses on an FX constant basis declined by approximately 18% year-over-year. We continue to execute on our strategy to optimize our portfolio by concentrating on a risk framework and risk appetite that identify areas for growth and remediation and leverage AIGs unique market position.Moving on to rate in the second quarter, as Brian noted, we continue to see meaningful rate increases across our portfolio on average excluding Validus and Glatfelter in the high single-digits compared to a mid-single digit improvement in the first quarter of the year.In North America, excluding Validus and Glatfelter, and in the UK, we obtained high single-digit increases. The strong rate increases in the US were mostly in E&S casualty, commercial property, both retail and wholesale, D&O, energy and excess casualty. In the UK, the accelerated rate increases were led by Marine and Energy and Financial Lines. In our reinsurance business, we obtained mid-single digit rate improvement on a weighted average basis, which I will provide more detail on later.Let me share some specific business highlights from the second quarter where we made material progress. Lexington has undergone extensive repositioning with revised risk appetite and distribution strategy that has resulted in vastly improved submission flow and tighter limits. As a result, we achieved strong rate improvement in the mid-to-high teens in property and casualty.Property submissions were up over 35% year-over-year, and in casualty, the increase was almost 75% since the second quarter of 2018. We strategically targeted reductions in most of our volatile accounts, resulting in a reduction of property limits of over 55% and of casualty limits of over 50%.I'm very pleased with our leadership team, these outcomes reflect the extent of the re-calibration of the business, the pace of change and progress in becoming a leader in the E&S market space.In Financial Lines, we're demonstrating leadership as we aggressively execute on our plan to improve the composition of our portfolio, reduce our gross limits for lead layers and prudently deploy our capital in those lead layers. Rate continues to be very strong and ahead of rising loss costs, which Mark will expand on in his remarks. For example, in primary corporate D&O, we saw a rate increase of over 30% with the policy count retention of approximately 90%.In parallel, we reduced primary commercial D&O aggregate limits by approximately 30% and primary commercial D&O policies with limits greater than $10 million in lead layers by over 45%. In our European Financial Lines portfolio, we reduced public US D&O limits by over 50% with premium increases in the high teens. And in the UK, we reduced public US D&O limits by over 20% in the quarter, and increased premiums by over 20% from the prior year.In North America Property, we continue to execute on our aggressive actions to improve our overall portfolio. This entailed reducing total gross limits by over 60%, increasing average deductible by over 60%, and achieving rate increases of over 20% on a written basis in the quarter.As Brian noted, there has been industry commentary about the evolving tort environment and the expanding impact of social issues and social inflation. These are not new issues and we've been following legislative in case for [ph] developments for some time now, including as they relate to pose and adopt [indiscernible]We're in the business of managing risk and paying claims. AIG is particularly adept at handling very complex claims. Our experienced underwriting actuarial claims professionals have been working together to understand these developments and to appropriately address these emerging complicated and sensitive risks as they mature.Turning to Validus Re, this business had a very good quarter. The main areas of focus were the April 1 Japan renewals and June 1 Florida renewals. Demand was generally flat but capacity tightened due to a combination of factors such as prior hurricane loss development and reduced capacity from the ILS and retrocessional markets resulting in rate increases. Validus continued to show discipline in shaping the portfolio.For example, as I mentioned last quarter, in connection with Japan renewals on April 1, the average rate change in the portfolio was 10%, with rate increases ranging from 15% to 25% for loss impacted CAT layers and flat to 7% for layers not impacted by CATs. For the Florida renewals, our portfolio aggregate reduced by 17% year-over-year, while risk adjusted rates increased by 9% representing a net 3% premium increase relative to expiring Florida renewal [ph]A quick update on our reinsurance program, reinsurance plays a critical role in our overall strategy to manage volatility and we continue to be very pleased with our ongoing accomplishments and strategic position. When combined the advancements we're making on underwriting discipline and the composition of our core portfolio, we see strong progress towards delivering a sustainable, profitable and less volatile underwriting result.In the second quarter, just two additional property treaties that were placed below our CAT program to address specific areas of concentration and repurchasing aggregate retro public for Validus Re. The more meaningful of the two property treaties is a single limit per current cap cover for the Caribbean NOI [ph] The attachment points are $200 million and $100 million for the Caribbean NOI respectively with a single shared limit of $325 million.We also continue to manage our exposures for large individual property risks. In addition to gross limits management, we purchased facultative automatic reinsurance on some of the higher asset risks in the portfolio, providing additional volatility containment.As we move into the second half of 2019 and into peak hurricane season, we now have comprehensive currency and aggregate protection in place and we will continue to further enhance, refine and evolve our reinsurance program as our gross underwriting improvement begins to earn into future quarters. I look forward to updating you on our next call.Turning to talent in General Insurance, we continue to focus on building and retaining a best-in-class team, we strengthened our underwriting leadership team in the second quarter, added new talent to our reinsurance organization, expanded our operational capabilities that linked to the rest of the organization, and overall, continue to build our bench.Additionally in personal insurance, we added a seasoned veteran to lead high network as we continue to refine our strategy to reformulate that business. I'm extremely proud of our team globally. The performance of General Insurance in the first half of 2019 reflects the dedication, commitment, capabilities and extraordinary efforts of our colleagues across the globe.Lastly, I want to comment on AIG 200, which Brian mentioned in his opening remarks. As we look to the second half of 2019 and beyond, it's critical that we focus on our infrastructure and businesses across all of AIG and invest to modernize and digitize our workflows, as well as create a more unified AIG.As we did with General Insurance over the last 18 months, we are filling critical roles in adding a number of seasoned executives to the corporate center with proven track records of achieving excellent results during transformation.In my capacity as AIGs Global Chief Operating Officer, I look forward to meeting this next phase of work that will accelerate the progress we're making towards achieving AIGs long-term strategic, operational, financial goals and enable us to become a top-performing company.With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, Peter, and good morning everyone. Life and Retirement recorded adjusted pretax income of just over $1 billion for the quarter and adjusted return on common equity of 17.3%. Adjusted pretax income increased by $87 million from the prior year quarter. A primary driver of this increase was a one-time gain of $138 million for a private equity holding following an initial public offering.Our earnings also benefited from the broader capital markets environment. Net investment income reflected both higher returns on fair value option securities of $48 million and higher call and tender income of $22 million due to significantly lower interest rates. Additionally, favorable mortality drove an increase of $35 million. These favorable impacts were partially offset by an allowance for reinsurance recoveries of $38 million in our Life Insurance business and expected spread compression in our Retirement businesses.New money rates are below portfolio yields across our retirement portfolios resulting in reduced but still attractive spreads in many products. The prior year comparison for adjusted pretax income also reflects net positive actuarial adjustments of $51 million in the second quarter of 2018, a benefit of $98 million in life insurance and an unfavorable adjustment of $47 million in individual retirement.Our market assumptions for the full-year have not changed and recent market volatility is a reminder that the second half may be much more challenging from a capital markets perspective. While our first half results provide some balance for the full year outlook, declining equity markets would, among other things, negatively impact fees as well as deferred acquisition cost amortization. Further with recent large declines in US interest rates, our current expectation is that base net spreads will decline to the higher end of our approximately zero to 2 basis points range per quarter.Finally, declining interest rates would typically result in higher returns on fair value option securities, although the overall impact on net investment income would depend on the timing and degree of interest rate movement. From a statutory perspective, we expect to continue to generate solid earnings and for our strong year-end risk-based capital levels to improve over year-end 2018.Separately, we are pleased the FASB appears poised to extend the required date for adoption of the new accounting for long duration contracts until 2022. Nevertheless, we have a large and growing effort underway to understand and operationalize all the changes which are very broad reaching. It's too early to comment on impact, but we take comfort in the quality, underlying economics and cash flows of our in-force and the new business we write.Our results for the first half of the year reflect strong growth from our ongoing strategy to leverage our broad product portfolio and diversified distribution network to satisfy customer needs. With strong market demand and favorable pricing conditions during most of this period, we significantly increased sales in fixed and indexed annuities.We expect lower levels of sales for certain product lines in the second half due to lower interest rates and the uncertain environment. We will remain disciplined with respect to product pricing and features and continue to leverage our broad capabilities to deploy capital to available attractive new business opportunities.I will now talk briefly about the results for the quarter for each of the businesses. For Individual Retirement, premiums and deposits grew by 13%. We produced strong sales in fixed and indexed annuities during the quarter, although fixed annuity sales declined from first quarter levels.We do expect lower sales of fixed annuities in the prevailing interest rate environment. We achieved positive net flows, excluding Retail Mutual Funds, which is a comparatively small part of our earnings.Total assets under management increased driven by strong equity markets performance and growth of annuity deposits during the first half of the year. For Group Retirement, premiums and deposits were lower than the prior year quarter, primarily due to two large group acquisitions in the second quarter last year. In plan contributions and individual product sales continued to be strong.Net flows improved from the prior year quarter due to lower group surrender activity, but still remained negative. Although the timing of group acquisitions and individual contributions will result in quarter-over-quarter variances in deposits, we expect surrenders and other withdrawals to continue to drive negative net flows. It is also important to note that the financial impact of outflows will vary based on product characteristics.For example, the impact will be lower if the outflow is from a higher guaranteed minimum interest rate annuity policy or from a lower margin group mutual fund offering. Despite facing negative flows for a period of time, we've continued to produce solid earnings for this business as assets under administration have continued to grow.For our Life Insurance business, total premiums and deposits increased for the quarter driven by sales growth in our UK individual protection product line as well as the addition of group protection from the acquisition of Ellipse. Our US life sales declined as we deemphasized guaranteed universal life sales in the current interest rate environment and indexed universal life sales remain under pressure.Overall, mortality experience was favorable to pricing expectations and the prior year quarter. We have been pleased with our mortality results over the last several quarters while recognizing that there will always be some volatility quarter-to-quarter. Adjusted pre-tax income decreased from the prior year quarter, primarily due to the favorable actuarial adjustments in the second quarter of 2018 and the current quarter reinsurance recoveries allowance that I mentioned earlier.Institutional Markets' premiums and deposits were lower than the prior year quarter, primarily due to large GIC issuance in the second quarter of last year. We continue our opportunistic strategy in the pension risk transfer business and the market pipeline over the next 12 to 18 months remains robust. Overall, our Institutional Markets business continues to be well positioned to capitalize on available growth across its product lines while remaining focused on achieving targeted returns.Lastly, I wanted to briefly comment on AIG 200 which includes Life and Retirement. We plan to focus on investments that will accelerate our efforts to enhance the customer and distributor experience across our businesses, complete the work needed to fully focus our Life Insurance business on the core portfolio, further prepare for the new standards of care in advisory expectations and position our businesses for future product and distribution channel expansion, while improving overall efficiency.To close, we remain committed to our ongoing strategy to leverage our broad product expertise and distribution footprint to deploy capital to the most attractive opportunities, which we believe positions us well to help meet growing needs for protection, retirement savings and lifetime income solutions.Now, I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Lyons: Right, thank you, Kevin and good morning all. AIGs adjusted after-tax earnings per share was $1.43 for the quarter compared to $1.05 per share in the corresponding quarter of 2018. In dollar terms, AIG had nearly $1.7 billion of adjusted pretax income and $1.3 billion of adjusted after-tax income. Book value per share, which excludes AOCI and DTA on an adjusted basis increased to $1.42 per share or nearly 2.6% as compared to the first quarter of 2019.As respect to adjusted return on common equity adjusted return on common equity or ROCE, which also excludes AOCI and DTA, AIG returned an annualized 10.4% for the quarter and the segments achieved the following returns on attributed equity. General Insurance achieved the 10.3% return. As Kevin mentioned, Life and Retirement is 17.3% return and Legacy with a 5.2% return. As mentioned last quarter, AIG now is using the term return on common equity because the last quarter we introduced some preferred stock into our capital structure.Net investment income or NII for the second quarter was $3.74 billion on an adjusted pretax income basis and $3.75 billion on the GAAP basis, compared to $3.72 billion and $3.88 billion respectively in the sequential first quarter of 2019. This level of NII had the benefit of an approximate $0.13 per share after tax gain, associated with an IPO in our alternative private equity asset class. This $142 million pretax gain is reflected in Life and Retirement for $138 million, and $4 million within our Legacy segment.Strengthening equity markets and tighter credit spreads also helped this quarter's investment results. I am pleased to recall that effective last quarter, AIG implemented two changes in the accounting presentation that now recognized changes in the fair market value of equity securities below the line and the non-insurance subsidiary NII that had been reflected within other income is now reflected in the NII line profits.Turning to General Insurance, for the second consecutive quarter, the segment produced both a calendar quarter and a current accident quarter underwriting profit, with a calendar quarter combined ratio of 97.8% as Peter mentioned, which of course reflects actual catastrophe losses and prior period development, and a 96.1% current accident quarter combined ratio, excluding CATs. The actual CAT ratio for the second quarter of 2019 was 2.6% of net premium and for the first quarter of 2019 sequentially was 2.7%. The prior-year development ratio or PYD ratio net of the ADC and amortization was a favorable 0.9 loss ratio points for the quarter and for the first quarter of 2019 sequentially was 1%.Furthermore, improved gross underwriting along with reinsurance purchases designed to reduce per risk attachment points and provide horizontal exposure coverage, reduced the level of large net property losses. The North America segment of General Insurance produced a 96.8% current accident year excluding CATs combined ratio with the North America Commercial Lines component producing a 99.2% current accident quarter combined ratio, excluding CATs, which represents a 9.3 combined ratio point improvement over the second quarter of 2018.The North America Personal lines operation produced a 90.1% current accident quarter combined ratio, excluding CATs, which represents a 7.8% combined ratio point improvement over the corresponding quarter of 2018. The International segment of General Insurance produced a 95.5% current accident quarter combined ratio, excluding CATs versus 98% even comparable ratio in the second quarter of 2018. This improvement was driven by the commercial segment, which saw a 6.5 combined ratio point reduction over the second quarter of 2018.It's also informative to comment on the General Insurance performance on a year-to-date six-month basis versus the first six months of 2018, and on that basis, year-to-date net earned premiums were up 1.1%. The calendar year combined ratio improved 5 points even and the current accident year combined ratio, excluding CATs, improved 4.2 points. Furthermore, the general operating expense ratio or GOE ratio improved 2.2 points prior to adjustments from the Validus acquisition.Lastly, the year-to-date General Insurance return on attributed common equity is 12.1% in 2019 versus 5.3% in the first half of 2018, a 680-basis point improvement.Turning to prior-year development or PYD, this quarter saw $63 million of net favorable development with $66 million of favorable stemming from General Insurance and $3 million of unfavorable emanating from Legacy operations. Although actual versus expected loss emergence was reviewed globally, the areas receiving deeper reserve dives this quarter were mostly US exposures, primary and excess casualty on both admitted and non-admitted basis, Environmental, Health Care, GL and MedNow [ph] within programs, personalized property and some specialties lines.The $63 million of net favorable development is mostly driven by the amortization associated with the deferred gain of the adverse development cover for $58 million. The remaining post ADC $5 million of net favorable development was scattered across many lines, but unpacking this further, and looking at things on a pre-ADC basis, net favorable development was a $132 million split as $129 million favorable in North America, $6 million favorable internationally, and pre-aforementioned $3 million unfavorable from the Legacy segment.But an equally relevant view of this $135 million of pre-ADC favorable general insurance PYD is that $230 million represents favorable development for accident years 2015 and prior across many lines and is largely subject to the ADC, and $95 million of unfavorable development for accident years 2016 to 2018, which is split $55 million from US admitted excess casualty, $10 million from US primary casualty workers' compensation life combined, and $30 million of unfavorable development emanating mostly from short-tailed personal lines and European property and specialty lines.I am pleased that this quarter's deep dive review, representing 30% of total reserves that also have historically been volatile lines of business, resulted in relatively minor movements. For example, on a year-to-date basis, accident year 2017s loss ratio has only moved one-tenth of a loss ratio point and accident year 2018s movement doesn't even register.The Legacy segment incurred $47 million of unfavorable development from accident year 2018, stemming from two environmental cleanup cost cap policies written in 2006 each for 30-year terms, which is totally distinct from General Insurance but only $3 million in favorable for legacy across all actual years.Peter commented earlier on General Insurance's achieved rate increases for the quarter and helping to put the pervasiveness of these rate increases in context, nearly 60% of the quarter's gross premium was associated with double-digit rate increases, whereas less than 10% of associated with rate decreases.I'd also like to add some color on the related concept of margin expansion, which is defined as the beneficial impact of effective rate changes over loss cost trends. In North America Commercial, the weighted average loss cost trend was approximately 3.5%, but that varies widely by product line and ranges from a positive 1% trend to a plus 9% trend but that is on the line.Given the discussion of rate changes given by Peter earlier, on a written basis, one can see that the degree of margin expansion above what was already contemplated with our 2019 plan loss ratio has been significant in the quarter, and this expansion has been centered and led by commercial property, E&S casualty business and directors and officers liability, although almost all lines had some degree of expansion.Turning to the Life and Retirement Segment, Kevin has already provided a good overview, but I would add that the boost to NII from the previously referenced IPO at an approximate 230-basis point beneficial impact on the quarter's annualized return on common equity, and therefore their return would have still been approximately 15% without that impact. All units reported increases in adjusted pretax income sequentially and quarter-over-quarter except for the life unit which is experiencing growth along with the associated expense drag on income.Individual Retirement net flows for the quarter were $300 million negative, but improved materially compared to the $1 billion negative in the second quarter of 2018. These net flows, however, were approximately $470 million positive across all annuity types, fixed, variable and indexed combined, with indexed annuities providing $1.1 billion of positive net flows.As mentioned by Kevin, retail mutual fund outflows were the most challenged in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, indexed and variable annuities combined show a flat surrender rate whereas fixed annuity saw a minor uptick. Net investment spreads for Individual Retirement were under pressure during the quarter, whereas Group Retirement net spreads increased.Life Insurance, we've seen growth in international sales, favorable mortality experience relative to the original pricing assumptions and the comparison with the second quarter of 2018 becomes favorable when controlling for that quarter's $98 million of beneficial actuarial refinements.Assets under administration grew in both individual and group retirement primarily due to strong equity market performance. Institutional Markets' pretax income improved quarter-over-quarter, but deposits and premium shrank comparatively due to a large GIC issuance in 2018 that was not repeated in 2019.Turning to Legacy, adjusted pretax income was up slightly on a sequential basis to $119 million, and the after-tax income to attributed common shareholders is $93 million in the quarter, which translated to a 5.2% annualized return. Legacy NII was comparable to the first six months of 2018, but even though the year-to-date return on common equity is 4.7%, we continue to anticipate a 2% to 3% return for the second half of 2019, similar to original guidance.As respect to tax, the effective tax rate was 22.4% for the year applicable to adjusted pretax income and 21.8% for the quarter, which is inclusive of discrete items. As you know, the effective tax rate is updated each quarter using actual results or that supplemented by reforecasting the remaining quarters. And as always, the tax rate is heavily influenced each quarter by the geographic distribution of income by tax jurisdiction. It's worth noting that approximately $350 million of the DTA was consumed this quarter.The utilization of net operating losses in foreign tax credits with both Life and Retirement and General Insurance contributing towards that consumption. As Brian noted, we did not repurchase any shares in the second quarter, so our Board authorization remains at $2 billion. As compared to the first quarter of 2019, our total debt and hybrids to total capital leverage ratio improved another 120 basis points sequentially this quarter to 26.9%.We also had a bond issuance mature for $1 billion in mid-July that was effectively pre-funded by our March 2019 debt raising. This debt overlapped at June 30 when adjusted results in an additional 80-basis point improvement in the total debt and hybrids-to-total capital ratio to 26.1%. When you look at this on a year-to-date basis, there was a 320-point reduction in this leveraged metric.Adjusted book value per share increased nearly 2.6% in the quarter and book value per share increased 6.2% sequentially and 13.2% since year-end 2018 benefiting from AOCI gains. As respect to the agency discussions, we completed our reviews last month with the following results for our various financial strength ratings. AM Best affirmed our A rating, and stable outlook. S&P affirmed our A plus rating and upgraded our outlook to stable, and Fitch affirmed our A plus rating and their negative outlook on an interim basis until their full review, which takes place later this year. Moody's reviewed us as well, but this was considered an internal review within their multi-year process.Lastly, as Kevin alluded to, as for the financial accounting landscape, AIG is in the process of evaluating and planning for three fundamental accounting changes currently, that will be implemented in 2020 through 2022 depending upon the standard.These are long-duration accounting affecting our Life and Retirement Division, IFRS 17 affecting our General Insurance International operations, but mostly in a compliance sense, and thirdly is FASB [indiscernible] current expected credit-loss model which really affects both sides of the balance sheet. We will provide more details around the impact of the changing accounting standards over the next few quarters.And on that exciting note, I'll return it back to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Thank you. Okay, Jake, well let's go to Q&A portion of this. First question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will begin with Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question on General Insurance, you've again mentioned a lot of the underwriting actions that you've taken within that book combined with obviously now you're getting more of a pricing tailwind, so it does sound like the second half of this year, the margin should be better than the first half. Brian, I know you guys said you have the target for the underwriting profit maintaining that for the full year. Could you just give us a sense of how the second half that accident year combined ratio is adjusted within General Insurance, the type of improvement that we should expect from that 96.1% that we saw in the first half of the year?
Peter Zaffino: Well, Elyse, I have -- I said, we expect an underwriting profit for the year, it's very hard to predict the accident quarter. So, we've been -- we've been improving the volatility of this book, and so I think that the results get to be a little bit more predictable, but we still have a -- we still have a relatively interesting mix of business.So, I just -- I don't really want to predict some to the decimal point change. We want to continue to sequentially improve, but will that happen in a -- in some kind of straight line, I can't tell you, but over time, yes, we continue to target an improvement in the General Insurance and as I said and get to a sustainable 10-point return on adjusted equity over the next couple of years, but don't hold me to what the accident quarter is going to be.
Brian Duperreault: Next question?
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, wait, I just -- excuse me, I also had a follow-up. So my second --.
Brian Duperreault: Go ahead, please.
Elyse Greenspan: My second question just on AIG 200 that you guys outlined throughout the call, I just want to get a sense on does that ultimately -- does the $200 million [ph] that you guys are looking for 200-basis point of improvement in your expense ratio. Just trying to get a sense of where that 200 comes from? And if you can just give us a sense of the timeframe there and any investments that we should be thinking about that you're making?
Mark Lyons: That's interesting. It's going to be more than 200 basis points, I'll tell you that. Now it's really a reference to -- we've just in this year celebrating -- let us go book back 100 years, and so this is to look forward to the next 100, and so maybe I should have called it, well I won't give you a number.
Brian Duperreault: But anyway, yes. So look at -- if we're ever going to be a great company, and it's our intention to be a great company, if you assess where we are now, the Life and Retirement, great set of products, great distribution platform, handling issues that come along in terms of the market.Peter is bringing the General Insurance to an underwriting excellence position where it belongs. It is what we do for a living. We've got the best investment management in the business. But the one thing we've never been noted for is operational excellence and this is the one thing that we have not invested in. We've got legacy processes, too many manual interventions on and on and on. And it is a drag on our performance if you look at the GI expense ratio in particular.I pick a number, it is at least 500 basis points, too high in my mind, and how are you ever going to get that down. We have to transform the Company, we have to do it fundamentally, it's going to take us some time, but it's the next great step and to me, it's as important as anything we're doing to date in this Company.And so it's a very, very important effort, it's across the whole company and it will provide that long-term benefit and get us to that position of greatness that we've achieved -- that we aspire to. Next question please?
Operator: And that question will come from Mike Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Phillips: Thank you. Good morning, Brian. I appreciate your comments at the beginning on kind of the comments on the discipline of the market and being more fact based and how that's driving this cycle. I guess some of your peers have talked about, have described the cycle as reserve driven and income statement driven. And I guess, want to hear your thoughts on that description and the question kind of goes to not for your book, but just kind of overall for the industry profitability of the current year versus kind of the profitability of prior year still?
Brian Duperreault: Well, I think the market is reacting to the fact that they don't think the current year profitability without these rate changes would have would have matched prior years. And I mean that's logical given the kind of trends that we refer to whether it's social inflation or the kind of tort movements, just frequency of loss. And so I think the market is reacting as I said in a natural way, a way that one would expect a well-managed industry to do. So, I am encouraged by that. What else would you like to ask Mike?
Mike Phillips: Yes, okay. Yeah, thanks. Just a specific one on the torts, the legislative changes that we've had and a lot of headlines obviously on the sexual harassment stuff, is that the next asbestos for the industry?
Brian Duperreault: I think asbestos has been the next asbestos for this industry [indiscernible] I don't want to -- I have got to leave that supreme. But it's certainly a society wide problem but it's certainly a society wide problem, all this stuff that's going on and it will be reflected in societies' reaction to it.As Peter pointed out, the one thing that we have been known for when I talk about being a great Company, this kind of large widespread phenomenon is something we've been handling for a very long time, but it is certainly an issue that everybody has at the top of their mind.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Mike. Next question please.
Operator: We'll hear from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good morning everybody. I wanted to start with a question on NII. So you had two strong quarters openings of the year, how should we think of the kind of $13.2 billion to $13.3 billion run rate that you talked about last quarter with the rate environment being what it is today?
Brian Duperreault: Yes, okay. Well, I think I'll have Mark do this one.
Mark Lyons: Thank you. I mean it's a reasonable question. I mean, what I would just kind of comment on. Last quarter, we kind of gave you a framework. We said it is roughly 91% of the carrying value of investable assets is in pretty stable, predictable stuff. I mean, that's still got some variability to it of course, but on a relative basis, and then there was another 9% that has a lot more volatility to it, some because of the inherent asset class itself and some because of the accounting election that was put through.And that mix is still pretty much in force this quarter. So there a couple of things, one, if you look back even through our fence up, you're going to see in PE and hedge fund composites pretty, pretty broad volatility. It's -- we have a minus 11% in the fourth quarter that rebounded to 18%, and 16% this quarter, it was 5% in the latter part -- third quarter of '18.So you can kind of go backwards and pick your own standard there on those kinds of things. The other thing that, and Brian alluded to it and Kevin alluded to it, if you go into the assumption that where the interest rates are now, stays at this level with natural maturities and natural turnover in fixed income, you're going to be reinvesting in lower yielding fixed income securities.That could put some downward pressure on it, latter half and then into 2016. So all those things taken into account, we still think that the original guidance we had given coming into the year was $13 billion. And through that stuff that I mentioned, you could really get to about $13.5 billion, in that range and that's, for the reasons we just mentioned, that's pretty much where we still are.
Yaron Kinar: Okay.
Brian Duperreault: The other question Yaron?
Yaron Kinar: Yes. My next question is going back to the AIG 200 initiatives. Is that something that you would expect to complete by the 2021 -- the end of 2021 when you're targeting the double-digit ROE? And also with the costs associated with this program will those be included in adjusted operating income or not?
Brian Duperreault: Yes, well, I would say, yes. I put it as a probably a three plus year program, but once that period ends, this constant improvement should never end and I -- so I think there will be continuous improvement after that, but let's say the -- a project name will probably end in that period of time. And yes, we would include the cost and benefits net-net in the -- in our belief that we'll get to that double-digit position at that point.Did you want to add anything, Mark?
Mark Lyons: Yes, just one thing, that the second part of your question was, of course, you will see that in net income, but that kind of restructuring charges is generally is excluded from operating income.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. Thank you.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. You're welcome. Next question please.
Operator: And now we'll take a question from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning.
Brian Duperreault: Hey, Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Hey, guys. So, Mark, just a follow-up on the NII question, so if I followed your $13.5 billion expectation for the year, that implies per quarter, NII will be running around $3 billion or so for the next couple of quarters if we stay in the current rate environment is that approximately right?
Mark Lyons: Yes, if you're linear on it.
Tom Gallagher: Got it. And then my follow-up is just from Slide 5, there is a footnote that says about 20% of your fixed maturities are in variable rate securities, are those -- I think that's -- I would sulfur [ph] like $50 billion of variable rate securities, are those traditional floaters? And is that -- is that the main source of pressure on NII from a base spread standpoint?
Mark Lyons: First off, your mix is right. It's about 80:20 and -- notional sounds approximately right as well. So, I mean, yes with floating that's going to be a natural impact on it, which, yes, what have you got, it's not like you just let it go, I mean, there is risk management and hedge aspects associated with it. But, Doug, do you want to?
Douglas Dachille: Hi, good morning. When you look at that, that's the holdings of the floating-rate assets, but there are a couple of factors you have to think about with respect to the impact to net investment income. First of all, the reason we hold those floating-rate assets, it provides diversification.But the other reason we hold them as we have a lot of liabilities that reprice frequency frequently during the course of the year. So there is some asset liability management that's associated with holding floaters. So we hold floating-rate assets against liabilities that have a floating rate repricing characteristic.To the extent there is any excess floaters that we invest in because we thought there was value to the extent there is an asset liability mismatch, we typically swap those floating-rate assets into fixed. So while we're telling you what percentage of the portfolio actually has floating rate as a component of the available for sale, that's not necessarily the exact amount of exposure we have to the repricing of the floating rate.
Tom Gallagher: Understood, thanks.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, next question.
Operator: One moment please. We will now take a question from Jay Gelb from Barclays.
Jay Gelb: Thanks and good morning, I appreciate it.
Brian Duperreault: Good morning, Jay.
Jay Gelb: With regard to capital management, you had some discussion in prepared remarks about why the Company did not repurchase shares in the first half in terms of taking down the leverage ratio and at the same time free cash flow seems quite strong and the stock is currently trading at 80% of book value. Can you talk about what your expectations might be for the second half in terms of buybacks?
Brian Duperreault: I think Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're going to, and I said the same thing. We're going to -- we're going to continue to look at our leverage, so let's not forget that, but my bias has always been to invest in the business and in this situation where we've got a market that's improving daily, and also an effort in the Company to self-improve through the AIG 200, I think that there will be plenty of opportunities for us to invest in the Company itself, and I think that's the long-term best use of the funds and that's where we're going, Jay.
Jay Gelb: That sounds good. I do have a follow-up. This one is for Peter. I was wondering if you can give us any indications of what you're seeing in terms of the pricing environment so far through the third quarter, if the positive trends are accelerating?
Peter Zaffino: It's too early, Jay, really to comment, but I would expect just based on sort of qualitative commentary that the third quarter early reactions are similar to what we've seen in the second quarter.
Jay Gelb: Thank you.
Brian Duperreault: Good. Terrific. Let's take another question.
Operator: We'll now hear from Joshua Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker: Well, thank you for fitting me in, I appreciate it. Good morning.
Brian Duperreault: Good morning, Josh. it's good to hear from you.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you. So, you talked about rate, everyone's talking about rate and whatnot, but in some ways, AIG is writing its own ticket. There is an overhaul of the portfolio going on. It's ongoing. When you talk about rate, is that pricing only or is that joined with an overhaul how AIG underwrites its P&C business?
Brian Duperreault: Well, I'm going to start and Mike and Peter can finish. So, these rates that we refer to are really like same store sales rate, kind of thing, right. So we're matching apples with apples. But as you point out there is another thing going on, which is the sharing of business that was either poorly selected or under price limits under price limits that we didn't think we were getting paid for. So there is another underlying improvement taking place in addition to this rate comparison. Mark, do you want to add?
Mark Lyons: Yes, thank you. First off, Josh, I appreciate that one opening comment you made that in terms of writing your own ticket, I think clear point of differentiation is in a lot of sectors, AIG is pushing the market, it's not like we're benefiting from the results of others, we are pushing it and that's contributory to our view on a lot of different things.In terms of the rate changes as Peter quoted for, they are effective rate changes, taken into account as much as you can, to the examples that Brian mentioned, limits in contraction and the cash flow point movements and so forth. But there is a broader lift that does not reflect. I mean that's the explicit rate change, the implicit rate change is that portfolio quality differential.So when you non-renew or get rid of business of rate adequacy of X and you're bringing in new business that's much stronger than that X, it has beneficial lift as well. That will find its way into the ultimate loss ratio, but that's in addition to the individual rate changes that we are covering up.
Brian Duperreault: Peter, have you got anything you want to add?
Peter Zaffino: I just want to build on what both of you had commented on, which is the most important thing we're making sure that the underwriters are doing is risk selection, how to recalibrate the portfolio, making disciplined decisions around limit deployment, understanding their aggregations, understanding what's actually happening with loss cost and underlying trends.We're very pleased with the rate that we've been driving. But that's become an outcome of the discipline that we've been driving over the last five or six quarters.
Brian Duperreault: Josh, we got maybe time for follow-up and no other question.
Joshua Shanker: It is absolutely a follow-up, right on it. And so next year, as I think about the shape of the portfolio and your purchase of reinsurance over the past 12 months, can we imagine that the shaping of the same, that you have the same reliance on reinsurance for the next 12 months or is that going to change over time?
Mark Lyons: Well, I think we've been addressing our reinsurance to the portfolio that we had, as that portfolio changes, right, so we get rid of the large limit strategy, you don't have to buy as much in terms of protecting the Company from those very large limits, portfolio mix, but I'd say the basis of our philosophy of around the reinsurance that it is -- it's geared to addressing exposures that we feel we should share because of accumulations or because of volatility, that's going to continue. But yes, as the portfolio evolves, we'll adjust our total program accordingly.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks Josh. And I'm going to call this to an end, and thank you. And I just want to just thank everybody for joining us today and for your questions. And before we end the call, of course, I do want to acknowledge our colleagues around the world for their tireless efforts and dedication to the journey that we're on here at AIG, and I am proud of what we're accomplishing and appreciate everybody's hard work.I also want to thank our business partners, shareholders and stakeholders for their support. It's meant a lot to me and my leadership team and we remain committed to making AIG the leading insurance Company in the world. Have a great day.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation and you many now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to AIGs First Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Werner: Good morning. And before we get started this morning, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes and circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first quarter 2019 Form 10-Q to be filed in our 2018 Form 10-K under Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations, and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for todays presentation and in our financial supplement, which are available on our website. This morning, we ask again that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up. We're joined in a room today by members of senior management, including Brian Duperreault; President and CEO; Mark Lyons, CFO; Peter Zaffino, COO and CEO of General Insurance; and Kevin Hogan, CEO of Life and Retirement. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Our first quarter results reflect the significant foundational work we've been undertaking since late 2017 and that described to you in detail on our last earnings call in February. Im pleased with our progress to date and remain confident, and will continue through the remainder of the year. Today we will provide additional detail on our financial results as well as progress we're making on a number of fronts in our General Insurance, Life and Retirement and Legacy segments. We're changing our usual line. So after my opening marks, I will be followed by Peter Zaffino, then Kevin Hogan. And Mark Lyons will close our prepared comments before we move to Q&A. In the first quarter, we achieved an adjusted after-tax EPS was $1 58 compared to $1.4 in the first quarter of last year. This reflects significant improvement in the core operations of General Insurance in addition to increase investment income due to the rebound and equity markets. Mark will provide more detail regarding the positive impact investment income had across our businesses, which represent $0.32 of our EPS improvement year-over-year. In the first quarter, General Insurance achieved an underwriting profit of $179 million in a calendar year combined ratio of 97.4. First quarter accident year combined ratio as adjusted was 96.1. This quarter's underwriting profit represents a significant milestone for AIG, and reflects the tremendous work undertaken by Peter and his leadership team over the last 18 months to radically improve underwriting fundamentals. Overall our approach to reinsurance dramatically reduce risk and volatility, onboard acquisitions and then still continuous expense discipline across General Insurance. We remain confident that GI will continue to improve its financial performance and deliver and underwriting profit for the full year 2019 as already evidenced by our first quarter results. I'd like to comment briefly on AAL. As you know, over the last few quarters, as I have been reluctant to talk about AAL because of the significant changes taking place in General Insurance and because our historical disclosure was not in line with our peers. I did say it previously that you should assume AAL will be going down, indeed, it has. Our estimated 2019 AAL was 3.5. The number I'm not too focused on as it will continue to change as our General Insurance strategy evolves and matures and because we view catastrophe management as a balance sheet topic as opposed to P&L. As a result of the strategic actions we are taking, AIG is again recognized as a leader in the insurance market. Many of us attended RIMS [ph] last week, and we're gratified to the level of engagement and support we've received from our clients and distribution partners. The marketplace has taken note of our delivery broad based actions to recalibrate our book and aggressively reduce limits, risk and volatility. It is noteworthy that we are seeing corresponding improvements in almost every area, including retail, E&S, reinsurance. And these improvements are not just occurring in the United States, but also in a number of other countries. Peter will discuss this in more detail in his remarks. I also want to briefly comment on the recent news about changes at Lloyd's. In my view Lloyd's is taking actions that are necessary for us to regain its preeminent position in the industry. Our acquisition of VALIDUS was driven in part by because of Talbot, a Lloyd's platform. So we are pleased to see Lloyd's embarking on plan to restore its position in the marketplace. Turning to Life and Retirement. This segment delivered another solid quarter with adjusted pre-tax income of $924 million and an adjusted ROE of 15%. We are reconfirming our guidance for L&R for the full year and continue to expect the low to mid-teens adjusted ROE. Kevin will provide more detail on L&R's first quarter in his remarks, including the impacts of the rebound in the equity markets. With respect to our Legacy segment, we continue to make progress on our plan to deconsolidate and fully separate this business, while ensuring to meet our commitments to our policyholders and regulators. As you saw in our press release for consolidated AIG, we continue to expect to achieve a double-digit adjusted return on equity within three years. Our first quarter results demonstrate that our world-class team continues to make progress and our journey to restore AIG as a leading insurance company in the world. With that, I will turn it over to Peter to expand on General Insurance.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Today I will share high level financial information for General Insurance. I will explain on Brian comments and highlight some of our accomplishments in the quarter, including notable financial progress thats being realized its result for our underwriting strategy and the overall repositioning of our business. I will provide insight on our revolving reinsurance program, which had substantially reduced and accelerated volatility containment. And lastly, I will provide market observations based on our experience in the first quarter and make some brief comments as we look ahead to the rest of 2019. As Brian noted since the beginning of 2018, we've been undertaking significant foundational work in General Insurance around organizational structure, talent recruitment and improving underwriting capabilities, while at the same time rapidly evolving or reinsurance program and exercising expense discipline. As a result, in the first quarter of 2019, we achieved an accident year combine ratio; including actual CATs of 98.8% or 96.1% as adjusted. The calendar year combined ratio was 97.4%. The accident year loss ratio, excluding cash for the quarter, was 61.8%, a 130 basis point improvement year-over-year, and a 210 basis points sequential improvement from fourth quarter 2018. In the first quarter, we experienced CAT losses of $175 million, which were lower than a year ago. The first quarter expense ratio of 34.3% represents a 230-basis-point improvement year-over-year and a 60-basis-point improvement from the fourth quarter of 2018. The general operating expense ratio was 12.5% for the first quarter in line with the fourth quarter of 2018 and 240 basis points lower than the first quarter of 2018. On a like-for-like basis, excluding the impact of acquisitions, operating expense is declined by approximately 18% year-over-year. These reductions were achieved while we remain committed to making investment in talent, business process and infrastructure to support our long-term profitable growth objectives. The acquisition ratio of 21.8% in the first quarter was in line with the prior year quarter and the fourth quarter of 2018, and in line with our expectations given our current mix of business. In addition to improved underwriting results, net investment income was favorable this quarter coming in at $1.1 billion, bringing General Insurance's pre-tax operating income to $1.3 billion. Mark will provide more details on the General Insurance financial results in his prepared remarks. As we stated over the last few quarters, we delivered improvement, particularly in our commercial businesses, our primary area of focus was to create a framework that clearly defines the segments of business that we wanted to underwrite, while leveraging the sustained value believe AIG delivers in the insurance market. This framework enabled us to develop cohesive risk appetite and the pivot to becoming a valued added partner to our brokers and clients based on our expertise not just our capacity. While it may sounds simple and perhaps even repetitive, this was our major initiative in 2018, and when coupled with the strengthening of our core underwriting fundamentals, the changing mix of our business, the addition of Validus and Glatfelter, and the improvement we have driven in race, we were able to craft and dramatically improve comprehensive and strategic reinsurance program for 2019. We remain committed to our journey of continuous improvement across General Insurance and are executing on changes to core businesses to shift our overall portfolio composition. Some highlights of actions we are taking that are driving improved operating and financial results include the following. In Lexington, for both property and casualty, we've narrowed our risk appetite and are focused on smaller and mid-market insurers and are committed to the wholesale distribution channel. We're also taking an aggressive action on our renewal portfolio to align with our new risk appetite, while exiting underperforming risks. As a result, we see momentum in both property and cash. Property submissions are up over 20% year-over-year, and we are achieving low to mid-teens rate improvement on the portfolio. In our casualty business, our submission account is up over 20% year-over-year, as the marketplace has responded positively to our more tailored distribution strategy enabling us to identify opportunities for profitable new business growth. In our casualty portfolio, we're achieving low teens rate improvement. Overall, we're very seasoned to pace of the repositioning of our Lexington portfolio. In financial line, as I mentioned on last quarter's call, we've been focused on reducing growth primary limits, and we remained very committed to the point capacity for lead layers, while obtaining better balance by participating in excess layers. We also have been discipline on rate. For example, we've achieved in the primary corporate DNO over 20% rate and primary private DNO over 15% and an excess DNO over 10%. In our North American book across primary U.S. DNO segments, aggregate limits were reduced by approximately 20% in the first quarter of 2018 to the first quarter of 2019. And we also significantly reduced our policies above $10 million in lead layers by almost 35%. The impact of our disciplined approach to risk selection pricing is also reflected in our UK financial lines book where our total limits across all layers for public DNO decreased nearly 35% year-over-year. Yet our repeat premium was only down slightly despite our underwriting actions. In North American property, we continue to take aggressive actions to improve our portfolio. Our total gross limits in the first quarter declined 49% compared with the first quarter 2018. Our average gross limit for risk management accounts declined 14%, our average deductible increased 25%; and we've been able to achieve high single-digit rate increases on our enforced portfolio. In addition to these portfolio actions, the acquisitions of Validus & Glatfelter directly aligned with our objective to improve our core business and diversify our portfolio. Both companies have delivered on their strong reputation for underwriting excellence in track record of generating underwriting process. On our year-end 2018 earnings call, we provided considerable detail on the substantial enhancement we're making to our reinsurance program. I do not intend to repeat that information today. However, I do want to stress that reinsurance continues to play a critical role in our overall strategy I'm very pleased with what we've accomplished. Together with the substantial improvement for making sure our underwriting approach and capabilities, our reinsurance program is contributing to our reduced risk profile and helping us to reshape the better balance of our portfolio. The relationship we're building with reinsurers and the support we have received as we overhaul our reinsurance program is clear and strong industry endorsement of the work we're undertaking to improve our core business. We'll continue to refine and enhance our reinsurance program as our portfolio improves. Let me briefly comment on rate. As I mention when I highlighted our progress in some businesses, we're seeing broad based market support for premium rate increases across multiple lines at/or better than our lost cost trends, which mark will discuss in more detail. At a high level, we obtained rate increases of around 4% in our commercial portfolio, including over 4% in North American commercial lines, excluding Validus & Glatfelter and almost 6% in UK and 3% in Europe. While rates remains an important area focus for us, we continue to believe that discipline methodical risk selection coupled with the focus on terms and conditions will be the primary drivers of sustained improved financial performance and profitability. Turning to our reinsurance business, Validus Re had a very strong start to the year. In the first quarter, we did see market loss increases for piping Jebi and other 2018 events. Despite these increases, Validus Re did not have any net adverse development in the quarter due to reinsurance treaty that absorb these loses. Instead Validus Re produced a $16 million favorable loss development in the first quarter. Year-over-year net premiums earned increased approximately 20% as we successfully executed on growth initiatives and diversified non-CAT classes. We're also seeing increased evidence of prices discipline. Ceded commissions are broadly flat to slightly down, and on excess of loss placements, pricing is generally flat to modestly up. While not part of our first quarter results, I do want to briefly comment on the April 1 Japanese renewals and the Florida's June 1 results. For Japan, rate increases range from 15% to 25% on loss impacted CAT layers, layers that were not impacted by catastrophes were priced flat of 6%. We chose not to increase our Japan exposure during this renewal season. Shifting to Florida the property reinsurance had meaningfully underperformed over the last two years, and we believe that we will undergo a meaningful price pressure at June 1. This is driven by loss activity in 2017 and 18, and the need to modify lost cost to account for both increased frequency and severity. Before closing, Id be remiss if I didn't acknowledge the efforts of the General Increase leadership team and all of our colleagues around the world. Im extremely proud of their hard work and accomplishments to date. Our improved results are in due and large parts achieved tireless efforts coupled with their incredible focus, dedication and courage to make material changes and difficult choices all which have positioned us well for the remainder of 2019. Looking ahead, we will continue to evolve our underwriting capabilities, streamline our operations, maintain expense control and invest in people and strategy that will enable us to further strengthen relationships with our clients and distribution partners. While there is still much work ahead of us, we remain laser-focused on our longer-term goal of achieving underwriting excellence and sustained profitability. Our momentum is profitable and we will continue our disciplined approach to decision making as we work to restore AIG as an industry leader. With that, I will turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Life and Retirement recorded adjusted pretax income of $924 million for the quarter and adjusted return on equity of 15%. Adjusted pretax income increased by $32 million from the prior year quarter. The primary drivers of this increase were capital market-driven impacting acquisition costs through lower deferred acquisition cost amortization of $46 million due to rising equity markets in the quarter resulting in increased expected future fee income, and net investment income reflecting both higher returns on fair value option securities of $46 million, driven by tightening credit spreads and higher efficient income of $26 million reflecting interest rate declining in the quarter. Our earnings also benefited from non recurring expense items and reserve refinements in our international life business of approximately $25 million. These favorable impacts were partially offset by lower returns from alternative investments, and lower fee and advisory income due to lower asset levels during the quarter, driven by the market downturn at the end of last year. Prior year comparison also reflects a onetime bond payment recovery in the first quarter of 2018. Our full year expectations for adjusted pre-tax income as well as our market assumptions have not changed. There could be some upside to our full year outlook should market conditions hold or improve. Keep in mind the declining equity markets and widening of credit spreads would accelerate deferred acquisition cost amortization and lower net investment income on fair value option securities, respectively. In addition, absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, our current expectation is that base net spreads will define by approximately zero to two basis points per quarter at least through the end of this year. From a statutory perspective, we expect to generate solid earnings and for our strong year risk based capital levels to improve over year end 2018. Our team continues to do an outstanding job leveraging our broad product expertise and diversified distribution network to meet the evolving needs of our customers. In fact, LIMRA recently published 2018 results and we were ranked as the number one provider in total annuity sales reflecting our capabilities and balance across annuity lines. This is the first time we have held this position since 2007. Although we are pleased with the results, I want to stress that our strategy is not about market share, but instead to be in a position to compete at scale in each of our businesses. Our strong top line growth in the first quarter reflects the execution of our ongoing strategy. With favorable pricing conditions during the quarter, we significantly grew fix and index annuity sales. We also increased group retirement deposits through international life sales and close to large pension risk transfer transaction in the quarter. The pension risk transfer deal, which we recently announced, represented approximately $750 million of pension obligations. As with all such transactions, earnings will emerge over time, and the earnings impact during the first quarter was immaterial. We remain well positioned across our businesses to serve a growing market, enabling us to continue to deploy capital at or above our targeted economic returns, while recognizing we will incur some additional new business expenses associated with such growth. I will now talk briefly about the results for each of the businesses. For individual retirement, premiums and deposits grew by 30%. With these strong sales levels, we achieved positive net flows for the first time since the third quarter of 2016. Net flows for retail mutual funds continued to be challenged. Retail mutual funds, which is a comparatively small part of our earnings, is a defensively position portfolio that is countercyclical to our individual annuities and may continue to face headwinds in the current environment. Assets under management and related fee income decreased, driven by lower asset levels following the equity markets decline in the fourth quarter. Net investment income increased, primarily due to the market driven factors mentioned earlier. For group retirement, premiums and deposits grew by approximately 11% for the quarter with higher group acquisitions, in plan annuity contributions and individual product sales. Surrenders and other withdrawals increased, primarily driven by the loss of one large group due to the planned sponsor reducing the number of providers offered in its plan and higher individual surrenders and other withdrawals. We expect higher surrenders and other withdrawals to continue to negatively impact net flows, but it is important to note that the financial impact of outflows will vary based on product characteristics. For example, the impact will be lower if the outflow is from a higher guaranteed minimum interest rate annuity policy or from a lower-margin group mutual fund offering. Despite facing negative net flows for a period of time, we've continued to produce solid earnings for this business and assets under administration were at the same level as the first quarter of 2018. After adjusting for accretion income and unusual items new money rates are still below portfolio yields across our retirement portfolios resulting in reduced, but still attract spreads in many products. Also on a rising rate environment, it may be appropriate to us to increase crediting rates for certain of our in-force business. For our Life Insurance business, total premiums and deposits and sales increased for the quarter, driven by strong sales growth in our UK individual protection product line as well as the addition of group protection sales with the acquisition of Ellipse. Our U.S life sales declined as we deemphasize guaranteed universal life sales in the current interest rate environment. For our U.S. life business, we continued to make progress or making the necessary infrastructure changes to completely separate our operating model from Fortitude Re and to pursue possible transactions that will lead to deconsolidation in the future. Adjusted pretax income increased due to overall mortality experience, which was within pricing expectations, positive reserve and insurance requirements and lower operating expenses and commissions. Lastly, the Institutional Markets, as I mentioned earlier, we executed a large pension risk transfers transaction in the quarter at attractive economics, statutory and accounting returns. The market pipeline for pension risk transfer transactions over the next 12 to18 months continues to be robust. We also executed a GIC issuance of $250 million in the quarter. Overall, our Institutional Markets business continues to be well positioned to capitalize on available growth across its product lines, while remaining focused on achieving targeted returns. To close, we remain committed to our ongoing strategy to leverage our broad product expertise and distribution footprint and deploy capital to the most attractive opportunities, which we believe positions us well to help meet growing needs for protection, retirement savings and lifetime income solutions. Now, I will turn it over to Mark.
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning all. So getting right into it, AIG's adjusted after-tax earnings per share was $1.58 for the quarter compared to $1.4 for per share in the corresponding quarter of 2018. In dollar terms, AIG has $1.85 billion of adjusted pretax income and $1.39 billion of adjusted after-tax income. Book value per share, excluding AOCI and DTA, increased $0.52 per share or nearly 1% as compared to fourth quarter of 2018. As respect to adjusted return on common equity, or ROCE, which also exclude AOCI and DTA, AIG returned an annualized 11.6% for the quarter and the segments achieved the following returns and attributed equity. General Insurance achieved a 14%, Life and Retirement a 15% return, Legacy had 4.4% annualized return. AIG is now using the term return on common equity, because this quarter we introduced some preferred into our capital structure. As respect net investment income or NII, it should be noted that due to the markets rebounding from fourth quarter 2018 performance, this quarter had outside gains, the likes of which should not be viewed as recurrent across the next three quarters in 2019. As a result, I will begin my comments about NII across the company, so I don't need to do so with any segment. Net investment income for the first quarter was $3.72 billion on an adjusted pre-tax income basis, and $3.88 billion on a GAAP basis compared to $2.81 million and $2.75 billion respectively in the sequential fourth quarter of 2018. This material improvement was predominantly due the improving equity markets; tighter credit spreads and improved alternative investment performance, but was also partially due to changes in accounting presentation by AIG, affected in the quarter in two ways. Firstly, AIG now recognizes changes in the fair value of equity securities below the line, which is much more consistent with the vast majority of our peers. The impact of this geography change for the quarter was a reduction in net investment income of $79 million. Secondly, we re-class NII that has heretofore been recorded in the other income line of non insurance subsidiary into the official net investment income line. The impact of this change was $116 million increase to the NII line this quarter. And it is hope that this reclassification and now removes a consistent source of confusion amongst the investor and analyst communities. It's important to note that this reclassification did not alter adjusted pre-tax earnings at all, simply geography. And I also want to point you to the Pages 12 and 13 in the financial supplement to see the historical quarterly impact of these two reclassifications. When assessing AIG's investment portfolio volatility and result and NII, we believe it's helpful to provide a summarized view somewhat again to the way our Chief Investment Officer thinks about the portfolio. If you look at the portfolio as two broad asset classes, assets that are inherently fairly predictable, and those that are inherently fairly volatile. The fairly predictable class is comprised and available for sales fixed maturity securities, mortgages and other loans, and short-term investments, which totaled about $293 billion carrying value of assets or approximately 91% of the portfolio. The other $29 billion of carrying value assets are fairly volatile and are comprised the fair value option securities, hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and miscellaneous other investments. The fairly predictable assets provide about $12.5 billion of gross NII on an annual basis or about a 4.25% yield, whereas the fairly volatile assets have yielded NII of approximately 5.8% over the last five quarters or what you can see in this financial supplement ranging from about 2% to over 9%. Therefore, just using the last five quarters as a simple volatility measure, the NII from the fairly volatile assets could range from nearly $600 million to $2.6 billion annually. One must also reflect that there are annual investment expenses of roughly $450 million that must be netted against that. The volatility shown in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the first quarter of 2019 implies that an overreaction to the fourth quarter's lower net investment income wasn't warranted and neither is overreaction to the higher net investment income this quarter. It's nearly impossible to accurately forecast market performance over the balance of the year, and the simple framework we just provided shows the difficulty in predicting short-term market performance. It's also important to recall that in the fourth quarter, due to materiality, we recorded an $86 million pretax hedge to income associated with hedge funds and Japanese equity mark usually recorded on a one month lag. For the first quarter of 2019 forward we are now recognizing hedge funds without any lag at all. So the first quarter did indeed reflect a full three months of results and therefore all current and future hedge fund commentary will center on that quarter's activities rather than containing one month of the prior quarter. The only remaining lags investment recognition is for private equity holdings, which has a full one quarter lag. Nevertheless the fourth quarter lag results book entirely in AIG's first quarter contributed positive net investment income, highlighting AIG's positive selection benefit versus any broad applicable market index. Turning to General Insurance and as previously noted, the segment produced both the calendar quarter and accident quarter underwriting profit with an actual CAT ratio of 2.7% this first quarter versus 5.7% in the first quarter of 2018. The North America segment of general insurance produced a 98% accident quarter, excluding CATs combined ratio within North America commercial lines component producing a 96.4% accident quarter ex-CATs, which represents a 10.7 combined ratio point improvement over the first quarter of 2018. Although 1.8 points of this was due to expense ratio improvement, the 8.9 point of accident total loss ratio improvement can be largely attributed with the gross underwriting changes beginning to earn in along with the material reinsurance protection that Peter highlighted. The North American personalized operation worsened this quarter, primarily due to increased frequency in attritional loss ratio. The international segment of General Insurance produced a 94.5% accident quarter combine ratio ex-CATs versus 96.8 comparable ratios in the first quarter of 2018, both the commercial and the personalized segments contributed improvement predominantly on the expense ratio side. Looking at the quarter from an AAL prospective, the 2019 full year AAL is estimated to be 3.5%. And as Brian noted in his remarks, the combination of gross underwriting changes, most notably, the reduction in gross fire and associated parallel limits, along with purposeful reductions in exposures, was complimented while radically alter reinsurance program that provides critical and non critical CAT protection within many of the part restructures along with the CAT program that provides material vertical and horizontal, regional and global protection, which is also further enhance the specific carve out CAT programs for applying private client within United States. The combination of this front and backend actions has provided material volatility containment at all upper return period levels leading to a reduced AAL. My view of the first quarter's action year results is therefore a 99.6% combined ratio inclusive of AAL, and the 98.8% actual combined ratio inclusive of actual CATs. As a result, we will be speaking of CATs in the future only in terms of risk tolerance along with our measurement against that tolerance by various return periods and not focusing on AAL. Now shifting to the business mix in General Insurance. The overall quarter-over-quarter net written premium reduced by 2.3%, but some areas have large swings goes up and down that can be seen in the financial supplement. However at a high level and excluding the impact of Validus and Glatfelter and adjusting for the Fuji two month lag elimination in the first quarter of 2018, net written premiums decreased approximately 78% after additionally adjusting for foreign exchange. Approximately one third of this 17% reduction is associated with direct under writing action and about two thirds could be attributed to increase reinsurance premiums. We respect the general operating expenses for GOE, the reduction was $237 million quarter-over-quarter but adjusting for Validus and Glatfelter since neither was part of AIG in the first quarter of 2018. This represents, as Peter noted, a 240-basis-point improvement in the GOE ratio quarter-over-quarter. As we stated on previous calls, in General Insurance and across the company more broadly, we continued to undertake a comprehensive review of workflows and process improvement opportunities as well as overall expense levels. Turning to prior year development, the quarter saw $74 million of net favorable development, the 72 of this favorable development stemming from General Insurance, and $2 million favorable from the Legacy operations. There were no reserve deep dives into any specific lines of business this quarter, but the actual risk expected review was done comprehensively across all global operations. The result was that most areas had lost emergence either better or in lines of expectation. So no material reserve changes would be necessary. The $74 million in net favorable development is mostly driven by the amortization associated with the deferred gain of the adverse development cover, namely $58 million, and the remaining $68 million of General Insurance net favorable development was scattered across many lines and regions. Additionally, with the revised underwriting and low per risk attachment reinsurance strategy, our historical reporting on net severe loss is no longer makes sense. So from now on, we will be commenting on attritional and CAT losses only. Peter commented on General Insurance has achieved rate increases for the quarter. And I'd like to additionally point out that for North American commercial, in particular, the rate increases have been accelerating, and the March increase alone averaged over 7%, which is clearly an excess of loss trend, and thereby providing additional margin expansion. Similarly, our monitoring of portfolio composition clearly shows the superior rate advocacy of new business relative to that of lost business as well as improvements to the renewal books adequacy. These shifts and overall portfolio rate adequacies provide additional lift for continued improved performance. Turning to the Life and Retirement segment, adjusted pretax income of $924 million represents a $32 million increase over the first quarter of 2018 and a $301 million increase sequentially over the fourth quarter of 2018. These results, as Kevin mentioned, translates to a 15% annualized return on average attributed common equity for the quarter. All units reported increases in adjusted pretax income sequentially relative to the fourth quarter of last year. And this retirement has stronger investment income and positive net flows for the quarter, but with base net investment spreads that are expected to experience a downward breath as Kevin highlighted. Group Retirement's net flows were negative due to the slightly lower sequential premiums and deposits and sequentially higher surrenders and withdrawals. Group retirement business like others in the industry is exposed to client consolidation via mergers or by the reduction of providers offered implants. The quarter saw favorable results from life international operations and institutional markets for the second quarter in a row with successful in the pension risk transfer space. Turning to Legacy, adjusted pre-tax income was up $262 million sequentially to the fourth quarter of last year. But such comparisons are not overly meaningful given the nonrecurring loss recognition charge taken on certain cancer and disability A&H last quarter. However, the quarter's $89 million have adjusted after-tax income translates into a 4.4% annualized return on attributed common equity. But given that the quarter experienced the already discussed investment rebound as well, our view of a 2% to 3% return for the full 2019 year remains valid. As respect tax, the effective tax rate is 22.5% for the quarter, excluding discreet items, applicable to adjusted pretax income. Including discrete items, the tax rate was 22.9%. As you know the effective tax rate is updated each quarter using actual results to then supplement by reforecast to the remaining quarters, and as always the tax rate is heavily influenced this quarter by the geographic distribution of combine tax jurisdictions. Moving on to capital actions, we issued $1.1 billion of securities in the first quarter split between $600 million of tenure debt with a 4.25% coupon and $500 million of non cumulative proffered stock with a 5.85% dividend. We do not repurchase any shares in the quarter, so our afford authorization remains at $2 billion. With that I will turn it back over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Mark. I think we can go to questions and answers. So first question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question now comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question going back to some of your comments on this call and prior calls, made reference of all these underwriting changes and how they're beginning to earn in, I guess I would like to get a better sense of the forward momentum. I know on last quarter's call you guys had mentioned that the prior management teams go big strategy at AIG resulted in multi-year policies that are still on your books in 2019. So could you just give us a sense of the running of those policies and how that could benefit to incremental underlying margin improvement as we go through the balance of 2019 and into 2020.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, Elyse. Well, Peter, I think you should take this.
Peter Zaffino: Hey Elyse, thanks for the question. So we're a meaningful amount of long-term deals done in the core property book historically. And we had announced that we're changing underwriting guidelines that was something we do not want to do going forward. But as you mention, it takes little bit of time to earn out. So we should see a meaningful reduction in long-term deals by the back half of 2019. So I think as we -- back half of '19, as we enter 2020, we will have cut our long-term deals in half and will start to see the majority of the portfolio increasing in terms of just annual 12 month deals.
Elyse Greenspan: And then my second question, you guys referenced strong prices. It seems like you guys saw in March, really improving from the trend, I guess. Could you just give us a sense your forward view on pricing? And then as we think about pricing versus trend, can you give us -- help give us a sense of when that could really start to earn and be beneficial to the margins you saw in the first quarter?
Brian Duperreault: Yes, Im going to talk about a little bit about this, and let Peter about the pricing. So I just want to point out that this pricing is wanted, needed. The whole industry is recognizing that. In our own case, we had other things we had to do too. So there are more things going on and just getting price on the portfolio. And that is Peter said, the selection process getting the right risk on board positioning ourselves properly in their program at attachment point putting the right limit out et cetera. So a lot of that is causing the improvement around portfolio. Pricing is a component of it, an important component, but a component. Peter, do you want to go a little bit more into the pricing?
Peter Zaffino: Sure. I think we outline a lot of this in the prepared remarks. I think what's happening, which is a little bit different is that we're seeing it across the board. There is a multiple lines. I mean certainly property has underperformed the most. And so whether it's CAT capacity, attritional losses on how capacity has been deployed, we're seeing rate within the E&S as well as the admitted market. So that's, I think, it would be consistent throughout the rest of the year. We've seen it in financial lines. I think, as we can participate in many lines of business, and then in many parts of the program, we're seeing that momentum, as Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks, take up and margin and we would expect that to continue throughout the year. So it's a very orderly meeting. This is one that is not just spiking at one line. It's across multiple lines and in a lot of parts of the world. So I think this is something that hard to predict how long it lasts, but we're going to lead with, again, risk selection, but also making sure we're getting paid appropriately for the limits that we put out and the risk that we're underwriting.
Brian Duperreault: Yes. This pricing isn't just the first quarter phenomenon. It's been building through '18. And so it'll bleed in as earn these premiums. And as Mark pointed out, there seems to be some acceleration.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: So two questions. First, I think in the press release, Brian, you talked about an expectation that this year will be profitable on both from the calendar year and accident year basis? I was just curious is that with catastrophes your commentaries on?
Brian Duperreault: Well, with catastrophes, I can't tell you whether we're going to have a large catastrophe or a small catastrophe or, I mean, we have this thing called AAL, which I did insert into the number. And as we said, it's 3, 3.5. I don't really want to talk about it after that. So I mean, look, I think over a long period of time, there will be years where we have catastrophe years we don't, but on the average, we expect to make an underpinning profit. And I expect to make an underwriting profit this year. But I can't predict whether it's going to be a big CAT year or not. But I mean, on some kind of an average basis, certainly that is our belief, a very strong belief.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. So basically, this comment is without using AAL still seems some normalized catastrophe load?
Peter Zaffino: We already put AAL in. I mean, I said we put an AAL in the first quarter. And it was -- there were some tickets under 100.
Yaron Kinar: Right.
Peter Zaffino: You put an AAL and for the whole year, I'm saying, we believe it'll be under 100, but I can't tell you the actual CATs. That's that's my point.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Appreciated. And then, my second question is on NII. So Mark, if I do the math or the sum of the price that you laid out, I guess about $13.7 billion of NII for the year. And I think that's a little bit above the $13 billion guidance that measure previously offered. So how should we think of NII on a normalized basis from here?
Mark Lyons: Well, first off, some features would give you partial credit, and some features just a binary and say yes or no. So I'll give you partial credit on that. So you've reflected the $450 million of investment expenses and take gross to that, but you have to recognize that the original guidance of $13 billion did not include the re-class. And depending on whether you look at the last quarter whether re-class $116 million or you look at a longer period of time where it's closer to $150 million, which will be $600 million, I would get closer 13.2, 13.3, if thats helpful.
Yaron Kinar: Yes. But you also had a re-class of the equity per value adjustment rate. So 
Mark Lyons: That's right. $39 million in the quarter.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. So you got the 13.2, 13.3 with both re-classes.
Mark Lyons: Yes. If you reflect that, you will be approximately there. Next question please.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Paul Newsome: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about capital volatility just on a normalized basis. There has been so much change with your business mix and reinsurance in the light. And I guess I seriously think of insurance companies having their toughest CAT quarter in the third and second -- sort of the second worst may be first and second are about the same. You think that AIG is going to follow through the traditional pattern? Or with all these changes, do you think there will be a difference in your normal capital volatility quarter-to-quarter?
Brian Duperreault: I would love to give this to somebody else. So we will try to start with. And so I think, yes, there is an inherent seasonality to CATs because of the storm seasons, which are third and fourth quarter, equates can happen anytime. I mean, we've had weather in the first quarter was storm losses, winter storm losses et cetera. But yes, by enlarge, so we have the first half would be a little lighter than the second half thats just traditional. I dont think thats changing now, but I dont -- first lot of all, I don't know they want to talk about ALL than it were. But anyway, we think about it as an annual number because you really have to think about it at least on an annual basis. Peter, do you want to say something?
Peter Zaffino: There is one thing I would add Brian because the question was also around volatility and we use that word a lot in our scripts, but in addition to putting together much more comprehensive program and in addition to making it an aggregate, our standard deviation and expected volatility around our different return periods has decreased by 50%. So while it's not certain, the expected value around whether its ALLs or PMLs has reduced significantly in terms of what we think is going to happen. So that is something that through the entire reinsurance design had been very beneficial and gives us more confidence.
Brian Duperreault: And one thing I would add into that, because it's a good question, Paul, is in my prepared remarks I tried to show that the risk is also helpful in that regard. And the CAT programs that were put in place let alone the carveouts of DCG gives materially better vertical and horizontal protection regionally and globally. So I think that helps with the containment. And I would ask it to not forget one thing we talked about last quarter, which was the way the gross underwriting changes are in is because they started earlier, it gives one view, but the reinsurance mostly attached the latter half of 2018. So that was risk-attaching, some of that inures to the benefit of the CAT program, which is also occurring. But the point is we will get increasing protection in volatility reduction as we go from quarter to quarter to quarter in 2019.
Paul Newsome: And then any updates on the capital management thoughts. They weren't any buybacks this quarter, but you did raise some capital. I just want to see if there's any additional thoughts you got there?
Brian Duperreault: Look, we were largely blacked out first quarter. So at the end, because of those offerings you mentioned. So I think we continue to look at it. My philosophy hasn't changed. I think it's an appropriate capital management tool. And as we go through the year, we'll look at how we want to use that capital. And so no changes there. Next question please.
Operator: Certainly sir. This question is from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: I was interesting in understanding about the timing of the reinsurance purchasing for the remainder of the year. You have said about two-thirds of the reduction, I guess, was sum of AIG's and Validus' 1Q '18 premium year-over-year was related to reinsurance buying. Are you buying more reinsurance, which will have a similar effect in the quarters to come? Or the first quarter the big by quarter? And then how does that affect expense ratio as we go forward?
Brian Duperreault: Peter?
Peter Zaffino: We have the only probably material impact that we foresee as of now is how the sort of casualty quarter share will earn through the year for the U.S. That's a big session. And then one that just commenced on a risk attaching base from the first quarter. So that was the most material. I don't believe that we will see any other material purchases on property. So we've done a lot on the -- per risk, as Mark mentioned, on the aggregate. We have done some facultative purchasing to make sure that we take out the volatility of our long-term deals on property. And I don't think that as we look to the remaining part of the year, we have thought about the impact of reinsurance and do not believe it will impact our expense ratio as we get into the second and third quarters.
Brian Duperreault: Next question?
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Question for Peter and maybe Mark can help. But some of your reps, I know you're not disclosing those anymore. But could you give us some idea of how those ran here verses I think $125 million as expected level last year? And also, in terms of the GOE run rate, it was $839 this quarter in General Insurance which is down about $50 million from 4Q levels. Is that $839 million number a pretty good one to use over the remainder of the year, do you think?
Brian Duperreault: So let me comment on severes, and I will turn it over to Mark. But in the quarter, we had less gross activity than if you look that our multiple quarter average. But I think the bigger issue was just in terms of how we address the property for risk and buying down and taking out volatility in addition to one of the areas of our business, which had a little bit more frequency on severity. We ended up working through a quarter share to mitigate a lot in the volatility. So I think it was, one was the growth, but more importantly is what we've done to protect volatility through reinsurance. Mark, anything you want to add?
Mark Lyons: Yes, I would just say on this severes without getting into any specifics. It was a very late view of it, so it's, which is another reason. But with the front end underwriting changes, Peter talked about the reinsurance stages again, but there was nothing adverse and severes.
Brian Duperreault: Do you want to comment on the GOE?
Mark Lyons: The GOE, because the $839 million you are quoting incorporates Validus, so we intent to do quarter-over-quarter that excellent to that to get apples to apples. So it's probably a more realistic way, but I think you should be thinking more in terms of ratio rather than on the dollar sense. We have had two consecutive quarters of GOE being 12.5% around premium. And that can move a little bit as a function of miscellaneous items and accounting that could affect our premium and things like that. But that's probably the preferred way to look at.
Ryan Tunis: And I just had a follow-up on, I mean, we should on CAT volatility. But curious on how you guys are thinking about volatility within the attritional loss ratio. So if you have a view of what the central tendency is, let's say 631 you think is a good run rate. How many points away from that is you think one synergy could easily be explained by adverse luck. Is it one point now? Is it two points, because companies like Travelers were used to being less than a point for quarter can be just explained by adverse activity. Are we at that point yet or could we still see two to three points swing is also what you think really running at?
Brian Duperreault: I think it's Mark.
Mark Lyons: So couple of thoughts come to mind. One is that, one, I don't want to look at it that way. I can go back. But we have a massively diverse global geographic presence and different characteristics. As a company you mentioned is much more of a frequency driven company, and therefore more predicted. We have a lot of -- we're changing that mix next to be much more mid and smaller, but in-force book still has a lot of severity characteristics both frequency and high severity characteristics. So I would say there is the fair amount. The reinsurance is going to contain that because you asked a net loss ratio question. So it's going to contain that more, but I would expect it to be wider than Travelers.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Next question?
Operator: Next question is from Andrew Kligerman from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Just want to follow-up on Paul's question about the buybacks and understand you're in blackout period. But given your debt to capital is pretty close to 30%. Is it fair to assume that you probably don't want to do much by way of buybacks for the balance of the year?
Brian Duperreault: I dont want to predict anything here. Do I want to, don't I want to. I mean, I think we have both do it quarter-by-quarter and really understand uses of that capital? So we have a buyback authorization in place continues to be there to be used. I dont want to commenting more than that.
Andrew Kligerman: All right. And then just with regard to the personal line. So I know Mark earlier was talking about two third of the normal -- when you take out the acquisitions et cetera, net written premium was down 17%, two thirds due to the reinsurance. And now just looking at the personal line, North America down 6%, international down 12%, could you give us a sense of what the reinsurance component of that decline was? And also you mentioned in the release A&H premiums were lower. Is there some competitive situation going on with that that's putting pressure on A&H?
Brian Duperreault: Peter?
Peter Zaffino: So on the Personal Insurance in the United States, our travel book, our warranty book came in exactly where we had thought it would in terms of a combined ratio for the quarter. So we're really talking more about the high net worth book. And looking at the composition of that book, we not only had that contribute from the sort of global aggregate where we lowered our attachment point, we also bought more per risk. We also bought Asia-Pacific CAT program that has different attachment points depending on peak zones for our high network book that we think will dampen volatility, and also allow us as we want to reposition in certain peak zones. The portfolio and accelerate our underwriting, we just hired a terrific individual in capital Kathleen Zortman who has decades of experience in driving high net worth portfolios, who is really excited. She's joining us. And that will happen in the second quarter. And we'll begin to accelerate like we have on other portions of the portfolio, and an improvement in terms of its footprint. And the reinsurance is, I think, very responsible. And it will respond well throughout the year depending on what will happen in terms of CATs.
Andrew Kligerman: And so the question was 
Peter Zaffino: And then something on the A&H, it's not -- we should not bring anything on A&H. It's a terrific portfolio, performs very well in terms of its combined ratio. And it's an area where Brian and I very much want to grow our book, and we should take a longer term view, but it's an area where we think will have growth over the long term.
Brian Duperreault: And we've been so far. And we just 
Peter Zaffino: We just have named a global leader Ed Levin. And so he joined us. And we have the strategy in place and beginning to accelerate our growth. It'll take some time. But, we really excited about that portfolio. I wanted to come in for us long term.
Brian Duperreault: Sort of one last question, and then we'll wrap it up. So operator, the last question, please.
Operator: Certainly. And this comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks. First question on P&C. You had big growth in specialty risk in terms of net premium written just curious what kind of combined ratio that's being booked at? Is that going to add meaningfully to underwriting improvement as that earns in? And can you just provide a little color what -- kind of what drove that significant growth?
Brian Duperreault: It was mostly the acquisition. We had Talbot and CRS, which is the crop. And so that's in the specialty classes. Now look at Talbot is a terrific syndicate and has very balanced portfolio with marine, specialty classes, including energy, political risk and political violence. And we've been working very hard to determine what's going to fit within AIG, what's going to fit within the syndicate. And do believe that that business will perform well over the short, medium and long term and will contribute like Validus to our overall improvement in combined ratio. But it's very good, and on a calendar year basis performed on quite well in the quarter.
Tom Gallagher: And then just a follow-up on net investment income, Mark, I was following the stable asset class returns versus the more volatile ones. And just looking at the $29 billion that you characterized as more volatile, if I'm looking at your guide for full year NII, I think that only would imply something like a 3% return on that $29 billion carrying value portfolio. And you have, I think plenty of higher returning asset classes in their like private equity in the like. First off is that right? And secondly does that imply your $13.2 billion NII guidance just conservatively assuming returns on that portfolio. Can you provide some color on that? Thanks.
Brian Duperreault: First off the Tom, the first question would be what period of time should you assess volatility. I purposely look this something that work for this since up, which was current in four prior quarters or five quarters. That particular one average 5.8% over that period of the swing of 2% to 9% that shows you some of that volatility. So thats implying like another $1.7 billion on 5.8% basis, which to the $12.5 billion takes you $14.2 billion. You have to take out to $450 million annually for investment expenses, and then the re-class impact that wouldnt have been in there in the original guidance for $13 billion even. And that composite gets you down to the $13.2 billion to $13.3 billion. But I think what question you have to answer for yourself is what's the proper volatility measurement I just gave you an example of what.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you everybody.
Brian Duperreault: So before we end the call I want to thank everyone who is dialed in, to your remarks. Im approaching my two year anniversary at AIG, and I couldnt be proud of what we're accomplishing at this great company. And Im grateful for the tremendous support we're receiving across the industry. And I want to thank all our colleagues at AIG for their hard work, dedication and resiliency. We still have a lot of work ahead of this. But our first quarter results demonstrate that we're on the right path. So thank you very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that's now concluded today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIGs Fourth Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Liz Werner: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first, second and third quarter 2018 Form 10-Q and our 2017 Form 10-K under Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for todays presentation and in our financial supplement, which are both available on our website. This morning, you will have the opportunity to hear from members of senior management, including CEO, Brian Duperreault; CFO, Mark Lyons; the CEO of General Insurance, Peter Zaffino; and the CEO of Life and Retirement, Kevin Hogan. Joining us on the room are others in senior management, including our Chief Investment Officer, Doug Dachille. This morning, well allow a few extra minutes at the end of the prepared remarks for Q&A. Well continue to follow the same format of asking one question and one follow-up and ask that you then get back into queue for additional questions. Thank you. And with that, Id like to turn it over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. In addition to reviewing our 2018 fourth quarter and full year financial results, Ive planned to spend a good part of my remarks, reflecting on my first full year as CEO of AIG. Throughout 2018, we uncovered many issues and challenges and took actions on a number of fronts to lay the foundation for long term sustainable and profitable growth. We reorganized and repositioned our businesses, significantly reducing risk and volatility, recruited industry leading talent and fostered a culture of underwriting excellence and accountability. The problems at AIG were deeper and more pervasive than I originally anticipated, but we have put the right people and the right strategies in place that will allow us to accelerate our progress in 2019. As Mark will discuss in more detail, our fourth quarter results were significantly impacted by a decrease in net investment income, due to volatility in both equity and credit markets, particularly in the latter part of December, which impacted the operating results across our businesses. Our results were also impacted by cats, however, these losses came within our previously disclosed range. In addition, we reported 365 million of unfavorable prior year loss reserve development, driven mostly by underwriting decisions from 2016 and prior years. We are pleased that the fourth quarter also showed positive improvements in general insurance, reflecting actions we took in 2018 that demonstrate that we are on the right path to restoring this business to profitability. For example, the accident year combined ratio ex-cats for the fourth quarter was 98.8%, a 140 basis point improvement over the fourth quarter of 2017, largely driven by an improved loss ratio of 63.9%. The expense ratio of 34.9% was 90 basis points better than the third quarter of 2018 and we continue to work on reducing our overall expense base. The foundational work we did over the course of 2018, particularly in general insurance has positioned us well for the future and we are reaffirming the guidance we gave in mid-December, including achieving a double digit ROE, excluding AOCI and DTA in the next three years as well as a combined ratio including AALs and general insurance below 100 in 2019. To be clear, a combined ratio below 100 is an inflection point. It is by no means where we expect to be longer term. The crossing over into profitability for the first time in over a decade is an important milestone we will achieve in repositioning AIG for the future. Now, I want to step back to when I joined AIG in mid-2017. One of the first things I did was suspend guidance. I know that made it difficult for all of you to recalibrate your models and predict our earnings, but I had to do it because I knew I needed time to get a handle on the issues at the company before I could speak confidently about its future performance. So let me give you some insight into what I learned and more importantly what we've been doing about it, what we discovered. I knew coming into the job that the organizational structure of the company and the split between commercial and consumer was different from our peers. In September 2017, I announced the reorganization of our business units to create general insurance and life and retirement and made investments a separate business unit. I also restored greater accountability within the leadership team for business performance. It was also clear to me that AIG experienced a major talent drain, dating back to the financial crises, but more acutely in recent years. I knew I needed to bring in the best people in the industry to help me fully understand the extent of the company's issues and fix them. Shortly after my arrival, I added several new members to my leadership team, including my first hire, Peter Zaffino who joined as AIGs Global Chief Operating Officer and later in 2017 also took on the additional role of CEO of the newly constituted General Insurance business unit. The caliber of people who joined AIG over the last 18 months has been a significant highlight and exceeded my expectations. The combination of AIG's iconic status coupled with a professional and intellectual challenge this turnaround provides is a compelling proposition and I am incredibly pleased that so many want to be part of it. And great talent attracts more great talent. We continue to fill key positions with a combination of elevating internal talent and recruiting new hires, all of whom have proven track records of success and are committed to our mission and are energized by what the future holds for AIG. I also needed to make sure our people were focused on the right issues. By the fall of 2017, we shifted the company's focus from principally capital management back to insurance fundamentals. This shift in focus allowed us to concentrate on uncovering the underlying issues in our core insurance operations that have contributed to the unpredictability and volatility in AIG's financial results. Our main priority in 2018 was to return general insurance to profitability as soon as possible and restore its position as an industry leader. We knew that any remediation efforts would need to be concentrated on critical foundational elements of insurance. With Tom Bolts arrival in January 2018, Tom and Peter moved quickly to overhaul our risk appetite and redesigned our underwriting philosophy. Not only have we made significant progress in that regard, but the discipline now being applied through revised underwriting guidelines for every underwriter in the world along with new assessment tools allows us to better measure our underwriting performance. In addition, our [limit] [ph] management coupled with improved underwriting discipline has helped us overall our reinsurance program, which had been deemphasized. The support we are receiving from broker and reinsurance partners and feedback regarding the changes we are making to our underwriting standards provides independent validation and endorsement of the actions we are taking and the strategy that we've laid out for the future. As additional industry veterans stepped into key positions and focused on fixing the fundamentals, we discovered issues and unintended consequences of prior strategies, particularly as a result of what was referred to as the Go Large strategy. This approach to the market created outsized risk and volatility for AIG. By expanding its risk appetite to encompass very large limits on a gross and net basis, AIG added significant risk to its earnings pattern and balance sheet. Additionally, certain of these issues were exacerbated by risks being written on a multi-year basis and record cat losses and 30 billion in stock buybacks, which reduced AIGs capital, making the outsized limits more risky. Another example of an unexpected trouble area that started to emerge in early 2018 but really manifested itself in the second half of the year is personal insurance, particularly our private client group, PCG. Problem areas that were discovered included geographic zones with disproportionately large and dense accumulations of total insured values in cat prone areas and inadequate pricing of the book. As these and other issues in PCG emerged, we quickly began to reposition the portfolio as well as reduce risk and volatility. In 2019, we will continue to work to reduce aggregate exposures and rightsize risks in this business, but it will take some time to fully execute on our ongoing remediation plan. We also brought focus and clarity at mission to various businesses, such as [indiscernible] Lexington, again adding world class talent in leadership positions. I could go on at length with other examples because with very few exceptions, almost every business suffered from underperformance and while I had some understanding of the Go Large strategy before I arrived at AIG, I had not appreciated the extent of the issues it created or that it had been deployed throughout the company. The prior strategies coupled with the loss of underwriting discipline helps to explain the magnitude of the PYD recorded over the last few years. I do want to emphasize that our team has been digging into every aspect of general insurance and it has made significant progress on transforming the business. Peter is going to give you more detail on what we accomplished in general insurance in year one, which you will see is both impressive and more importantly, sustainable. While Ive spent most of the past few quarters speaking about general insurance, I've also been focused on our life and retirement business. Life and retirement has been stable considering almost five years of a low rate environment combined with uncertainty related to rule making on best interest and suitability standards. It has delivered consistent low to middle double digit ROE, including in 2018. However, like the rest of AIG, this business suffered from inadequate investment in developing technologies, which is critical for a business expected to deliver a high standard of care. Kevin will go into more detail about the actions we are taking in this business. We've also made progress in legacy by moving most of our run-off portfolios into a new entity, Fortitude Re, bring up management to concentrate on our in-force business. We continued to receive a significant amount of investor interest in this business, since we announced the sale of a minority interest to Carlyle and are focused on fully de-consolidating this business, while ensuring we meet our commitments to our policyholders and regulators. In 2018, we also completed acquisitions, including Validus and Glatfelter which deepened our talent bench and will help to accelerate improvements in our core underwriting fundamentals. In addition, we repurchased $1.8 billion of shares and warrants over the course of the year, including 750 million in the fourth quarter. We also announced last night that AIGs Board of Directors has approved an increase in our share repurchase authorization to $2 billion, including the 512 million that was remaining under the previous authorization. I've done turn around work throughout my career and remain committed to completing this one. As I said earlier, I am more confident today than I was a year ago that AIG is on the right path. We continue to focus on making sustainable changes that will yield long term profitable results, which means we are not taking shortcuts, were settling on easy fixes. Instead, we are doing this the right way. We have the best talent in the insurance industry at AIG, we have the right strategies in place and we will restore AIG as a leading insurance company in the world. Ill now turn the call over to Mark who will then be followed by Peter and Kevin.
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Brian and good morning, all. This morning, Ive planned to go over the key financial impacts for the quarter as well as an actuarial discussion around prior year loss reserve development. I'll begin with some of the largest or in some cases, most notable financial impacts occurred, namely investments in legacy, then turn to general insurance and life and retirement. Despite volatile financial markets and their impact on investment returns and by consequence business segment results, there are clear green shoots that bode well for the future and I will highlight them as well. Turning to slide 4, on December 5, AIG provide some guidance at the Goldman Sachs Conference in New York and I'll now provide some color on the actual variances from that guidance. Consensus fourth quarter adjusted after tax earnings per share was $0.42, post the Goldman Conference whereas AIG reported a $0.63 per share adjusted after-tax loss, representing a $1.05 variance. All per share variances comments that I will make will be utilizing the consensus tax rate of 25.4%. This permits each variance discussed to be a pure impact without any tax interaction. Instead, I will isolate the pure tax impact for consensus separately later in these comments. So, the major items comprising $1.05 per share variance are as follows. First, a $0.38 per share difference associated with capital markets volatility and by this we mean, net investment income differences for general insurance and legacy and differences above credit and interest for life and retirement, along with policyholder and advisor fee reductions, net of associated offsets like DAC and advisory fee expenses. Included within this is an $86 million pretax impact or $0.07 per share after tax impact associated with hedge funds and Japanese equity marks, usually recorded on a one month lag that were recognized in the fourth quarter due to materiality. Secondly, since the loss reserve reviews at the time of the Goldman conference were still underway, it was December 5, we gave no explicit guidance other than to indicate that we preliminary saw no major issues at that time. Having said that, the consensus estimate of prior year reserve development seemed to only reflect the amortization associated with the adverse following cover. As we will explore in more depth later in my comments, AIG reported 365 million of pre-tax net unfavorable development, so the variance from post guidance consensus was $26 per share. Thirdly and fourthly, legacy represents $0.17 per share variance and general insurances accident year underwriting income represents $0.08 per share variance, both of which we will delve into during these remarks. Now, the pure tax difference between consensus and actual represents $0.05 per share. Therefore, the remaining $0.11 per share is a combination of corporate operations and miscellaneous items. Now shifting gears to slide 5 into investor results, as you are all aware and as Brian mentioned, the fourth quarter saw significant volatility in both equity and credit markets. Consequently, net investment income for the quarter across all segments on an adjusted pre-tax income basis was 2.8 billion compared to 3.4 billion in the fourth quarter of last year, and 3.4 million sequentially in the third quarter of 2018. This net investment income pretax reduction of 600 million was driven by an approximate $300 million decline in the quarter from hedge funds and roughly 120 million quarter decline in equities, acknowledging that some of the hedge fund declines stems from targeted redemptions. These reductions were partially offset by positive returns, primarily in private equity and were aided by the balance of relatively flat level of interest income from non-FVO fixed income securities. With respect to hedge funds, this has been a profitable asset class historically and this quarter was the first loss since the first quarter of 2016. The biggest financial recognition from the widening credit spreads however was reflected in equity as approximately 1.1 billion of realized pretax OCI losses, relative to a fixed income carrying value of about 230 billion. As for the impact on segment reporting, due to differing asset composition, the impact was not felt proportionately across the various segments with general insurance and legacy taking the brunt of the market downturn impact, general insurance net investment income for example declined 510 million, relative to the fourth quarter of 2017. Moving on to legacy on slide 6, the fourth quarter adjusted pretax income/loss of 150 million was driven by 105 million pretax charge or $0.13 a share after tax, resulting from loss recognition testing on certain A&H cancer and disability blocks within the legacy life and retirement subset run off lines, with an $83 million sequential decline of net investment income, primarily due to hedge fund declines, relative to sequentially last quarter. General insurance component of the legacy runoff was also negatively affected by an increase to underwritten premium reserves related to the earnings pattern of certain environmental and cost containment policies, amounting to roughly 50 million pretax, which we will earn through in future periods. Turning to General Insurance on Slide 7. The accident quarter combined ratio ex-cats for the fourth quarter of 2018 was 98.8%, which represents 140 basis point improvement over the corresponding quarter of 2017, virtually all driven by an improved loss ratio of 63.9%, also much. The expense ratio of 34.9% is 10 basis points lower than the fourth quarter of 2017 and 90 points better sequentially. Expense ratio reduction was a key objective that management previously identified and the material progress made on this objective is worth commenting on further. Moving to slide 8, there has been a 260 basis point improvement in the GOE component of the expense ratio, moving from 15.1% in the fourth quarter of 2017 down to 12.5% in the fourth quarter of 2018. On an apples-to-apples basis, excluding Validus and Glatfelter that were acquired during the year, the dollar reduction is nearly 16% or $152 million. Although net earned premiums increased approximately 4%, the GOE ratio would have reduced 240 basis points, even if the premiums were flat, relative to the fourth quarter of 2017. Before moving on to the acquisition ratio component of the expense ratio, it's important to note that the GOE ratio improvement emanates from all areas of the general insurance operation, including North America and international, commercial and personal line and furthermore, it declined even with the broad amount of talent brought into the organization throughout 2018. Now, the acquisition ratio had a nearly offsetting quarter-over-quarter increase of 250 basis points, driven primarily by a few high acquisition ratio transactions within our personal lines travel units, mostly domestically. The travel transactions come with a lower loss ratio expectation, which has contributed to the 130 basis point reduced accident quarter loss ratio referred to earlier. The loss ratio also approved due to a materially better international commercial loss ratio quarter-over-quarter of about 1500 basis points. Now, this segment represents about 25% of the worldwide general insurance net earned premiums, so it influences material. The fourth quarter of last year reflected severe loss activity, but even adjusting for this, the international commercial accident quarter loss ratio, excluding cats, still improved materially quarter-over-quarter. Lastly, there's been a lot of focus on 2018s catastrophe losses this year, largely within our various personal lines operations that masks the improvement made within the North American commercial segment, which historically has been a recurring pain point. The North America commercial accident quarter combined ratios ex-cats for the last two quarters have been 99% and 102.2% respectively. On an absolute basis, they need to improve, but the underwriting actions and reinsurance protections implemented during 2018 are expected to reduce them further going forward. Most importantly, these commercial -- these North American commercial accident quarter ex-cat loss ratios are materially lower when compared to those in the first half of 2018, largely due to the decreasing influence of the prior managements Go Large underwriting approach, which produced significant quarterly volatility. That influence has been decreasing but is not quite yet fully implemented due to multi-year policies that were bound in 2017 and prior in conjunction with those large limits. Now, turning to catastrophe losses for the quarter, the company recorded 798 million, including legacy for the quarter, which is in line with the guidance previously provided. General insurance recorded 826 million of 2018 event catastrophic losses split as follows. 520 million into North America, 116 million internationally and 190 million from Validus. Hurricane Michael remains within the guidance range previously provided and together with the California Woolsey wildfire event constitutes the vast majority of the quarters cat losses. Severe losses for the quarter at 1.3% of net earned premium represents the lowest severe ratio quarter of 2018, and further evidences the continuing favorable impact of underwriting and reinsurance actions that have taken place to reduce limits employed within our various property and energy areas. Moving on to slide 9, the fourth quarter reserve review focused primarily on the remaining 25% of the reserves not yet examined in the third quarter. These areas were US financial lines, worker's compensation buffer excess policies, international casualty and financial lines other than the UK and Europe and personal lines exposures. Net prior year development ignoring associated premium adjustments, was unfavorable by 365 million for the quarter, which includes legacy within this discussion or $0.31 per share after tax. Unpacking that for you and referencing slide 10, the PYD was unfavorable by 445 million on a pre-ADC basis, 422 million on a post-ADC basis and 365 million quoted earlier, which is net of 57 million of ADC amortization. On a pre ADC basis, US financial lines accounted for 362 million of net unfavorable development, emanating from our primary D&O facilities, employment practice liability insurance, mostly in the private not-for-profit segment and excess D&O. This was partially offset by 60 million of favorable development, emanating from various professional E&O exposures. International financial lines also experienced some unfavorable development of $87 million, but this emanated from independent large claims from various countries around the globe. Therefore, as you can see, worldwide financial lines accounted for 389 million of unfavorable development, which really means that all the balance of the other lines had a combined unfavorable development of only 55 million, most of which stem from an overall ULAE reserve strength and the adjustment. Now, I want to address the key differences I see it between this prior year development and the current accident year. The reserve strengthening in US financial lines centered primarily in the 2016 and 2017 accident years, which are not subject to the ADC, as can be evidenced by the small 23 million ADC recovery this quarter. More importantly, the issues in these years stem from an influx of security class action claims, mostly impacting our primary D&O operations in those same two accident years. The frequency of these claims reduced in our book from 2016 to 2017 and more dramatically so from 2017 to 2018, reflecting a concerted underwriting effort to reduce writing primary IPOs and primary life science and healthcare risks, along with an approximate one-third reduction in total gross limits across various primary D&O units. Additionally, in the private D&O sector, bankruptcies also fell off dramatically from 2016 through 2018. As a result of these actions and observations, I view the issues as being largely limited to the 2016 and 2017 accident years and having no material roll forward impact on accident year 2018. I have now reviewed all the worldwide general insurance loss reserves and feel that AIG is within a reasonable range, which dovetails with the opinion of our outside actuarial consultants for the group of segments that they have in the penalty review. The ADC, as of 12/31/2018 has approximately 7.6 billion of limit remaining at the 100% level and given the 80% session, has nearly 6.1 billion of remaining limits still available to AIG. During 2019, we will be working to have a more expansive view of reserves each quarter rather than focusing -- mostly focusing on pre-determined schedule lines of business. This should help reduce volatility and provide interim views of any trends that may be arising throughout the year. Given the earlier discussion on investment performance, let's now turn to the life and retirement segment. The L&R segment recorded 623 million of adjusted pretax income, which represents a $90 million reduction sequentially from last quarter and there are many drivers of the sequential difference and Kevin Holden will discuss both the quarter and the year in detail during his comments. Although the L&R segments fixed income was largely stable, the results reflect the impacts of the December equity market decline and widening credit spreads on certain assets, affecting net spreads, fee income and amortization which Kevin will also go into. Sequentially however, including the impact of the annual subs review, actuarial assumption review, independent retirement was down 66 million of adjusted pretax income, group retirement was down 83 million, institutional markets by 12 million, while life insurance was up 71 million sequentially. As respect to tax, we finished the year at a 24.9% effective tax rate, excluding discrete items or ETR on adjusted pretax income. As you know, the ETR is updated each quarter using actual results than supplemented by re-forecast of the remaining quarters. The fourth quarter incremental tax rate, inclusive of discrete items, was 18.5%. Moving on to capital management, we repurchased 745 million of our stock during the quarter at $41.22 per share, along with another 5 million of warrants. The shares outstanding, as of 12/31/2018 for book value per share purposes is approximately 867 million, whereas the average diluted shares outstanding used for EPS purposes is approximately 888 million shares. As Brian already commented, we secured a board share repurchase authorization that now puts the available amount at $2 billion. Book value per share and adjusted book value per share, excluding OCI and DTA was $65.04 and $54.95 respectively, which represent reductions of 1.8% and 1.1% relative sequentially to 09/30/2018. Our total capital at 12/31/2018 stands at 81 billion, comprises 71% equity inclusive of OCI and DTA, 2% hybrids and 27% debt, which is up from last year end, primarily as a result of the Validus acquisition. After the first quarter, we expect to begin discussing a more industry consistent view towards PML that centers around measurements against our established risk tolerance and a stated return level rather than discussing AAL, which is merely an expected value. More importantly, we consider catastrophic risk to be primarily a balance sheet issue rather than the income statement view that AAL provides. Given the way underwriting and reinsurance actions burn into calendar quarter results, we expect net improvements in cat exposure and overall results, as we cascade throughout the year. Finally, with now two months under my belt as CFO, Im very appreciative of the support I've received from all my colleagues and Im extremely excited to see and have committed to reap the fruits of our hard labor in 2019. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you and good morning. Since Mark provided a detailed financial information for general insurance, I will expand on Brian's prepared remarks and highlight some of our more significant accomplishments in 2018. This will include inside on the progress we have made to overhaul our core underwriting capabilities and reinsurance program. I will then give a brief overview of market conditions and summarize our view, entering 2019. As Brian noted, a significant amount of foundational work was completed in 2018, as we repositioned general insurance and worked towards creating a culture of underwriting excellence. Our principal focus was to outline a new underwriting risk appetite, improve underwriting capabilities and create business units that can positively distinguish themselves in the market. Key components of this work included a rigorous review of the entire portfolio, an aggressive limit reduction effort and embedding an enhanced governance and control framework. Detailed portfolio reviews uncovered significant complexity and exposures, resulting from the prior large limit deployment strategy that made AIG an outlier in the industry. I'd like to provide you with more detail on our key areas of focus. First, with respect to the general insurance organizational structure, we established or reestablished numerous business units, focused on the strategic positioning for each business within the portfolio and empowered our leaders with end to end accountability to drive results. We also filled critical positions, including Chief Underwriting Officer, Chief Actuary, Head of International, Head of Claims and the CEO of Lexington. Our new leadership team is working to lead the company closer together and we're building a strong bench to execute on improving our underwriting performance. The new organizational structure was designed to better position us to serve our brokers and clients and allowed us to outline a more coherent risk appetite and underwriting strategy. Throughout 2018, we prioritized the reduction of gross and net limits to reduce risk and volatility in our portfolio. Let me provide a few examples. In property, gross limits deployed in the field were reduced from 2.5 billion to 750 million. Net limits were reduced from 611 million at the end of 2017 to a range of 5 million to 50 million as we entered 2019, depending on the nature of the business. In casualty, gross limits were reduced from 250 million to 100 million and net limits were reduced significantly. I will provide more detail when I discuss 2019 reinsurance. Primary D&O gross limits at January 1, 2018 were reduced by over $8 billion in the aggregate throughout the year. In our Caribbean business, we moved away from PML and instead shifted to managing our exposures using PIV. And on this basis, reduced gross limits over 50% and reduced net exposure by over 75%, again through aggressive limit management and thoughtful execution on reinsurance. With respect to Lexington, our new leadership team led by Dave McElroy shifted its focus to the E&S market and reduced maximum property limit deployment from 2.5 billion to approximately 100 million. In 2019, we will continue to shift the property and casualty lines to have greater balance in risk selection, account size, attachment points and geographic spread. Our program business had combined ratios well north of 100% and we've eliminated 20 programs that no longer fit our risk appetite or did not meet profitability thresholds. We are committed to maintaining the programs business and in the second half of 2018 acquired Glatfelter, a company with talented leadership and a deep bench, a long track record of profitability, investing class underwriting, technology and systems capabilities. Our progress and achievements from a risk management and underwriting perspective have already improved our portfolio and have been critical to our ability to execute on our reinsurance strategy. Taking a step back, our work relating to reinsurance started in late 2017 when we quickly evaluated the legacy reinsurance strategy and discovered it had a large -- had largely been based on an assessment of capital benefits. We found that the reinsurance programs had substantial shortcomings when it came to relevance and support in the prior Go Large underwriting strategy and managing volatility across return periods. Those programs did not adequately protect against tail risk limits. Our approach to reinsurance has dramatically shifted in line with our belief that there is strategic value in utilizing reinsurance to strengthen and enhance our portfolio, ensure a balanced book of business with appropriate management of net volatility and protect against extreme risk events. Heading into January 2018, we made initial decisions to reduce the significant net risk in the portfolio. This was most notable in the North American catastrophe tree, which provided us with meaningful recoveries in the second half of the year. Throughout 2018, we undertook a much deeper review of all treaties and identified additional notable gaps. The new general insurance reinsurance team worked with our reinsurance partners and outlined a revised and more sophisticated approach to underwriting, while designing a global reinsurance program for the January 2019 renewal season. This past renewal season was challenging and complicated by the following. The increased frequency of catastrophes over the last couple of years reduced supply in the retro market and market contraction in the ILS market and seeded losses to our reinsurance partners in late 2018. Having said that, we were extremely pleased with the outcome and with the strong support we received from the reinsurance market. We believe the strong support provides independent validation of the progress we're making to enhance our core underwriting capabilities and is evidence of the confidence the industry has in this leadership team and its ability to execute on the turnaround taking place at AIG. A lot have been said and written about our reinsurance programs, so I'd like to give you more detail on what we've achieved. AIGs legacy property per risk coverage was developed to support gross limits and property coverage of up to 2.5 billion. In light of our underwriting actions in 2018 to reduce gross limits, we were able to redesign this aspect of our reinsurance program and purchased at lower attach rates. This new property per risk reinsurance dovetails with the continued re-underwriting of our overall portfolio and reduces volatility across our worldwide property business with the per risk attachment points now having a net retention of between 5 million and 50 million, depending on the class and location of the risk. With respect to property catastrophe, we now have a worldwide occurrence and aggregate covers reducing risk for both our North American and international businesses. Overall, we have reduced the model standard deviation of our property portfolio by 40% and have put in place programs that provide capital and earnings volatility protection. For example, we reduced the modeled volatility on the worldwide all perils of currency exceeding probability by approximately 75% in the one in 100 return period. Since 2017, the one in 100 US hurricane occurrence exceeding probability has reduced by 45% on a net basis, excluding Validus and in 2019, our models expected worldwide all peril one in 100 occurrence exceeding probability decrease in excess of 15% and that includes Validus. Recent enhancements to the worldwide catastrophe program resulted in significantly reduced Japanese net exposures, which contributed towards the purchase of one combined commercial and personal lines Japanese tower. In addition, we have much lower attachment points on our global catastrophe treaties, particularly in international and personal insurance. Attachment points for international catastrophe outside of Japan range from 50 million to 75 million. In addition, we recently completed the purchase of a 275 million cap cover design specifically for our personalized business in the US, which provides additional coverage with variable attachment points in peak zones ranging from 40 million to 170 million. We also made substantial enhancements to our casualties programs. This included expanding the international 75 million excess of 25 million, excess of loss program to North America, which is now a global program and adding a new 50% quota share for the first 25 million for our US primary and excess casualty lines. Together, these treaties reduce our net limits in US casualty on a risk attaching basis and contribute to a rebalancing of our overall net portfolio. Before concluding, I also want to provide an update on market conditions in the 4th quarter of 2018. On a global basis, General Insurance achieved a weighted average 4% rate increase, both in North America and in international. Rate increases were higher in certain lines of business, such as North America primary public D&O, which achieved low double digit rate increases. Commercial auto, which also experienced rate increases in the low double digits. US excess casualty, which achieved double digit rate increases in most units and commercial property, which saw mid-single digit increases. In international, Asia Pacific achieved approximately 3% rate increases led by property and financial lines, which achieved a mid-single digit increases. UK and Europe also achieved roughly 3% rate increases, led by motor business, which achieved upper single digit increases and D&O which achieved mid-single digit increases. While rate is an important area of focus for us, the work we're doing to improve risk selection in our core underwriting capabilities as well as the overall repositioning of our portfolio will be the primary drivers of our future performance and profitability. As Brian noted, 2018 was a year of heavy lifting. While a tremendous amount of foundational work was done, we still have more work to do. The general insurance leadership team is fully committed and aligned with our strategic direction. We continue to be laser focused on repositioning our portfolio, instilling underwriting discipline across general insurance, improving profitability and continuing to evolve our reinsurance program. In addition, examining our expense base to identify additional efficiencies and cost savings opportunities remains a priority. We continue to expect that these actions together with benefits from the acquisitions of Validus and Glatfelter will allow us to achieve an underwriting profit in general insurance in 2019. We have momentum, a clear vision for the future, an improved risk profile and a culture that is evolving in general insurance into a business that strives for underwriting excellence. I'm proud of what our colleagues around the world accomplished in 2018 and I'm confident we're well positioned to continue our journey. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, Peter and good morning, everyone. As you can see on slide 12, life and retirement recorded full year adjusted ROE of 12.6%, consistent with our long term expectations. The year-over-year change from the annual actuarial assumption update unfavorably impacted ROE by 156 basis points, which was more than offset by the favorable impact of tax reform and reductions in attributed equity consistent with our ongoing de-risking. Adjusted pretax income of 3.19 billion represents a $641 million reduction from the prior year. The primary drivers of the year-over-year difference were the annual actuarial assumption update, which accounted for 382 million of the decrease, lower returns on fair value option securities of 114 million, higher deferred acquisition cost amortization of 31 million, higher new business expenses of 33 million, 17 million for modernization investments and 39 million for miscellaneous other items that lowered 2017 expenses. Looking ahead to earnings in 2019, having largely completed our portfolio repositioning, we expect adjusted pretax income to be essentially flat with full year 2018 with a consistent adjusted ROE. These expectations assume a modest improvement in equity markets from year end. In addition, absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, our current expectation is that base net spreads will decline by approximately 0 to 2 basis points per quarter at least through 2019. We also expect lower yield enhancements as interest rates rise. Our 2018 results reflect strong growth from our ongoing strategy to leverage our broad product portfolio and diversified distribution network to satisfy customer needs. As pricing conditions improve in the second half of the year, we significantly increased sales at indexed and fixed annuities. With growth in individual retirement, group retirement and life insurance, we increased total premiums and deposits for the year. We maintained our disciplined opportunistic approach in institutional markets and closed a number of pension risk transfer deals in the fourth quarter. We are well positioned in 2019 to continue to serve a growing market, enabling us to continue to deploy capital, at or above our targeted economic returns while recognizing we will incur some additional new business expenses associated with such growth. The investments we have made over the last few years and continue to make to modernize our operating platforms and enhance digital capabilities are already demonstrating benefits in each of our businesses. In group retirement, where we have invested in enhancing the participant web experience, DALBAR recognized our efforts by awarding us the ranking of number one behavior centric planned participant website. We followed this in 2018 by launching a web based platform to also modernize the planned sponsor experience. In individual retirement, we continued to enhance our award winning platform that is consistently recognized by DALBAR for excellence across multiple customers, ranking number one for variable annuity statements 17 years in a row, receiving an annuity service award for 12 consecutive years and being the only recipient of the communication seal of excellence for 2018. Further enhancements for 2018 included a redesigned mobile friendly website and the implementation of the new administration system for our fast growing index annuity new business. We continued to enhance our digital capabilities for our life business, while planning the necessary infrastructure changes to completely separate our operating model from there. Finally, for our institutional markets business, we converted the administrative system for pension risk transfers to a new platform to enhance our competitiveness in this growing market. Our modernization effort of fixed the core is broad, mostly bringing immediate benefits in the form of automation, use of robotics and digitization, all of which improve our efficiency, quality and customer experience. Turning to the fourth quarter, against the backdrop of a quarter marked by attractive new business margins and growth in total premiums and deposits, our results reflected the impact of sharply declining equity markets and widening credit spreads over the last month of the year. For the quarter, we reported adjusted pretax income of 623 million, which represents 159 million deductions in the prior year quarter. The primary drivers of the quarter-over-quarter difference were market driven, including lower returns on fair value option securities of 94 million, lower net policy fee and advisory fee income of 44 million and lower base investment spreads of 33 million, due in large part to reduced accretion income. Finally, despite the significant equity market and credit spread volatility during the quarter, I'm pleased to report that our hedging program for living benefit guarantees once again performed as expected, resulting in a modest hedging gain. Turning to individual retirement on slide 13, premiums on deposits grew by over 35% with particularly strong growth in fixed and indexed annuities. With these strong sales levels, we achieved positive net flows for the quarter, excluding retail mutual funds. Retail mutual funds, which is a comparatively small part of our earnings is a defensibly positioned portfolio that is countercyclical to our individual annuities and may continue to face headwinds in the current rate environment. Assets under management declined along with the markets, impacting fee income with net spreads also pressured by the market impact on yield enhancements as well as lower accretion income for fixed annuities. Turning to group retirement on slide 14, premiums and deposits grew by approximately 14% for the quarter with continued growth in individual product sales, resulting in record high premiums and deposits for the full year. Our surrenders and other withdraw also increased for the year and quarter periods, driven by the loss of some large groups due to the competitive factors which I've talked about on previous calls and higher individual surrenders and other withdrawals. We expect higher surrenders and other withdrawals to continue negatively impact net flows in 2019. However, we continue to believe that our differentiated model, which focuses on the value of the advisor positions us well as a leader in attractive segments of the growing not-for-profit contribution market. In addition to decreased assets under administration and fee income due to declining equity markets, net that spreads were pressured primarily by the market impact on yield enhancements and lower accretion income. Adjusting for lower accretion income and specific non-recurring items, these net investment spread was in line with the prior year quarter. Across the retirement portfolio, new money rates are still below portfolio yields, resulting in reduced but still attractive spreads in many products. Also in a rising rate environment, it may be appropriate for us to reflect this and crediting rates for certain of our in-force business. Let's now move to life insurance on slide 15. Total premiums and deposits increased for the quarter and we continued to produce healthy sales in the US and strong new business growth in the UK. Our adjusted pretax income reflects a material impact of non-recoverable acquisition costs associated with new business, masking an underlying contribution consistent with our long term low to mid double digit return targets. Lastly, our overall mortality experience for the quarter and full year were favorable to pricing assumptions and the prior year periods. Turning to institutional markets on slide 16, we executed several opportunistic pension risk transfer transactions in the fourth quarter at attractive economic, statutory and accounting returns. The market pipeline for pension risk transfer transactions over the next 12 to 18 months continues to be robust. Overall, our institutional markets business continues to be well positioned to capitalize on available growth across its product lines while remaining focused on achieving targeted returns. To close, as we enter 2019 with a sustainable business model, well positioned to continue to leverage our broad product expertise and distribution footprint to deploy capital to the most attractive opportunities, as we repositioned the portfolio and prepare to return to overall growth. Now, I would like to turn it back to Brian to open up for Q&A.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Kevin. We gave you a lot of content, which used up a lot of the first hour. So we will, as Liz said, we will go a little long on the Q&A. So operator, lets go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: You guys have reaffirmed the guidance for 2019. I just want to make sure, like including the underwriting probability in the first quarter of 2019, from the 98.8% underlying combined ratio, you need more than 3 point improvements, assuming a 4.5% of AAL to get to that level in the first quarter. I just wondered, how do you bridge the gap, the 3 point improvement in one quarter? Is that mostly from expense evenings or from the underlying loss ratio?
Brian Duperreault: Well, I think it's going to come from a variety of sources. We thought you might ask this question. So Mark is going to answer and Peter just probably on the supplement.
Mark Lyons: Yeah. We can tag team that. Hi, Kai. So let me address that in kind of two ways, a conceptual approach so you kind of -- you get it and a partial numerical approach. So, first off, if you look at how the book has changed and you look at some of the issues, all areas of the book have gotten a lot of focus. Now, North American commercial is a book that, as I said before, a lot of recurring pain points, its probably got a little more focus on it. But good kind of improvements. So when you look at fourth quarter of last year to fourth quarter of this year, North American commercial was 31% of the earned premium, now it's 36% of the earned premium where all the focus has been. And with Validus and Glatfelter coming into play, that's going to be pushing a little bit more and they've got very good, Glatfelter in particular, very good program results and the program unit terminated about 20 programs. So you can see loss ratio improvement, because of whats left and new business coming in with Glatfelter thats going to help that [skew] [ph]. Secondly, we've talked about rate changes that we've gotten on the book that overall average like 4%, 4% really belies mixtures by unit. And when you get into North American commercial, first, rate changes are on a gross basis and what's going to happen in 2019 is going to be a little different [skew] [ph] to where the rate increases are a little bit higher and therefore there's more distance between loss trend and achieved rate change, so keep that in mind. Next is think about that with all the reinsurance that Peter described, you're going to have a changing mix more so on a net basis that we believe is to our favor. So that's important I think to recognize. So on top of that, when you think about portfolio construction, it's just as important. I mean, we focus on rate change, but rate change is just a piece of the pie, it's just as important to understand the impacts on the book by what left. So what got non renewed and what was the economics associated with that versus what stayed on the books and what got on to the books and that's a pretty material incremental improvement and as Peter highlighted, when you change your underwriting risk appetite to make them clear to the outside and you start -- you get more lasered and focused to the kinds of risks that you want and therefore the quality of the average flow into the business is superior. By doing nothing else, you've increased the rate adequacy, by doing nothing else, so you've got all that. So we, on the portfolio construction, all that aspect is a little more conceptual. So let's get back into some of the numbers. So we just had a 98.8 and you can throw on whatever cat, load you choose for that. So that was a 63.9 and a 34.9. So okay, you asked a sequential question, so we got 22 points roughly of X. Let's assume that doesn't change, even though there will be a lot of actions taken place to improve that. Let's assume that doesn't change. You get the fixed expenses, which we demonstrably show massive improvement on. So rate changes are going to help that, because you're going to -- everything else being equal, you're going to get a bigger premium base, it's going to help the loss ratio. So just on the margin expansion, without giving any credit to the portfolio change, you're going to be in my view in the middle 96s on that regard without cat or AAL. So even if everything else I talked about from the rate changes growth, how it's better on a net basis, the fact that there's effective rate changes on the book by what left, not just what we report, lets just say that's worth a point and there's no way, it's only a point. Let's just say it's a point, you're at 95.5, so pick your cat load, you want to pick 4, you want to pick 3, you want to pick 4.5, were there. So that's how I view it.
Brian Duperreault: Peter, do you want to just say anything about the expenses.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. I think as Mark said, I mean, when we looked at it in terms of looking at how we're going to be below 100, it was the mix of the business, it was going to be how we were reducing the volatility in the portfolio and we ended up having a forecasted better accident year loss ratio, the reinsurance then reduced volatility, but also shifted that balance as Mark said on the overall loss ratio. So we'll see casualty business in the US having a bigger [session] [ph], so therefore a better balance. And then I don't want to lose sight again of Validus and what Glatfelter will contribute. And as Brian said, on the expense side, we saw a lot of ramping up of the acquisition expenses this year. That was from a portfolio shift in addition, when you looked at the comparisons in 17, there were some onetime anomalies, so it looked like it was growing a little bit more and we've been addressing the general operating expenses in the back half of the year, so while you didn't see perhaps a lot of material impact in the first half of 18, you saw it in the back half of 18 and we believe that that will continue to not only sustain, but we're going to be focused on it throughout the year. So I think when you look at all those different components, you get to below 100.
Brian Duperreault: And I'm just -- let me just add two things. One, [indiscernible] AAL, the AALs, we haven't given you one, but one can assume they're not going up, they're going down either through a combination of efforts, reducing our gross and net risk, reducing concentrations, and of course reinsurance structures that we put in to place, which are all reducing the AAL, I'd say that. So the only other thing I'd say, a little caveat, so give me a break here, is and we talked about volatility. So volatility in this book is diminishing, but it's not -- we haven't gotten it all out of the system yet. We've got risk attaching covers and things like that. So there's still a few of the multi-year policies left and the [unearned] [ph] bleeding in, is we still have some stuff with larger per risk limits. So the volatility in the first quarter should be greater than the volatility by the end of the year. So, you can't -- you got to just recognize that volatility thing is there, but I think Mark and Peter outlined why we've said entering 2019.
Kai Pan: My follow-up is on net investment income, the $13 billion annual run rate you guided to, what's the base assumption for market return in that $13 billion. I'm wondering what's the sensitivity around that, for example, this quarter, market up 10%, how much of  so better than the run rate youre going to realize in net investment income.
Doug Dachille: So, we're making the assumptions consistent with what we made in the financial supplement last year. I mean to give you a sense of the volatility from our perspective of return on assets, I mean, we're managing 313 billion of assets. The volatility of net investment income, which is a function of both the economic risk and the accounting mechanisms by which we account for these things is roughly 25 basis points of return volatility on assets.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: I fear all these questions are going to be about how to get to 100%, but I'm going to also try and dovetail on Kai. In the quarter, we saw a big increase in the acquisition expense ratio, offsetting the improvements you guys have made on the GOE expenses. Going forward, where should we see the acquisition, youre buying more reinsurance and what not that's taking up, is that going to offset the improvements you're making on the operations in terms of people and proper allocation of expenses?
Brian Duperreault: Well, I think, let me start by saying that increase in the acquisition expense was really related to personal insurance in particular. That book of business runs at a high combined ratio, but one under 100. So it actually is additive to the portfolio, particularly when you think about the volatility of it. What was masked was the PCG business deteriorating, so you didn't see the loss ratio improvement. So, the acquisition will stabilize, we don't see that growing. I think there's reason to believe we would get that down. And we will be working on that -- the fact that the offset didn't happen because of the PCG loss ratio deterioration. Peter, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Peter Zaffino: No. I think it's fair and we don't see acquisition expenses increasing in 2019. We just had, like you, said the ramp up of shift in portfolio and then again having some tough comparables year-over-year and believe that we will continue to focus on the GOE and don't expect to see expenses go up in acquisition.
Josh Shanker: And one related question, I guess maybe unrelated, you are not responsible for the decisions made by the previous management team, but trying to understand what this Go Big strategy meant. There was also a strategy called rapport where they were trying to minimize I guess the capital consumption of various underwriting decisions. Were the two things in conflict with each other, did one of them not exist, was the company trying to minimize its underwriting action order return capital, how did those two things dovetailed with each other and were there conflicting messages, I guess, given the underwriters, what -- explain what was going on before a little better so we can understand how it can improve?
Brian Duperreault: Sometimes, you cant explain things. I'm not sure I can, but let me try and answer those things. So, I think there was a belief in the balance sheet, starts with a belief in the balance sheet and that's okay, we need a balance sheet, we need a balance sheet to take risk. And it's got -- your risk has got to be matching that balance sheet, but if you tell underwriter, it's okay to write 2.5 billion and by the way, who else is going to do it, so you think you'd corner the market, right. So if you don't get paid for it, you've got a problem. So you put out an extra $1 billion of limits with almost no payment, because it's impossible to get value for that kind of additional limit. So when you add that to, let's say, underwriting where the underwriters were not selecting properly or they were adversely selecting against, being selected against and you go large, you go large on risk, you shouldn't be writing, it just exacerbates everything and then you try to -- then as an actuary, you try to reserve this stuff where the volatility is impossible, how much risk can you put into your reserve levels to try to recognize the extreme volatility that might occur. So look, I don't -- all I know is, I wouldnt have done it and I know we're not doing it. That's about all I could say. Hope that helps.
Operator: Well take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, so in response to Kais question, Brian, I think you said that sometimes there are some volatility, given some multi-year policies potentially in the first quarter. I just want to reaffirm that based on how you see your book running that you do expect to come in below 100 in general insurance in the first quarter, and then a couple of Q4 numbers that might help us think through that, was there any kind of current accident year adjustment that would have impacted the fourth quarter, chewing up earlier quarters and can you let us know what valid, if it was additive to margins in the fourth quarter?
Brian Duperreault: Those are three different questions. [Technical Difficulty] Yes. I did -- I just put a little copy out that there's volatility, but yes, I'm reaffirming that were entering 2019 expecting to make an underwriting profit, including AAL. So that's answer number one. Then there was a question about whether or not there were things that occurred in the fourth quarter. Mark, you want to take that?
Mark Lyons: Yeah. I also applaud you, Elyse. I think thats like three question, part A through H. So the question about accident year 18, were there any movements, there were some ups and downs, but the net was 30 basis points on basically $7 billion for the whole year, so its $40 million. So its nothing to get excited about. And there was one other one, right. Validus
Peter Zaffino: This is Peter. Is it with or without cat, because if its with cat, it was not accretive because the one that if you look at 17, they're very good at how they buy reinsurance, but 17, if you look at the comparables, was more active in the third quarter than the fourth quarter. So if you look at both quarters together, it was roughly the same in terms of what contributes to net cat, if you take out cat, it was in the range of where we were as general insurance. So it wasn't terribly far off, but.
Brian Duperreault: Do you have a follow up series of questions, Elyse?
Elyse Greenspan: Yeah. I mean the one other thing that I think just stood out to me, Mark, maybe you can give a little bit more color, Peter, the international margins, I know you made the year over year compare that they got better relative to the fourth quarter, they didn't get better relative to the third quarter, did you guys see any one-off kind, were you guys on any large property losses or something that might have impacted the numbers or was it seasonality that you're not necessarily comparing international Q4 to Q3.
Mark Lyons: Yeah. It's a good question. If you look at history, you're going to see its bounced all over the place, its a lot of different lines of business, its 80 countries, reflecting kind of like what my prepared comments on FL, internationally get a poppier out of India, then you get one out of APAC, and then lets break the next quarter, but if you look back to the full accident year of 18 and the full accident year of 17, they're basically mirror images of each other. One was 65.2%, one was 65% even. So, you're going to get pop. So sequentially, I don't think gives you any information content.
Operator: We will take our next question from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Mark, I thought your walk to mid-90s accident year combined ratio was very helpful. And I think I understand the math around the impact of rate improvement, but ultimately there must be some assumption around loss trends there as well, right. So I just want to make sure that the way I'm thinking about, the way you guys are thinking about are roughly the same namely that to get to this mid-90s, you're assuming that the rate improvements are in excess of loss trends, even in line that where you're getting both the rates clearly, those are lines that are also facing steeper loss trends.
Mark Lyons: I think, yes, the answer is yes, but let me -- I just want to emphasize something here and that is rate alone would not have improved this portfolio. Okay? Even if it was above the loss trend, because if the portfolio is a collection of risk, you shouldn't be writing, you can't get enough money for that stuff. So there is, the untold story is the improvement of the portfolio, which really affects the loss ratios and combined ratios and that's an important thing to keep in mind. Do you have anything else you want to ask, Yaron?
Yaron Kinar: Yes. I do. Actually maybe shifting gears to the investment portfolio, so you guys have clearly spent a lot of time and effort to de-risk the liability portfolio, especially in general insurance, what are your thoughts around the investment portfolio today broadly and in general insurance specifically?
Doug Dachille: Well actually, we've had three years to do the de-risking of the investment portfolio. So if you look out over the past three years, we've dramatically reduced all the fair value option equities, we eliminated a whole host of legacy investments that we took over in 2015, things like life settlements, which were both illiquid and had modest returns for the risks that we were getting, we reduced our hedge fund exposures by over $7 billion. We reduced our private equity exposures, we changed where the investment -- risk investments were held. We reduced the amount of those exposures in the life and retirement business because there's so much more capital markets exposures to the underlying core business that it didn't make sense to include those types of asset classes in those books of business. If you look at the exposures that we have to equity markets, let's understand when you look at our overall investment portfolio, it's still an ALM based book of business designed to match our liabilities. So we -- all the alternatives are really allocated to the surplus of the general insurance books and it's very modest and what we try to do is manage liquidity, economic and accounting volatility and also try to get excess risk adjusted returns. So in looking at that portfolio, we're very comfortable with what we currently have in our alternatives, which is a mix of private equity and hedge funds, but we're always tweaking it, but the absolute holdings that we have in scale, we're very comfortable with, we'll continue to make ongoing rebalancing of how we allocate that risk bucket, but I think the size of it will continue on going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass: Two questions on life and retirement. First, can you talk about how much impact the markets had on DAC amortization in the fourth quarter? And then secondly, you've talked about expecting a couple of basis points of core spread compression per quarter. I think the decline was much greater this quarter due to higher crediting rates and you mentioned some unusual items, but how should we think about the rate base level of this for 2019.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Eric. First of all, in terms of the fourth quarter impact, the impact on DAC from the market was -- versus the prior year just over 80 million. And of course, it's a combination of where the equity markets levels are, an impact from the credit spread widening, et cetera. And so, if you look at the overall fourth quarter, the sharp decline in the AUM in the last four weeks impacted not just the DAC, but also fee income, which is a reflection generally of where the equity markets are and also the impact of the spread widening on mostly the fair value options and the impact of the markets on yield enhancements and accretion income is also something to keep in mind. So, as we look at the whole question of the cost of funds and base spreads, I think what's important is there were some anomalous items, mostly in group retirements in the fourth quarter, but year over year, cost of funds was 2.73, which is just 3 basis points from the 2.76 in the prior year. So it's not actually about the prior year, fixed annuities year-over-year was flat at 2.65 and variable and index almost flat at 1.24 versus 1.26. So really the cost of funds is not something other than that one-off item in the fourth quarter, significant concerns. And as we look at the base spreads, obviously, in particular some of the market effects were primarily what you saw in the effect in the fourth quarter. And assuming where the markets were at the end of the year and where we believe interest rates are going to be, our interest rates were, we are still confident of that maximum negative spread compression of the two basis points in 2019.
Erik Bass: Just want to clarify further -- your guidance, you talked about life and retirement earnings being flat in 2019. Just to be sure, that's off of the adjusted 2018 number you show in the supplement and then what are you assuming for the equity market return?
Kevin Hogan: Yes. That is correct. We are assuming that comparable also on the ROE, 19 versus 18. In terms of equity markets, we're assuming a modest improvement in the equity markets from where they were as of the end of the year.
Operator: Well take our next question from Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman: First question goes on Mark. Last quarter on the call, late November, you talked about how you had reviewed much of the book and saw no material red flags upon that material review. So Mark, I'm wondering, I think you mentioned a little earlier something about amortization. I'd like a little clarity on what you saw subsequent to that November call and what your confidence is with regard to prior year development goings into 2019.
Mark Lyons: So with respect to November, so when we looked in for the fourth quarter effectively backwards, there's really no adjustments of note on anything prior reviewed. So, as far as I'm concerned, those numbers are stable, like the reallocation between couple of lines, but in the average, nothing moved. So if you're -- by end of November, you're really talking about Goldman's December 5th conference, which I assume you're referring to December 5th already.
Andrew Kligerman: They didn't invite me.
Mark Lyons: Okay. Well, I'm sure you might have read about it. But what's our responsibility as an insurer, its setting reserves for all occurrences that have happened 12/31 and prior and this was December 5. So 3 weeks of losses to emerge, but so at the time, everything was still in flight, but I'm not making excuses. The point is that when you get into the depth, you didn't hear us talk about personal lines problems, you really didn't hear us talk about rest of world casualty in any material way and you didn't really hear us talk about the buffer or comp excess on it. So, it was financial lines, that was the center issue, mostly US issue, some scattered pop. So back to the reasonable range we're comfortable with that. To your question about, well, I think that really was the net of your question is how do we feel about things, how we've been through a whole cycle. I feel pretty good about it. [indiscernible] Let me say something the confidence in reserves starts with the confidence in the underwriting this -- producing those reserves. So the more and more comfort we have about what we're doing as a company and the work around taking the volatility out to make the results more predictable just adds to our confidence. You want to add something else Andrew?
Andrew Kligerman: So, I understand the business mix and the pricing increases, but where I'm not getting the math is, if I make an estimate of Validus and Glatfelter premium, I still see 2019 over 18 getting a premium increase and even with the rate increases, which you say are about 4%, if I subtract that out, maybe premium were about flat. And so I guess, how are you going to get this loss ratio improvement, what business are you departing that would get this improvement, if premium is so flat, it's just hard to see what the moving parts are that are going to get you this this loss ratio improvement, so maybe you could give me a little math on what's going away and what's coming in and still being able to maintain flat premium.
Peter Zaffino: Well, thank you for the question and it's a complicated answer, because the portfolio has been shifting across the world, as we outlined in terms of going from a large limit strategy to using limits a little bit more discretely, but also Brian keeps emphasizing, it's also the risk selection and rebalancing the portfolio. So within every business and every geography, we have been looking very hard at getting the appropriate returns once we make good risk selections, we have the right coverage and that has happened in a dramatic way. So the one, I will highlight because it's happening across many of the portfolios would be the Lexington, the Lexington was doing admitted and non-admitted, it was doing business from wholesale and retail, it was doing large limits on property and casualty as well as having a very large program business and so it has been recalibrating its risk appetite to substantially play in a role where it has very strong expertise. We have brought in industry leaders, focusing on the E&S space, focusing through wholesale, making sure we're using tighter limits when we do the risk selection, going into having a better balance with not only large accounts, but in the middle market and so the portfolio has been starting to move in a direction where we're recalibrating and reconstituting what the portfolio looks like, at the same time, there are some businesses that are further along some that are not and with that, you're going to have the general insurance excluding Validus and Glatfelter, will decrease year-over-year on a premium basis, then the complexity of the reinsurance, so I know it's hard to do the math, but we believe that we are repositioning the portfolio with a better risk selection and that will be reflected in the accident year loss ratios as we earn into 2019. Mark, do you want to add anything to that?
Mark Lyons: Yeah. Just the fact that, I think what we said on last quarter's call that we don't need a hard market to improve this book. It comes back to the composition and what were letting go if we can't get rate and structure that we want and what's coming in and everybody focuses on price, I get it, because it's measurable and its something you can compare, but a whole flow of business, a whole understanding of the cat exposures, the whole structure, price is last and that's what we measure.
Brian Duperreault: Andrew, let me just  you have a risk that comes in the door, right and we've been writing it for some time, we've been attaching too low, so it's either deductibles, its an access placement, we've been attaching too low and we've been giving way too much one that it's at the top. Okay. So you get rid of the limited copy that we're getting paid for, it just improved your portfolio immediately. You raise up from where you were to a higher limit where the risks diminish, right. Now, that'll cause you to get less premium, you've got a much better risk on your hands and that doesn't even count getting [indiscernible] So, you've got to trust this, Im telling you, the premium is flat and we don't need a hard market to make this thing better, as Mark said.
Andrew Kligerman: Yeah. Just very broadly then, I mean, because what your strategy makes impeccable sense bluntly, it would sound to me with these reinsurance issues and lower limits, that at least 25% of your portfolio is turning over the good stuff in, the bad stuff out, is that a good assessment.
Kevin Hogan: Getting back to, some stuff is going clearly, but we're not like getting wholesale out of a lot of business, but what Brian said is key. You can stay -- we could  if we have 100 risks, we could still stay on the 100 risk, but on a different place on the structure where the risk reward trade-off is better, 100% renewal retention on the account and the volume is down 33%, but it's a better loss ratio expectation. That's what you've got to internalize.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Tom Gallagher: Brian, so your description of the Go Large strategy, large limits and de-riskiness, can you talk about where we are on this de-risking process, would you say it's largely done or is 2019 going to continue to be a risk reduction year? And the point of my question is usually when you materially reduce risk, normalized earnings go down, absolute ROE goes down. I understand risk adjusted earnings should be getting better and cost of capital should be lower, but I guess broadly speaking where are we on that risk reduction journey, what does that really mean for ROE about 2019. I know you've really given out like 3 year forward ROE, does it mean near term ROE is going to be more depressed, you're going to get more of a back end loaded improvement, anyways, pretty broad question there, but what are your thoughts?
Brian Duperreault: Yes. So, is the process done? Well, as we described, Peter and I, Tom Bolts work with all our underwriters has been distributed, so we've set the tone of what we want to do. Okay. So the strategy, yeah, I think the strategy is done. The implementation is being done and risk by risk, as they come up for renewal, you make adjustments and things bleed off. So that's what I was saying, the first quarter is going to be riskier in terms of volatility and the fourth quarter just as the portfolio earns in at the strategy that we've been deploying. So strategy is done, implementation is weaving its way through the book this year. This ROE, de-risking ROE thing, well, that just presupposes that you're getting paid for the risk, but if you don't get paid for the risk and you stop taking it, you are pretty close up. And that is not even risk adjusted, so when I said 8 travels to double digit, a lot of that has to do with a continuing effort on our expenses, which is a significant task for us over the next several years and that's why it's that journey is a little longer, hope that helps.
Tom Gallagher: That does. And when I think about, to your point, to me, the clearest expression of what risk reduction is going to mean is AAL, but I know previously, it was 4.5 points and I guess you're not giving specific guidance on that, why not give specific guidance on that because that's the one tangible thing we can point to to describe the actual earnings benefits from the risk reduction program?
Brian Duperreault: Well first of all, the AAL is one measure, right, but it's not the only measure of risk, right, so you've got a lot of risk kinds of measurements that you should deploy. Well, let's see, this AAL number is a moving, it's moving, right. Obviously, it's moving for a lot of reasons, we're reducing concentrations as I said earlier, we're changing risk profile in terms of per risk size, the per risk limits that are being deployed out there and the reinsurance is being put into effect. So you have to understand that the AAL is a moving number right now, getting better. So when we feel we've got a good number, I would not have any problem, tell me what it is, so I'm not hung up about it, but I can tell you it's moving south. And it's not the only measure though.
Mark Lyons: Tom, just one thing on your preface on that AAL. AAL is explosive, the underlying risk associated with AAL, right. So it's just that that's in your face. Cat occurs, earthquake occurs, front page of The Journal where everybody can focus on it, thats why with cat bonds, everyone thinks they understand the model risk and all that. Now look at the history of AIG, look at the history of any large company. It's the deferred risk, not immediate risk associated with casualty business. So primary casually, excess comp, I mean look at it at the past of the industry. That risk is simply deferred, but it's as big and real and more capital exposed as property, but everybody gives a short shrift, but that's what you have to focus on and that's what Peter and his team has done.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: So looking forward to 2020 if I can, is it fair to assume that the impact of multi-year P&C contracts and the expenses associated with 2019 life and retirement growth that both of those will be sources of improvement in 2020.
Peter Zaffino: Well, certainly the multi-year should have bled off by that, no question about that. Ill let Kevin talk about.
Kevin Hogan: Yeah. So Meyer, on the expenses, I think I mean if you look year-over-year right, 18 versus 17, we had a reported increase in GOE of about 110 million, 40 million of which were one-time items in 17 that helped 17 and don't repeat. So, the expense increase base is about 70 million. Around half of that is actually directly associated with new business growth. Obviously, our premiums and deposits are way up, serving those policies, et cetera, has its additional burden. So relative to the projects, we're certainly getting an immediate benefit from those and we'll continue to invest what we need to in order to keep up with the increasing regulatory demands and customer expectations, but a part of that increase in GOE is related to new business and so to the extent that our new business continues to grow, then, we're going to continue to see new business expenses associated with that growth.
Brian Duperreault: Meyer, do you have a follow-up if you have one, and then I'm going to cut this off. So, do you have anything else?
Meyer Shields: I do. Just looking within casualty, is the mix of business between the four lines of business you report, property, special risks, liability, financial lines, is that going to shift dramatically when we take into account all of the things that have been done on gross and net writings.
Brian Duperreault: Yeah. Peter, you want to do that?
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Meyer. The portfolio will continue to shrink on a net premium earned basis because we just placed a 50% quota share of the first 25 million and life property, we have been reducing the gross limits substantially, so that portfolio will continue to be recalibrated and again you'll have the impact of the reinsurance in 2019 and 2020.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. So let me just close here. Thanks, Meyer. Let me just close here and I  first of all, I want to thank you for participating on our extended call today and bearing with us. We had a lot that we wanted to talk about. I hope we gave you a good sense of the hard work we've been doing and continue to do it here at AIG. You know maybe it's a clich, but it's absolutely true, our greatest strength is our colleagues and I want to thank them all for all they're doing, not just for the company but for our clients and our stakeholders. Thanks, guys and have a good day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the AIGs Third Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Liz Werner: Thank you, April. Before we get started this morning, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first, second and third quarter 2018 Form 10-Q and our 2017 Form 10-K under Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for todays presentation and our financial supplement, both of which are available on our website. As a reminder, for this mornings call, our Q&A session will have one question with one follow-up. Please get back into queue, if you would like to ask additional questions. On this mornings call, youll hear from our senior management team including CEO, Brian Duperreault; CFO, Sid Sankaran; CEO of GI, Peter Zaffino; GIs Chief Actuary, Mark Lyons; and CEO of L&R, Kevin Hogan. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results reflected volatility due to 14 global catastrophes, particularly the Japan typhoons. We continue to execute on our reinsurance strategy, one of our key initiatives, which I will cover in a more detail and which Peter will also review in his remarks. Other actions were taking to improve our underwriting capabilities and profitability are taking hold, and we started to see some of the resulting benefits in our third quarter results. We continue to expect to deliver an underwriting profit including AAL for General Insurance as we exit 2018. Over the course of the last year, Peter and his team have made significant progress in executing on our reinsurance strategy. And this work will continue as we approach the January 1 renewal season. So far this year, weve lowered our North American CAT cover attachment point from a per occurrence of $1.5 billion to an aggregate of $750 million and added an additional international cover. As you will hear from Peter in his remarks, AIGs national market share in Japan is 6%, and in the area most impacted, its 10% on the average. While our Japan reinsurance program was renewed in January 2018 maintaining its historical structure which included two separate towers for the commercial and personal insurance business, we have been working diligently throughout this year to get a single structure in place for 2019 to reduce our net exposure on both a frequency and severity basis. We are pleased with the contributions and balance that Validus brings to our business mix. The disciplined underwriting and risk approach that Validus takes was most evident this quarter in the estimated net CAT loss of approximately $200 million, which was in line with peers. Validus was neutral to our accident year results quarter this quarter and remains on track to contribute approximately 1 point to a combined ratio improvement as we exit 2018. Our recent announcement of the pending acquisition of Glatfelter will provide further balance to General Insurance by improving our position in the programs market with the addition of one of the most respected firms in this space to our portfolio of businesses. The closing of this transaction is expected to occur next week. Turning to reserves, we welcome Mark Lyons, to the team this summer, and he has hit the ground running in reviewing our actuarial processes and procedures. Net reserve additions of $170 million in the third quarter reflect the work Mark and his team performed relating to approximately 75% of our book. Year-to-date, net reserves development was flat. Peter will provide an additional detail on General Insurance in his prepared remarks. And Mark is joining the call and will give you more color on the work he has done on General Insurance reserves. L&R delivered another solid quarter, notwithstanding challenging year-over-year comparisons that reflect the impact of annual assumption reviews. Underlying ROE continued in double digits, and in particular our investments in businesses over the last few years are beginning to bear fruit with strong growth in Individual Retirement and life in particular. Sid will discuss the results of the third quarter actuarial review and Kevin will elaborate on the performance of this well-positioned business, which serves some of the most -- the worlds most important needs, the need for sources of savings, lifetime income, and protection. Our steps to reduce exposures on our Legacy book and to allocate capital more efficiently underscore our capital management discipline and focus on long-term shareholder value. The sale of 19.9% of Fortitude Re, formerly known as DSA Re, to the Carlyle Group is imminent and will free up capital as well as provide a platform for potential growth. Lastly, we have purchased shares and warrants totaling $1 billion through the third quarter of this year, including $350 million in the third quarter. We have $1.3 billion remaining in our authorization. Share repurchase remains a capital management tool that we will continue to deploy in addition to other uses of capital that will contribute to our goal of making AIG better than it has ever been. In conclusion, we are making progress towards positioning AIG for the long term. We continue to work deliberately and thoughtfully and with a sense of urgency to improve our core underwriting capabilities, reduce volatility, deliver an underwriting profit, including AAL for General Insurance as we exit 2018 and physician each of our businesses for long-term success. Now, Ill turn it over to Sid, wholl provide more detail on our third quarter financial results.
Sid Sankaran: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. This morning, Ill comment on our third quarter financial results, our capital and liquidity position, and provide an update on Fortitude Re and Validus. Turning to slide four. We reported an adjusted after tax loss of $0.34 per share. Book value per share, excluding AOCI, was $66.83; and adjusted book value per share, which excludes AOCI and DTA, was $55.58 at quarter-end. Note that approximately $500 million of the reduction in book value is associated with an increase in the deferred gain on our adverse development cover, which will amortize back into earnings and book value over time. Overall, net investment income from our insurance operations including the Legacy insurance portfolios was $3.4 billion in the quarter or $9.9 billion year-to-date, which is in line with the $13 billion full-year guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year. We continue to make progress on our restructuring initiatives in the third quarter, most notably in General Insurance were general operating expenses declined 5% from the second quarter on an ex-Validus comparable basis. We continue to expect to achieve the full $450 million of annual run rate expense savings, I referenced last quarter, as we enter 2019. General Insurance, Life and Retirement, and Legacy results were all impacted by various noteworthy items listed on page five. We report $1.6 billion of pre-tax catastrophe losses driven by multiple events, most significantly, Typhoons Jebi & Trami in Japan. We remain comfortable with our initial pre-tax losses in its for Hurricane Michael, which are between $300 million and $500 million. And this estimate will be included in our fourth quarter 2018 operating results. Given these events place us close to attaching North American catastrophe aggregate program and that our third quarter severe losses attach on our aggregate XOL sever loss cover, this reduces the risk of volatility in the fourth quarter. Peter will speak further about our catastrophe losses and reinsurance program in his remarks. Note that Legacy incurred approximately $57 million of CAT losses associated with runoff property policies in Japan. As a result, Legacys ROE was below or long-term 3% to 5% expectations. Life and Retirement had a solid quarter with an adjusted ROE of 11.2% inclusive of a $98 million charge associated with the annual assumptions review. This was largely driven by adjustments in Individual Retirement due to refinements in variable annuity withdrawal assumptions, additional reserves related to older universal life policies and refinements to interest crediting to the Life Insurance segment. Note, these adjustments did not impact our assessment of profitability on new business written going forward or profitability of the core portfolio. We completed our third quarter detailed valuation reviews, and year-to-date net prior year reserve development was roughly flat while the quarter was adverse by $170 million in adjusted pre-tax operating income. Mark Lyons will comment further with additional insight into this quarters reserve review and actions taken. Our third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was roughly 28%, which reflects the beneficial impact of tax discrete items this quarter on the pre-tax loss. We expect our full-year 2018 adjusted effective tax rate to increase slightly to approximately 25%. This increase is primarily related to the impact of the third quarter catastrophic events on our full-year net income projections, combined with our current assumptions around the impact of the U.S. Tax Reform on our operations. Our balance sheet and free cash flow remain strong. As shown on slide six, parent liquidity at quarter-end was $4.5 billion. We continue to view the target level of liquidity at the holding company to be between $3 billion and $4 billion. Cash proceeds in the quarter included $1.6 billion of dividends from our insurance subsidiaries and tax sharing payments of approximately $200 million. Our base case for annual dividends and tax payments from our insurance subs remains approximately $6 billion, although we see potential upside for non-recurring flows. Our capital ratios for our Life and Retirement and Legacy companies are above target levels and our GI companies are comfortably at target levels even after the third quarter catastrophes. Our strong balance sheet should continue to provide us ongoing financial flexibility. During the quarter, we deployed approximately $350 million towards the purchase of common shares at an average price of $53.05, leaving our remaining authorization at approximately $1.3 billion. Slide seven depicts our capital structure and ratings. We redeemed the Validus preferred shares totaling approximately $400 million in October. While our financial leverage ratio increased this quarter to 29.2%, reflecting the inclusion of Validus debt and the net loss for the period, we are deeming Validus junior subordinated debt in the fourth quarter through excess capital in the legal entity which will reduce the financial leverage ratio by 0.6 points. We expect to complete the sale of 19.9% of Fortitude Re to the Carlyle Group in the fourth quarter at which time, we will begin to report this minority share in non-controlling interests on the income statement, which will reduce Legacys contribution to AIGs earnings per share. Finally, with respect to Validus, we completed the purchase accounting during the quarter. Of the $3 billion of cash consideration paid in excess of tangible net assets, $2 billion was attributed to goodwill and related intangibles; $440 million was attributed to the value of the distribution network acquired or VODA; $298 million was attributed to the value of business acquired or VOBA with $268 million of other indefinite lived intangibles. The VOBA, which was established, approximated the amount of Validus deferred policy acquisition costs that were written off in purchase accounting. VOBA is being amortized consistent with the existing DAC one-off pattern of approximately two years and is included in adjusted pre-tax operating income and the underwriting ratios of the General Insurance segment. VODA will be amortized over 15 years or roughly $30 million per year and will be reported in our other operations segment as part of adjusted pre-tax operating income. To sum up, we continue to make progress towards delivering long-term profitability, reducing volatility and maintaining a strong balance sheet and free cash flow profile. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Today, I will provide an update on General Insurances progress against our key 2018 priorities to improve underwriting performance and position the business for long-term success; the recently announced Glatfelter transaction, third quarter financial results and our observations of current market conditions. During the quarter, we continued to execute on our initiatives to strengthen General Insurances core performance and achieve underwriting profitability. I am pleased with the progress were making to implement fundamental changes to our underwriting strategy and guidelines. Under Tom Bolt, we have built a CUO structure to support our underwriters across the globe. Weve recently welcomed Mike Price as Deputy Chief Underwriting Officer and have expanded the role of Lixin Zeng, CEO of AlphaCat, who will work closely with Tom to bring Validus best practice in model development AIG. As we have shared in the past, our underwriting strategy has prioritized the reduction of gross and net limits in property and casualty. Weve reduced propertys gross limits from $2.5 billion to $750 million and its net limits from $611 million to $143 million. In a similar way, weve reduced casualtys gross limits from $250 million to $100 million. With respect to underwriting governance, weve reviewed, validated and reissued 100% of global underwriting authorities to align with our revised risk appetite and instituted a new underwriter scorecard that measures performance against profitability and other key metrics. As we reposition our portfolio, we are using reinsurance to support sustained profitable growth, while prudently managing gross and net exposures and protecting AIGs balance sheet. As a clear example, weve recently expanded our existing $75 million excess of $25 million international casualty excess of loss treaty into a global program that now includes exposures across U.S. primary and excess casually lines, which aligns the net retention to our overall risk appetite. We are currently in the marketplace to place a U.S. casualty quota share and preparing to enhance some of our existing covers during the January 1 renewal season, which we expect will yield additional benefits in 2019. Organizationally, weve continued to hire some of the industrys best talent, particularly in leadership positions across the world with the primary focus on strengthening our underwriting capabilities. Since last quarters call, David McElroy has joined us as CEO of Lexington and weve named Peter Bilsby of Talbot, as Head of our Global Specialty Business. Both David and Peter have already demonstrated the value they bring to the organization as we focus on improving our underwriting portfolio. Im pleased to share that our new business leaders and the changes they are implementing have produced very positive feedback from our brokers, clients, and reinsurers, who recognize AIG as a better and more agile partner. We continue to work diligently to reduce general operating expenses and free-up capacity to invest in underwriting, actuarial and claims. General Insurances third quarter, general operating expenses declined 5% sequentially excluding Validus, and we remain on track to achieve our plan for 2018. Finally, rounding out our efforts to strategically reposition General Insurance, we look forward to closing on the pending acquisition of Glatfelter Insurance Group next week. Glatfelter has an excellent reputation as a highly selective program manager with world-class underwriting capabilities and in-house technology, a track record of underwriting profitability, as well as a talented leadership team. The addition of Glatfelter to AIG will accelerate the repositioning of our existing U.S. programs business where we have or are currently in the process of non-renewing over 50% of our current programs, in line with our primary objective of improving General Insurances core underwriting performance. Turning to General Insurances third quarter results. Slide nine details our overall performance and profitability metrics. Third quarter net premiums written declined 2%, excluding both FX and Validus compared to the prior year quarter, largely driven by the execution of revised underwriting strategies in North America Commercial, partially offset by growth in North America Personal Insurance. Validus contributed $440 million in net premiums written to our North America and international top line results. With respect to profitability, the third quarter combined ratio included $1.6 billion in net catastrophe losses. The breakdown of these losses is provided on slide 10. Validus net catastrophe losses were approximately $200 million, over half of which were related to Japan, a result that was within our modeled expectation and in line with peers. Our core insurance businesses excluding Validus and Legacy experienced net losses attributable to third quarter events of $748 million in Japan, emanating from five events, and $439 million in North America, emanating from eight events with the majority of the remaining losses arising from prior quarter catastrophes. To provide further context on our business in Japan, AIGs national market share is 6%; and in the Kansai region, home to Fuji Fire Marine and the location principally impacted by third quarter catastrophe events, our personal and commercial property market share is approximately 10% on average. As a result, our losses reflect both the unique severity and frequency of one of the worst catastrophe seasons for Japan in 25 years and AIGs footprint as the largest foreign-based insurer in the country. As Brian noted, AIGs Japan CAT reinsurance program was structured in two separate towers for our commercial and personal insurance businesses. In late 2017, we began working to improve the program and successfully reduced the attachment points for both towers during the January 1st 2018 renewal. For the upcoming 2019 renewal, we plan to consolidate the program into a single tower to improve its effectiveness and further reduce our net exposure on a frequency and severity basis. In North America, Hurricane Florence was a sizable industry event, which represented $325 million of our third quarter catastrophe losses, excluding Validus. North America Personal Insurances accident year results include increased loss estimates for the California mudslides that occurred in the first quarter of 2018. The impacted territory is recovering from both the 2017 wildfires and the 2018 mudslides. AIGs global claims teams have done a terrific job working with our insurers, often before the storms have made landfall and began inspecting and paying claims as soon as regional conditions allow. We have responded to clients representing over 84,000 commercial and personal insurance claims, the majority of which are in Japan, given the severe nature of the damages in that region. In U.S., our claims teams have completed physical inspections for 100% of the sites impacted by Hurricane Florence, where access has been permitted. Shifting to accident year profitability. The adjusted accident year combined ratio was 99.4% and largely in line with our expectations. The adjusted accident year loss ratio of 63.6% reflects underlying portfolio management improvements of 240 basis points and a more moderate level of severe losses compared to the prior year quarter and the second quarter of 2018. The third quarter expense ratio was in line with second quarter results and our shift towards lower loss ratio and higher commission business in the North America Personal Insurance. The GOE ratio does not yet reflect the expense reduction actions I mentioned earlier, which will begin to be evident in the fourth quarter and as we enter 2019. Moving to Validus. While the third quarter was challenging in terms of catastrophe losses, the business performed largely in line with our expectations. As a heavy writer of catastrophe exposed business, it is important to assess Validus results on a four quarter basis. Since the closing of the acquisition, our teams have been working closely to drive value and we remain confident in the strong strategic contribution Validus brings to AIG. Slide 11 and 12 provide North Americas and Internationals third quarter financial results. North America Commercial showed improvement across most lines, driven by business mix, rate and risk selection. North America Personal Insurance had a solid quarter with an adjusted accident year loss ratio of 53.2%, and its acquisition ratio reflects the shifts were making to grow lower loss ratio business. In International Commercial, lower severe losses were partially offset by attritional loss activity in the UK and European specialty businesses. We expect that the growing momentum of our underwriting strategy will address attritional losses, particularly as we look to the January one renewal season. International Personal Insurance continued to demonstrate profitability with an adjusted accident-year combined ratio of 97.2%. Moving to current market conditions, the third quarter rate changes have been relatively in line with our experience over the past few quarters. North America Commercials overall rates increased approximately 4%. We experienced admitted property pricing improvement in the mid-single-digit range, while E&S property rates improved in the low-double-digit range. North America casualty rates increased in the low to mid single digits on average, depending on the line of business, attachment point, loss history and other factors. Looking at the reinsurance market and the upcoming January 2019 renewals. We expect property CAT and retrocessional rates to be relatively flat on average for non-loss affected accounts. Rates on loss affected accounts will be determined on a case-by-case basis including in Japan, where the majority of the renewals take place on April 1st. In casualty, we expect to continue to see terms and conditions tighten with rate change in line with loss cost trends. In closing, we continue to expect that the implementation of our underwriting and reinsurance strategies to manage growth in net lines. Actions to reduce expenses and strategic contributions from Validus and Glatfelter will enable us to improve our underwriting performance as we entered 2019. Our deliberate and targeted actions are positioning General Insurance for long-term success as we transform into a high-quality underwriting organization that is committed to delivering on its commitments to all of our stakeholders. And Im very proud of what weve accomplished for the first nine months of the year. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mark
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Peter, and good morning all. Id like to make some comments this morning, firstly, about some general observations I have since joining AIG earlier this summer; secondly, Id like to provide more focused comments on loss reserves for the quarter; thirdly, Id like to provide some clarity around the reserving numbers themselves; and lastly, Ill get my views about the underwriting portfolio changes that have been implemented so far to-date. Over the last four months, Ive had the opportunity to meet with many AIG executives and P&L owners, understand their strategies, historical results, budgets, competitive positioning and portfolio composition. Ive always operated under the assumption that an understanding of the underlying business strategy is critical towards evaluating reserves, profitability, portfolio mix and the like. Actuaries after all are charged with analyzing mountains of data and associated information to properly accomplish their job. Its best for them to understand the market conditions that spawn the data being analyzed. I found here a talented group of professionals who are hardworking and care about the Company. Theyve employed a host of appropriate actuarial methods that are suitable for the task in hand. This group has helped me review, analyzing and conclude on 50% of the General Insurance loss reserves during the third quarter and also helped me review challenge and understand the analyses done earlier this year. Overall then, Ive got my fingerprints on approximately 75% of the reserves through third quarter. As for the fourth quarter, when the remaining 25% of reserves will be reviewed, the areas of focus will be U.S. Financial Lines, workers compensation buffer access policies, international casualty reserves other than the UK and Europe which were reviewed this quarter, and personalized exposures. At this time, on a preliminary basis and before the detailed reviews are completed, I see no material red flags for these fourth quarter lines to give me undue concern. Of course the work still has to be done, but thats how I see it at this point. Lastly, Ive discussed the reviewed lines through the third quarter with our outside independent actuaries as well to gain their insights and their views. Now, moving on to the third quarter area of focus. The only area where I felt the material reserve strengthening was necessary was in the excess casualty portfolio. More specifically, the strengthening was predominantly centered on construction defect exposures through practice, project and wrap policies as well as through excess casualty division other than those that specifically target construction. The last several years, AIG has experienced the increased frequency of CD claims as well as an associated increased severity. Given the late nature of these reporting patterns, it was necessary to understand the historical and recent exposure characteristics of AIGs book. Beginning around 2009, AIG began to simultaneously reduce their construction at CD exposure as well as zero away from residential risk in favor of commercial risk. The book also shrunk exposure by approximately 70% as measured by our level of premium between 2009 and 2017 as well as proportionately away from the heaviest CD states such as California. We project that most claims as yet unreported will emanate from commercial exposures rather than the residential exposures that make up most of our known recorded claims experience. We anticipate that commercial CD claim emergence will be fewer in number but be more complex in nature of a higher average cost per claim. And that higher average will be exacerbated by commercial insurers who as a matter of course purchased higher towers of coverage historically. Additionally, since AIG competed with capacity among other aspects, more limits per insured were exposed and was the case for residential policies. Furthermore, an exhaustive internal analysis, outside claims audit in close collaboration with Anthony Vidovich who runs General Insurance Claims worldwide and his team, provided valuable insight into the claims history and patterns. Taking all these factors into consideration resulted in a $1.26 billion U.S. excess casualty reserve strengthening charge this quarter. This figure is gross of the adverse development cover or ADC with Berkshire Hathaway. There were other reserve adjustments this quarter in other lines of business that resulted in some partially beneficial net favorable development to the ADC, most notably from the Commercial Auto Line. Overall, given these pluses and minuses, the ADC experience ceded adverse development of $723 million this quarter whereas AIG experienced net adverse development of $170 million, as Brian and Sid have already referenced. Both figures are highlighted on page three of the earnings release and on page 44 of financial supplement. Now, I want to take a moment and make clear that these reserve charges result from underwriting policies that existed in the past. I do not view these as a carry forward issue into policies being written today under the revised underwriting strategy. For additional clarity, I want to walk you through the progression of some of these reserve changes. You can reference slide 13, as I discuss this. As stated, the reserve charge gross of the ADC for excess casualty was $1.26 billion adverse. The total charge across all lines of business for General Insurance also on a gross of the ADC basis was $950 million. This can be seen on page 44 of the financial supplement by adding the unfavorable developments and lives covered by ADC of $904 million and the unfavorable development from lives not covered by the ADC of $46 million. The net of ADC adverse development for AIG of $170 million has already been reduced by the quarterly ADC amortization of $57 million. Adding back in this amortization results in net adverse development charge of $227 million, which implies the $723 million ADC adverse charge we just discussed. So, hopefully, thats helped you instead of confusing you more. The ADC as of 9/30/2018 has nearly $7.7 billion of remaining at the 100% level; and given the 80% session at $6.1 billion of remaining limits still available to AIG. Lastly, from the perspective of the operating units, $170 million of net adverse development this quarter saw $134 million emanate from North America, mostly from personal line development on California Wildfires, another $38 million from international and a minor $2 million of favorable development from the Legacy portfolio. Shifting gears a bit. As part of Peters leadership team, I have been involved in the strategies of the various operating units and I have a fairly detailed view of the underwriting changes that have already been implemented. Peter has already commented on the massive construction of gross and net limits on the property, energy and casualty side of the business. And Ill just editorially add. When I say massive, on just a $468 million reduction in the vertical net on property and $150 million reduction in international casualty and roughly $80 million, those qualify as massive reductions, in my view. As respect to other underwriting changes that have been implemented, clear underwriting appetites have been established. Clarity with distribution around these revised appetites is happening as we speak, and this will result in a targeted and higher quality submission as well. Thinner limits and higher attachment points and/or deductibles are being bound, a market proportional shift to smaller accounts has occurred and continues especially in the excess casualty area, a definitive strategy to increase the mid-excess proportion of the excess portfolio has also been implemented, clear ventilation rules exist between AIG entities on the same risk with Chief Underwriting Officer governance. Heightened underwriter accountability now dovetails clearly with revised authority, improved pricing tools and portfolio monitoring has been developed for again excess casualty in particular. Peter referred to the successful binding of the global casualty 75 mill excess -- 25 mill excess of loss treaty, which shows the broad support the reinsurance market towards our significantly altered gross underwriting strategy. Lastly, for those of you who know me, I am generally considered a skeptic and a cynic when it comes to reported benefits of underwriting changes. My 40 years of property, casualty experience however tell me that these changes are substantive and will lead to improved loss ratios in any market. Now, with all this going on, this is really an exciting time to be at AIG. So, now, Id like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on slide 15, Life & Retirement delivered solid results for the quarter. Excluding the adjustments from the annual assumption update that Sid discussed, adjusted pre-tax income of $811 million was in line with our expectations, along with an adjusted ROE of approximately 13%. We continue to deploy capital to attractive opportunities, leveraging our broad product portfolio and channel strategy. As market conditions improved, we increased premiums and deposits across our annuity lines, fixed, index and variable. We grew Life Insurance sales, especially in our International Life business and increased premiums and deposits in Group Retirement. Higher general operating expenses reflect this new business growth, as well as our investments to strengthen our platforms and enhance our digital capabilities. If market conditions continue to improve, we are well-positioned to deploy more capital at or above our targeted economic returns, while recognizing we will incur additional expenses associated with new business growth. Now, I will briefly discuss results for each of our businesses. Turning to Individual Retirement on slide 16. Premiums and deposits grew by over 40% with particularly strong growth in fixed and indexed annuities. With these strong sales levels, we achieved positive net flows for the quarter, excluding retail mutual funds. Retail mutual funds which is a comparatively small basis of our business, continued to face headwinds in the quarter and net flows may continue to be challenged for a period of time. Total assets under management and fee income for Individual Retirement remain strong. We continued our practice of active spread management, but as expected, we saw continued compression from our fixed annuity portfolio due to the rolloff of higher yielding assets that are being reinvested at rates below the overall portfolio yields. Base net investment spread for variable and indexed annuities benefited from higher accretion and other investment income. After adjusting for these items, spread decreased for these products in line with our expectations. Turning to Group Retirement on slide 17. We increased premiums and deposits with solid periodic deposits and growth in individual product sales. Our confirmed new group acquisitions for this year are strong, although the timing of some of these planned conversions may shift to early next year. As I have mentioned on previous earnings calls, we will continue to see attrition of some large groups due to plan sponsors reducing the number of providers in their plans, M&A activity in the healthcare market and other competitive factors. Our surrenders were impacted this quarter by the loss of two large plans and the natural attrition of plans may impact surrenders in future quarters. We continue to believe that our differentiated model, which combines high-touch and high-tech service, positions us well as a leader in the growing not-for-profit defined contribution market. Similar to Individual Retirement, assets under management remained strong and we continue to actively manage spreads. Base net investment spread for Group Retirement benefited from accretion and other investment income. Adjusting for these items, spread was in line with the prior year quarter. While we are more optimistic than last quarter, forward rate conditions are still below our portfolio yields and spreads remain under pressure. Also, in a rising rate environment, we will need to maintain market competitiveness on the crediting rates for our in-force business. As we look forward across Individual and Group Retirement, absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, our current expectation is that our base net spreads will decline by approximately zero to 2 basis points per quarter. Lets now move to Life Insurance on slide 18. We continue to make progress in our life business, and separating our operating models from Fortitude Re will allow us to further focus on our new business platform. Total premiums and deposits increased and we continue to grow sales in the U.S. and the UK with particularly strong new business growth in the UK. Lastly, our overall mortality experience was favorable to pricing assumptions in the prior year quarter. Turning to Institutional Markets on slide 19. We did not execute notable opportunistic transactions during the quarter. The market pipeline for pension risk transfer transactions over the next 12 to 18 months continues to be robust. Overall, our Institutional Markets business continues to be well-positioned to capitalize on available growth while remaining focused on achieving targeted economic returns. To close, our results for the quarter reflect our ongoing strategy to leverage our broad product expertise and our distribution strength to deploy capital to the most attractive opportunities, which we believe continues to position us well. Now, I would like to turn it back to Brian to open up the Q&A.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Kevin. Lets go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Hi. Good morning, everybody. My first question is around the CAT losses. So, I guess, the one thing Im still struggling with after the preannouncement and in the quarter is, just get a better feel of the AAL and maybe why CAT losses were at least year-to-date seem to be tracking well above the AAL. And I understand that Japan losses were very significant. But, at the end of the day, I would have thought that these are items or the exposures were known or the market weighting in Japan was known well into this year. So, maybe any additional color you can offer on your thoughts on AAL here, is the 4% to 4.5% is still a reasonable number to think about?
Brian Duperreault: Yes, sure. Yaron, I think it is. But, I think Peter can give you a little bit more color.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Brian. And thank you for the question. Let me just start with the CATs. We had said a $1.6 billion in the quarter. If you take out Legacy, Validus and then the $150 million in the year adjustments for mudslides, you are down to about $1.2 billion. And so, the Japan loss, again, its one of the worst CAT years in 25 years, is $750 million, Jebi being the worst. And so, on a current basis in terms of the return periods, its actually exactly where we had thought. And so, there is -- with AAL and reinsurance, it was at expectations. Now, they had more frequency in the quarter than we have seen in the past. And so therefore, taking a look at the AALs, and Ill comment on that in a second, we also had about 440 in North America. So, when you look at those two and you look at the frequency that we had within the quarter on an aggregate basis, its within modeled expectations. So, Mark commented a little bit on what we are doing on property and gross limits. And the AALs, if you look over the last 10 years, have been around 100 basis points or thereabouts, lighter than our actual CAT experience. So, its within line. We are looking to revise total insured values, looking at PMLs and looking at different reinsurance structures. Brian said in his prepared comments that well be relooking at Japan. So, well have less frequency and severity as we enter 2019. And were running the models to recalibrate and take a look at the AALs, but they are very much in line with our expectations over a longer period of time.
Operator: And well take our next question from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: So, my first question is just on the underwriting profitability target. Brian reaffirmed the goal for the end of the year. So, I just -- as you guys think about inflation, can you just kind of talk to that and what you have embedded in getting to that sub-100 target. And then, just a clarification there, because I know that thats a year-end target. Is your expectation that General Insurance will plant a sub-100 underlying plus AAL in the first quarter of 2019?
Brian Duperreault: Well, let me do the last piece first. Yes. Thats what I meant by entering into 2019. So, we expect the first quarter to be an underwriting profit. So, with respect to inflation, weve got Mark here. I think, Marks probably the best to answer that question.
Mark Lyons: Great, Brain. Thank you. And hello, Elyse. As respect to -- as Peter mentioned, we have 4% on the weighted average pricing increase. We view this that we are gaining. So, we are having a margin expansion. It varies by line of business, as you know. Averages can be deceiving. Our loss cost trends, which is a frequency severity combination, range from about zero in some lines to about north of 8 in other lines of business. Auto, for example, we see that as being fairly high at this point, around the 8% area; were getting materially more than that in rates, and thats actually a margin expansion line. Most of our other lines, casualty, primary, excess, were feeling those are margin expansion lines as well, given the rate changes were getting. Where some of the challenge areas, where comp is a little more flat, we might be losing a little bit there. D&O overall is we think were getting -- its close to flat, but some areas are improving and some areas like EPLI, we could be marginally losing on.
Operator: And well move on to our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Can we talk a little bit about $148 million of California Wildfire losses a year later? Thats a lot of houses or a lot of businesses? Whats going on there?
Brian Duperreault: Mark -- I think Mark wanted to answer this question. This is great.
Mark Lyons: Hey, Josh. Well, you get some of the same effects, whether its wildfires or the mudslides, which are really early in 2018. You have a lot of high-value areas that are very-hard to reach. Some of them are even on the sides of mountains. And regulatory abilities get in and even inspect them. So, you have some of that delay. You have a lot of demand for contractor services, not just the rates per hour but the cost of the equipment, and everything else is moving up as well. So, I would say overall that accounts for a lot of it. You also have -- because they are mostly high net worth individuals, there is additional living expenses that tend to accrue, and I would say some are using those liberally.
Peter Zaffino: I just would add one thing is that when we look at the mudslides, which were in the current accident year, there wasnt a lot of different, as Mark points out, there wasnt a huge amount of insureds. It was -- one is just being able to get in physically, inspect, assessing all of the different elements of the loss, and then looking at some of the demand surge. And then, you add in all the other components of it, its just something that was not able to assess within the first quarter. So, we got a much better look as we progressed throughout the year.
Brian Duperreault: Yes. Id say that when I looked at our abilities to understand what the CATs are and price them properly, weve got a pretty good track record. I think this is a bit of an anomaly, and I think its just a unique situation with regard to this particular loss and the insureds. Next question?
Operator: Well move on to our next question from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan: My first question is on capital management. Given the stock is trading at 60% of book value, do you find it just more attractive to buying back your stock versus other deployments of your capital?
Brian Duperreault: Well, I mentioned earlier, we bought $350 million of stock in the previous quarter; price was around 53. So, Id say, this price is pretty compelling, lets put it that way.
Operator: Well move on to Tom Gallagher with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Can you comment on 2016 and 2017 excess casualty reserve strengthening? How much that was? And how much rate do you think you need on this line now? And also, can you comment on -- I think 3Q had some current accident year true-up in it. How much did that negatively affect the loss pick in 3Q?
Mark Lyons: Yes. There was a couple of factors on that, one of them relates to the area of focus, which was on CD and wraps, because you have to look at that by policy year and the losses that emerge. I mean, the work or the poor work has really already been done. So, we anticipate some of those accidents occurring from those policy years in 16, in 17, in 18. So thats causative for some of the drift up, more so in 16 and 17, and more in 17 and 18, which youd expect with a shrinking book on that. So, thats a piece of it. And on the balance, which will also include 18, weve made some, Ill call them market cycle adjustments, associated with where we think we are in the underwriting cycle. Excess casualty is a fairly volatile line of business and more extreme on the underwriting cycle. So, we made some adjustments in that respect. And I would say, lastly, and this is one of the key underwriting strategies of moving attachment points materially. There is some auto exposure coming in on a small set of lead umbrella policies that has some auto exposure, and were reflecting that. That would have been more 16 and 17 though.
Brian Duperreault: Yes. I think, Mark mentioned earlier that the -- we think were actually getting margin increases in the excess at this point, just in general. And with respect to construction, Peter mentioned that, I believe he mentioned we are reducing our appetite in that business to a very limited amount.
Operator: Well move on to our next question from Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yes, basically just a quick follow-up there. Mark, was there any current year development in the underlying loss or the loss pick in the third quarter in the general insurance operations? And then, a follow-up to that, a lot of the discussion has been on changing limits profiles in reinsurance and all such things. I assume we are going to improve your guys loss ratios going forward. When are we going to see that? Because, Brian, I think a lot of the discussion has been improving the expense ratio going into next year, not so much the loss ratio.
Brian Duperreault: Let me answer that one first, and Ill let Mark talk about the other piece, which is the loss ratios in the third quarter. When do we see it? Well, I think we have seen a little bit already. Mark is talking about margin improvements. So, I said were going to get into an underwriting profit next year. A lot of that is expense, no question about it. Thats more immediate. And Ive mentioned this before and I think Mark would support the same position. And that is, we may believe that these changes are taking place, but we want to see it start to play out in the actual numbers. So, were not going to -- were going to take a more cautious approach to adjusting loss ratios down as we see the actual results start to show themselves. Thats not to mean that we dont think there is some improvement taking place. But, we want to make sure that were doing this the right way, long-term that we dont have to go back and adjust upward reserves, because we were a little too optimistic that the improvement took place early. So, you just have to understand how thats going to play out. But, we do see it coming and we expect that 2019 were going to be in an underwriting profit position, not a great one, but a profit. And well move from there to a great one. Mark, do you want to talk about the third quarter?
Mark Lyons: Sure. Thank you. Brian, I think a more direct answer to your question is in the accident year with 90 basis points of loss ratio impact for the GI level in total by all the causative factors I just mentioned, emanating from the one product line. But, you have to look at it in two pieces. There was the current accident quarter, if you will, which was 30 basis points; then, there was 60 basis points of catch-up, the true-up the first two accident quarters of the year through third quarter. So, 60 plus 30; and so, its 90 in total.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jay Cohen: Yes. Most of my questions were answered. Just one last one. Selling off part of the Legacy business, can you give us some sense of the earnings impact that that will have?
Brian Duperreault: Well, I think weve given you an idea that the ROE is around 3% to 5%. And were going to take about 20% of that off. Sid, do you want to do more of the arithmetic than that? But, its a fairly simple arithmetic question.
Sid Sankaran: Yes. I think, you are going to see for the full-year that weve had an ROE in that range. So, think of it as about 20% off the income is obviously the adjustment for the non-controlling interest.
Jay Cohen: Great. Thank you.
Brian Duperreault: [Indiscernible] third quarter, because we had this CAT in there and everything taking that out. I think its a pretty simple arithmetic. Okay, next question?
Operator: Well move on to our next question from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass: I had a question for Kevin. You mentioned that the ROE for the Life and Retirement business was in line in with your expectations with the level of normalized earnings this quarter was well below where they were in the second quarter and the recent trend, despite benefits from a favorable equity market tailwind and good mortality. So just wondering, were there any other moving pieces to consider in the third quarter, and how should we think about the run rate earnings power for the business?
Kevin Hogan: No. I mean, there were no other unusual moving pieces in the third quarter. I think looking past the actuarial review impact, in the current conditions and especially at the current level of premiums and deposits, which we are enjoying which are higher than weve seen for some time, I really consider the third quarter run rate to be within our range of expectations, and the returns in the low to mid double digits is pretty much within the range that we have previously suggested.
Operator: And well take our next question from Jay Gelb from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb: I had two questions. The first is what level of return on equity do you think AIG is capable of achieving, once you start seeing the improvement in property, casualty coming through, thinking about kind of 2020 and beyond? And then, the second question more near-term is, Sid, based on a 25% overall effective tax rate for 2018, that would seem to imply a fourth quarter 2018 tax rate around 30%. Am I am I right on that?
Brian Duperreault: Lets get that one last. No, you are not right. And, I think Sid will get that to you. So, return on equity. Well, I would say that the -- and you got to have -- we got to recognize we got a legacy return on equity thats in that 3% to 5% range. But the rest of it, the core I think would be 9% plus and so, weighted average maybe gets into the 8% range. Of course, it depends on where Legacy goes. But, assuming its still part of the family, I think thats the number. Sid, do you want to talk about this tax rate?
Sid Sankaran: Yes. Thank you, Brian. No. I think the 25%, remember is simply intended to be as we look at, weve previously suggested that for full-year were looking at 21% to 22% excluding tax discrete. And so, as there is lower net income forecasted for the year, given the catastrophes, which would be taxed at 21%, we expect a higher expectation for the fourth quarter. And so, we concluded on our catch-up this quarter. So, it would be at that 25% level is our approximate expectation.
Operator: Well take our last question from Paul Newsome from Sandler ONeill. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Any thoughts on most recent earnings -- or equity volatility, financial market volatility this month on the Life Insurance businesses, both pro and con?
Kevin Hogan: As weve reported previously, our hedge program has performed and continues to perform within expectations. Sid, if you have anything else?
Sid Sankaran: No. I think, as you know, we fully hedge for equity markets. And so, we havent seen anything in the recent market expectation around our variable annuity hedging program. Just a reminder that of course on the investment side, there are securities in terms of private equity hedge funds and fair value options that do have equity market sensitivity. But, obviously, we need to see how the full year plays out for the Life Insurance business and the investment side there.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Listen, I think were going to end the Q&A. I really do appreciate all your attention. And we had a lot of content, so we cut the Q&A a little shorter than normal. Thank you for your indulgence on that. Before I end the call, I want to recognize the hard work and tireless support that our employees around the world have provided to our customers and neighbors affected by the numerous global catastrophes. Our hearts go out to all of those whove been impacted. So, with that, thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays presentation. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc. Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc. Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc. Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc. Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.
Analysts: Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIG's Second Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our second quarter 2018 Form 10-Q and our 2017 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for today's presentation and our financial supplement, which is available on our website. The format for today's call will follow past calls. We will have one question from each analyst and a possible follow-up question and then we would ask that you get back into queue. We would like to answer as many questions as possible this morning and today you'll have the opportunity to hear from members of our senior management including Brian Duperreault; our CEO; Sid Sankaran, our CFO; Peter Zaffino, our CEO of General Insurance; and Kevin Hogan, our CEO of Life and Retirement. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On today's call, we will provide an overview of our second quarter financial results and an update on our strategic and operational objectives for the second half of the year. We continue to work with a sense of urgency as we take actions designed to establish a culture of underwriting excellence and to leverage the strength and flexibility of our diversified businesses to invest what we see meaningful opportunities for value creation. The actions we are taking to design the position AIG for long-term sustainable and profitable growth. For the second quarter, we reported $1.3 billion in adjusted pre-tax operating income which included low cat losses and high severe losses in General Insurance. Our calendar year combined ratio was 101.3 and our adjusted accident year combined ratio was 101. Going forward, we will continue to highlight relevant noteworthy items, but these will be two of our primary metrics. As I mentioned last quarter, we expect to deliver an underwriting profit including AAL and General Insurance as we exit 2018. And we remain confident we will achieve this goal. The restructuring charge we announced this morning reflects our focus on cost reductions in General Insurance and at AIG headquarters, which will continue over the balance of the year and which we expect will contribute approximately two points of decline in the combined ratio. In addition, Validus should contribute approximately one point and we expect the remaining improvement will come from our underwriting actions and reinsurance strategies. Looking ahead to 2019 and beyond, our goal is to deliver top quartile financial performance relative to the industry. General Insurance continue to execute on its other strategic priorities such as improving core performance by refining the portfolio, adding highly respected industry executives to its leadership team, strengthening the underwriting organization by recruiting seasoned underwriters and continuing to build out end-to-end business units in North America and International. I'm also pleased that our acquisition of Validus is complete which deepens our value proposition for clients and partners. We are confident that Validus will deliver a compelling value for our shareholders and enhance our overall growth opportunities. Turning to our Life and Retirement business, we had another quarter of strong earnings and return on equity. We also announced the strategic acquisition of Ellipse, a U.K. group life business which will complement our existing U.K. Life business. Life and Retirement saw sales momentum across many product lines and Kevin will provide more information on the opportunities we see throughout their broad business mix and distribution channels. You also saw we took further action to efficiently manage our Legacy liabilities and maximize financial flexibility with the sale of 19.9% of DSA Re. These steps put DSA Re on the path to independence while allowing AIG to free up capital and participate in the build-out and growth of the business. Looking ahead, I remain confident in our team's ability to deliver improved operating and financial performance as we continue to execute against our strategic priorities and importantly, reinforce AIG's position as a leading global insurer, a responsible corporate citizen and a rewarding place for our talented and committed colleagues. Now, I will turn the call over to Sid, who will provide information on our financial results.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll comment on our second quarter financial results, our capital and liquidity position and provide an update on Validus and DSA Re. Turning to slide 4, we reported adjusted after tax EPS of $1.05 per share and an adjusted core ROE of 8.2%. Adjusted book value per share which excludes AOCI and DTA had solid growth and was $57.34 at quarter end, up over 2% for the quarter. Book value per share excluding AOCI was $68.40. On slide 5, we've highlighted specific noteworthy items for the quarter. In addition to the items Brian noted, General Insurance second quarter net premiums earned also included $115 million nonrecurring increase related to multiyear installment policies in North America Commercial. Our Life and Retirement businesses delivered another strong quarter with the reported adjusted ROE of 15% which benefited from $51 million of net pre-tax actuarial adjustments. This reserved adjustment was comprised of a $98 million benefit related to the domestic Life Insurance, offset by an unfavorable adjustment of $47 million for Individual Retirement. As Brian mentioned, we also recorded additional pre-tax restructuring charges in non-operating results of $200 million during the quarter, largely related to General Insurance and our ongoing efficiency program, which we expect will generate approximately $450 million of annual run rate expense savings. In addition, we are making progress in reducing non compensation expense such as vendor spend and remain confident in hitting the expense goals required to deliver an underwriting profit. Net investment income from our insurance operations including the Legacy insurance portfolios totaled $3.1 billion in the quarter or almost $6.5 billion year-to-date which is tracking the $13 billion full year guidance that we provided in the fourth quarter. While our returns on alternatives and fair value option securities were weaker than expected this quarter, on a year-to-date basis, alternatives approximate our 8% annual expectation. Our fair value option fixed maturity securities have returned just shy of 4% year-to-date and are expected to return the low end of our historical 6% to 8% assumption if rates remain at current levels. As we have stated, we view a steady rise in interest rates as an incremental positive for our businesses. Reserves were stable again this quarter with no prior year development of note and overall actual versus expected claims trends continued to come in better than expected. The $63 million of reported net favorable reserve development this quarter largely results from a quarterly amortization of the deferred gain on the ADC. Favorable development in Commercial was offset by adverse development in North America Personal Insurance, which was mostly related to development on the 2017 Southern California wildfires. I would also note that our ultimate loss estimates on Harvey, Irma, Maria continued to hold up well. We reviewed claims trends across the portfolio and completed Detailed Valuation Reviews, or DVRs, on roughly 20% of total reserves during the second quarter and did not see any material changes in reserves or loss picks. With respect to our adverse development cover shown on page 44 of the financial supplement, cumulative payments on ADC subject business to the end of the second quarter 2018 were $17.1 billion. Paid claims continue to remain in line with our original payout and ultimate loss projections at inception. Our estimate of our full year adjusted effective tax rate increased to between 22% and 23% as a result of tax discrete items and our continued analysis of the impact of U.S. tax reform on our operations. As a result, the second quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 25% to catch up to the full year expectation. Our balance sheet and free cash flow remained strong. As shown on slide 6, parent liquidity at quarter end was $9.3 billion, not yet reduced for the $5.5 billion paid for Validus in July. We continue to view the target level of liquidity at the holding company to be between $3 billion and $4 billion. Cash proceeds in the quarter included $1.4 billion of dividends from our insurance subsidiaries and tax sharing payments of $400 million. Our base case for annual dividends and tax payments from our insurance subs remains $6 billion, although we see potential upside from non-recurring flows. Our capital ratios for our Life and Retirement companies are above target levels as are the capital ratios for GI and DSA Re. Our strong balance sheet should continue to provide us ongoing financial flexibility. During the quarter, we deployed approximately $350 million towards the purchase of common shares at an average price of $53.47. Since quarter end through August 2, we repurchased an additional $150 million of common shares leaving our remaining authorization at approximately $1.5 billion. We will continue to deploy capital opportunistically, prioritize investing in our growth and use share repurchase as a tool. Slide 7 depicts our capital structure and ratings. Our financial leverage ratio remains within our target range. Since closing the Validus acquisition, we have guaranteed Validus preferred stock and senior notes thereby ending Validus' requirement to make periodic filings with the SEC and initiated the process to amend Validus' senior note indenture to more closely align it to AIG senior indenture. Turning to slide 8, we recently announced the sale of 19.9% of DSA Re to Carlyle. As an 80.1% owner, we will retain the benefit of tax sharing payments. DSA Re is a standalone run-off composite reinsurer with $42 billion of assets and $39 billion of liabilities that can be scaled over time to provide solutions for P&C and Life Insurance liabilities globally. I'd like to comment on the strategic rationale for our transaction, valuation and capital implications. We've monetized almost $11 billion in Legacy assets over the last two plus years, and at its peak Legacy represented roughly 24% of our deployed capital. Our transaction with Carlyle further advances our objective to reduce capital tied up in long-term risks that don't meet our hurdle rates. We view Carlyle as an ideal partner to help build out DSA Re for long-term success, given their operational expertise, and investment alignment to ensure we originate high quality assets at competitive fees. Our focus is on working with Carlyle to ensure the entity is operational on a standalone basis, which we would expect would take about 18 months. Subject to certain adjustments specified in the purchase agreement, Carlyle will pay us approximately $476 million, of which $381 million will be paid at closing and $95 million will be paid five years from now. Currently, we've also planned a non-pro rata dividend to AIG within 18 months following closing. If we're unable to make this distribution, Carlyle will pay us an incremental $100 million to account for the unrealized dividend. As a result, the valuation for the 19.9% stake is effectively one times DSA Re total shareholders' equity at March 31, 2018 of $2.9 billion. As part of the transaction, we've also agreed to provide Carlyle a five-year cover against adverse development on $5 billion of General Insurance reserves up to their investment amount. Note, there is no reserve cover provided on the approximately $31 billion of life and annuity reserves. The proceeds from the transaction are free to be deployed for capital management purposes and we do not see any material impacts to EPS or ROE. We will highlight in the 10-Q that the intercompany transactions to set up DSA Re resulted in prepaid insurance assets on the ceding subsidiaries GAAP balance sheets. In addition to realizing a GAAP gain or loss in the event of a potential sale of our controlling interest in DSA Re, we may recognize a loss for the portion of the unamortized balance of the intercompany prepaid reinsurance assets and related DAC that are not recoverable. These last two items currently total about $3 billion after tax. Despite this, if we were to sell our remaining position in DSA Re today, we would improve our excess capital position and free cash flow as our statutory capital ratios would not be impacted. Our estimates for the net impact of any potential sale will depend on a wide range of factors including the ultimate valuation, timing, reserve development, and market performance. Our build-out of DSA Re affords us great flexibility to consider our options around participating in the run-off market. As always, we'll continue to evaluate all of our strategic options and keep you updated. I would also like to call your attention to some other noteworthy changes to our financial supplement this quarter. First, you will see that we added disclosure of quarterly ceded premiums for General Insurance on page 13 of the financial supplement as well as NPW by product on page 14. Page 14 now presents investment portfolio returns by asset class on an operating basis to better align with how we report results. This schedule had previously included our fair value hedges of living benefits which are reported below the line in GAAP results. Finally, we added the balance sheet breakdown by segment on page 10. To sum up, we continue to make progress towards delivering long-term profitable growth, reducing volatility and maintaining a strong balance sheet and free cash flow profile. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. My comments today will focus on the progress General Insurance has made in executing against our key priorities and update on the Validus acquisition which recently closed, our second quarter financial results including an overview of current market conditions and our expectations for the second half of 2018. As Brian shared, we continue to focus on achieving underwriting profitability on an exit run rate basis by the end of 2018. Our top priority is to improve the core performance of General Insurance through risk selection, altering our mix of business, managing gross and net limits to reduce volatility and continuing to add high quality underwriters to our team. Tom Bolt, our Chief Underwriting Officer, is partnering with our business leaders to implement a new underwriting framework to better position us in the market. We started to reduce gross and net limits in both property and casualty during the first half of the year. And we are taking actions to improve financial performance in challenged areas of our business. As I've discussed previously, our revised underwriting and reinsurance strategies will result in a better net mix of business and an improved risk profile. Since last quarter, we expanded our European Casualty excess of loss program to cover the entire international business and entered into a new U.S. terrorism facility that reduced net exposures for our in-force commercial property policies. In addition, we're actively engaging with our reinsurance partners on opportunities for the second half of 2018. From an organizational perspective, we continue to make significant progress. The General Insurance leadership team is in place with Anthony Vidovich, our Chief Claims Officer; and Mark Lyons, our Chief Actuary, having joined AIG during the second quarter. As a team, we have invested a significant amount of time meeting with business leaders to assess performance and align on operational principles. As a result, we've made a number of changes in leadership and structure in underperforming businesses. While making these changes, we continue to build momentum in recruiting talent with track records of strong underwriting performance and have hired 125 senior underwriters globally since the beginning of the year. We were pleased to recently announce that David McElroy will join AIG as CEO of our Lexington business on October 4. David's leadership will have a meaningful impact on our positioning and performance in the excess and surplus lines market. With respect to our end-to-end business units, we are transforming the way we operate, optimizing our businesses and instituting cost transparency. As Sid stated earlier, the second quarter restructuring charges illustrates our ongoing efforts to eliminate redundancies, streamline our operations, drive process improvement and instill accountability for expenses. Finally, we're excited about the recent closing of Validus acquisition. The addition of Validus to our organization signifies demonstrable progress in pursuing profitable growth, adding deep expertise in several segments of the business and strengthening the capabilities we bring to our clients. I'm very pleased to welcome our new Validus colleagues to AIG and look forward to bringing our collective skills together to bring greater value and more compelling solutions to the market. Turning to our second quarter results for General Insurance, slide 10 provides details on overall performance. Second quarter net premiums written increased 2%, excluding FX compared to the prior year quarter, primarily driven by growth in Personal Insurance. We continue to expect that 2018 net premiums written will be relatively flat to 2017, while our mix of business shifts as a result of our underwriting and reinsurance strategies. With respect to profitability, the second quarter calendar year combined ratio benefited from lower than expected CAT losses and favorable prior year development. The adjusted accident year combined ratio was 101 and core business results were largely in line with expectations. The adjusted accident year loss ratio of 65.4% includes 4.5 points of severe losses, which is about 2.5 points higher than our historical average compared to benign severe and attritional losses activity in the prior year quarter. The severe losses were largely attributable to policies incepted in 2017 and earlier and we believe the underwriting changes we are making will address the root causes of these losses as they earn into our financial results over time. During past earnings calls, I've shared our intent to balance gross and net limits, while bringing quality and consistency to our underwriting guidelines to stabilize performance. To that end, one of the initiatives we've undertaken is to reduce property, underwriting limits from $2.5 billion globally to $1 billion in the U.S. and $750 million internationally with the exception of fronted policies, which coincides with changes being made to authorities that will result in lower exposures across the portfolio. We are also in the process of revising our use of deductibles, reducing exposure to certain industries and putting new team of seasoned underwriters in place. When assessing our severe loss exposure, we believe it's appropriate to look at the full year results versus quarterly year-over-year comparisons. For 2018, we have a severe loss aggregate cover with a $415 million attachment point against which we've incurred approximately $290 million in year-to-date losses, thereby limiting our exposures in the second half of the year to bring us in line with our full year severe loss ratio expectation of approximately 2% to 2.5%. With that in mind, the adjusted accident year loss ratio in the second quarter was in line with the full year 2017 result, reflecting improvements in mix. The second quarter expense ratio increased approximately 150 basis points compared to full year 2017. This increase was driven largely by higher acquisition expenses in Personal Insurance, a trend we discussed last quarter and that we expect will continue as we shift the Personal Insurance business toward lower loss ratio and higher commission business. The quarter also included a benefit from $115 million non-recurring multi-year policy adjustment that Sid discussed. As Brian described, reducing expenses approximately 200 basis points from our current run rate remains a significant priority and will be a leading driver of our profitability improvements in the second half of the year. Slides 11 and 12 provide North America's and international second quarter financial results. North America Commercial showed an improvement in non-severe attritional losses and a reduction in CAT exposure. Personal Insurance's adjusted accident year loss ratio was largely in line with the full year 2017 result and its business mix changes were the main driver of North America's increased acquisition ratio. In International, we were pleased that Personal Insurance had another strong quarter delivering an adjusted accident year combined ratio of 93.5%. That result was partially offset by severe and non-severe attritional losses in Commercial. With respect to Japan, it has been seven months since we completed the merger of AIU and Fuji Fire Marine. Current retention levels are in line with our expectations and new business has shown sequential improvement following some anticipated fluctuations shortly after completion of the merger. Moving on to current market conditions, rates have remained broadly consistent with our experience over the past few quarters. In North America, overall rates increased approximately 3% during the quarter. North America property continue to show the highest rate improvement, and increases range from approximately 7% to 10% on average across segments with the most significant changes in E&S property. North America admitted casualty rate increases were approximately 3% in the aggregate with wide variation among individual risk space on the line, attachment point and loss history. We have observed increasing loss cost trends in certain lines with the exception of workers' comp and we carefully review these trends as we make underwriting and pricing decisions by line of business. Transitioning to our outlook for the remainder of the year, our path to improving the adjusted accident year combined ratio will be driven by several factors. These include execution of our expense run rate initiatives discussed earlier, the inclusion of Validus in General Insurance's financial results which could provide up to 100 basis points of improvement; partial realization of our underwriting actions to remediate underperforming lines and grow profitable business; and reinsurance agreements entered in during the second half of the year. While the first half of the year has been focused on addressing volatility and underperforming businesses within the portfolio, we expect to provide additional clarity on the impact of our strategic changes during our third quarter call. In closing, over the last three quarters, General Insurance has made meaningful progress against our strategic priorities that will improve core financial performance as we enter into 2019. We are confident that the decisions we have made and the actions we are taking, will position the business for the future and create long-term value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on slide 14, Life and Retirement delivered strong results for the quarter with $962 million in adjusted pre-tax income and an adjusted ROE of 15%. As Sid mentioned, our results benefited from net positive actuarial items with positive and negative adjustments in some of the business lines. This benefit was offset by lower yield enhancement and alternative investment income as well as higher gross operating expenses compared to the prior year quarter. Last year, gross operating expenses benefited from the release of a legal reserve in Group Retirement. Asset growth over the last 12 months drove increases in total investment income and fee income. We continue to deploy capital to attractive opportunities, leveraging our broad product portfolio and channel strategy. We increased premiums and deposits across our businesses emphasizing growth in Fixed Annuities, Index Annuities, Group Retirement and Life Insurance and executing opportunistic transactions in Institutional Markets. We continue to see growing contribution from our international businesses and strengthened our U.K. individual life platform with the bolt-on acquisition of Ellipse, a small technology-driven group life business focused on the small and medium sized employer market. Ellipse represents an excellent strategic and financial complement to our U.K. business, which has performed well and already represents around 20% of our worldwide life new business. Now, I will briefly discuss results for each of our businesses. Turning to Individual Retirement on slide 15, Variable Annuities sales remained low in the quarter as we chose not to deploy capital at returns below our hurdle rates. We delivered strong Fixed Annuity and Index Annuity growth for the quarter and net flows improved for both of these product lines. Overall Individual Retirement net flows remained negative and were down from the prior year quarter due to higher outflows of Retail Mutual Funds. Fee income increased, driven by growth in assets under management. We continued our practice of active spread management, but as expected, we saw continued compression for our Fixed Annuity portfolio due to the runoff of higher yielding assets and lower reinvestment yields. Base net investment spread for Variable and Index Annuities benefited from higher accretion and other investment income. After adjusting for these items, spread increased slightly for these product lines. Turning to Group Retirement on slide 16, we increased premiums and deposits with growth in periodic deposits and strong new group acquisition. Our net flows for Group Retirement remained negative and were down from the prior year quarter with surrenders impacted by the loss of a few large plans. As I have mentioned on previous earnings calls, we expect to see natural attrition among some larger groups due to planned sponsors, reducing the number of providers and their plans and M&A activity in the healthcare market. We continue to believe that our differentiated model which combines high touch and high tech service positions us well as a leader in the growing not-for-profit defined contribution market. Similar to Individual Retirement, assets under administration grew and we continue to actively manage spreads. Base net investment spread for Group Retirement benefited from accretion and other investment income. Adjusting for these items, spread was in line with the prior year quarter. While new money rates have increased, they continue to be below portfolio yields and spreads continued to be at historically tight levels. Looking forward across Individual and Group Retirement, absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, our current expectation is that our base net spreads will decline by approximately 0 basis points to 2 basis points per quarter. Let's now move to Life Insurance on slide 17. It is important to note that adjusted pre-tax operating income was impacted by positive actuarial adjustments of $98 million for the quarter. We continue to make progress in our Life business and our planned separation from DSA Re will allow us to further focus on our new business platform. Total premiums and deposits increased and we continue to grow sales in the U.S. and the U.K. with particularly strong new business growth in the U.K. Lastly, our overall mortality experience was within pricing expectations. Turning to slide 18, in Institutional Markets we continue to execute our opportunistic strategy. We executed a large GIC transaction during the quarter. Although we do not participate in any notable pension risk transfer deals during the quarter, the market pipeline to these transactions over the next 12 months to 18 months continues to be robust. Overall, our Institutional Markets business continues to be well-positioned to capitalize on available growth, while remaining focused on achieving targeted economic returns. To close, our results for the quarter reflect our ongoing strategy to leverage our broad product expertise and distribution strength to deploy capital to the most attractive opportunities, which we believe continues to position us well. Now, I would like to turn it back to Brian.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. Before we open it up to Q&A, I want to highlight all the progress we've made to-date, and how well positioned we are going forward. When I rejoined AIG, I said we would pursue profitable growth that is organic and inorganic. This past July, we closed on the company's first acquisition of size in 17 years by acquiring Validus. You also heard us speak of the year of the underwriter and we created a leadership team of industry experts with proven track records. As said, our composite structure provides meaningful value to our stakeholders and this quarter showed the balance Life and Retirement's consistent earnings double-digit returns and strong cash flow bring to AIG. And finally, we described our prudent approach to managing capital. Yesterday, we announced the partial sale of DSA Re, another significant step to exit our Legacy business allowing us to deploy capital at higher returns. All these actions move AIG towards profitable and sustainable growth. We continue to pursue top quartile performance with a strong sense of urgency. I could not be more pleased with the leadership team and colleagues across AIG, and I'm confident that our financial results will soon reflect their efforts. And with that, we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our first question from Ryan Tunis of Autonomous. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I guess my question was in General Insurance looking at the attritional loss ratio, and even assuming, I guess, just the average cap  I'm sorry, severe loss load. There wasn't any sequential improvement, it was around 63%, 63.1% just like last quarter. Just curious why wouldn't (34:46) I see more improvement there on the non-property side?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Peter, do you want to do this?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Sure. I think we have. If you were to take our 2017 year-end exit and you adjust and taking what we saw for increased frequency on the severes, what we've done in terms of some of the Personal Insurance has actually seen a benefit of around 100 basis points. I think some of that is just, again, masked with some of the other things that are happening where we had a little bit more frequency on attritional and our International Commercial and a little bit of business mix shift in the United States, and saw a little bit more frequency in our high net worth book than we have on keeping up with loss cost trends. So I think all-in-all, we had seen a slight improvement. It's just that there's a little bit more variables in the second quarter that doesn't necessarily identify it.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Yeah. Thanks. And then...
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay, Ryan?
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: Yeah, sorry, I guess just on reserves curious about an update on what you guys have, I guess, gotten through year-to-date? And is it that there's more in the Casualty stuff still to be looked at in the third quarter and fourth quarter? That was one question. And the second part of that was mentioning in some lines you guys are seeing some signs of elevated loss trend but then your actual or expected still look pretty good on the reserves. I guess just trying to square those comments and why we shouldn't necessarily be concerned that pickup in loss trend could translate to some charges. Thanks.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Well, we did about 20% of the reserves in the second quarter. Obviously, 80% to go, some of that was Casualty, there's some Casualty to go. But I think you had to keep in mind that we look at all of it. I mean we don't just look at the 20% and not look at the 80%. So if we had seen something untoward, we would have pulled it forward. We didn't see that. So, I think, all-in-all I'm quite pleased with where we are with the reserves activity. Yeah, you could see increases in maybe some loss activity which might adjust our 2018 accident year numbers, so we would raise those a little bit but that would not necessarily affect loss reserves for 2017 and prior. And there, things are holding well. So we're not, as I say, going back to looking at 100%. All of that seems to be fairly stable. So I hope that answers the question, Ryan. Next question  next questioner? Josh?
Operator: We will now take our next question from Josh [Deutsche Bank Securities].
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hello. Thank you. So my two questions are very similar. One is what is the improvement expected on a run rate basis from the inclusion of Validus' numbers into your combined ratio? And two, how much improvement do you expect to see in the expense ratio in 4Q from the restructuring initiatives you report during the quarter?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. In my prepared remarks, I said one point for Validus.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Only one point, okay.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, you know it's about 10% of the portfolio and it produces a good combine. So I think that's a pretty good number one point because it adds a very significant good underwriting combined business to our portfolio. But it is 10%. I also said that we've got a restructuring charge in the second quarter, we're going to continue to do work in the remaining second half of the year. All-in-all with the restructuring and other things that we're addressing in expense, we would expect the expense ratio for General Insurance to improve by two points.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: In the next six months or over the longer-term?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, no, I put that out so you could get some understanding of when I talk about entering 2019 that business would be showing a 2% expense ratio improvement. Now, you know you could have expense ratio improvements but it won't necessarily all show up in fourth quarter because you could still have some spend -- partial spend in the quarter that would be discontinued by the end of the year. So it's an entry rate into 2019.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. My first question is around -- some clarifications around the exit target for 2018. When you say exit, is that a 4Q target or is that really where you're starting 2019? And then, when you've talked about the 1% improvement -- potential improvement from Validus, is that with or without PGAAP adjustments, namely is it with lower amortization for deferred assets -- deferred acquisition cost, sorry?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Well, let's take the exit first. So the fourth quarter will be based on earned premiums that were produced over the previous -- written premiums over the previous 12 months. So I'm not saying the fourth quarter is going to be under 100, but what I'm saying is the earned premiums that we produced which enter into 2019 in the first quarter we expect to be producing a combined ratio under 100. And we would expect further improvement through the year. I'm not going to tell you what my numbers might be. But I'm trying to get across to everyone that there is improvement in this book. It's not a straight line, but the line is an improvement line. And we will start to show underwriting profitability, not anywhere near where it should be, but we'll start to show underwriting profitability as we enter 2019 and exit 2018. And Validus is the  it's the published results to Validus, so it's going to include all the adjustments that would be made.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So in other words the Validus part will not include the deferred acquisition amortization?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Well, we haven't concluded on our PGAAP work. We'll update you in the third quarter on our numbers if that's what you guys are asking for the size of that.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mr. Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning. First question to follow up in the combined ratio. And if I start with 101 percentages combined ratio in the second quarter you take out two points from above average severe losses and then two points improvement from expense ratio and one point from Validus, then adding back four points AAL you're essentially at breakeven 100%. So my question is that you probably won't stop there. So where do you see opportunities for further improvements beyond 2018?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, thank you for the arithmetic on that. I said why wouldn't it be the top quartile and how do we get there? You got to continue to address the underwriting that we've been doing. We have to see the results and believe the results saying Casualty where it takes a while for the improvements to manifest themselves. So we will have loss picks which we will be -- which will have some conservative nature to them as all reserves should and we'll let those emerge and we'll see what happens. So our expectations and improvements we're doing will show up even great over time, but we need to see it. And you need to see it. So it's a market that is dynamic and prices are -- movement all the time. So you have to continually address what you're doing on a daily basis. And that could mean, you buy more reinsurance, it could mean the volumes go down, it could mean that prices are hardening and your volumes go up. So it's an actively managed portfolio. That actively managed portfolio will continue to improve and one of the big issues is our expense levels. Our expense levels even with that 2% improvement is nowhere near where it needs to be. So you'll see us address not just the pricing side and the loss ratio, but you'll see us address -- continue to address the expenses. Expense management is a way of life. It's got to be a way of life in this company. And I think those are the two things will get us down to -- get us to that top quartile position.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. My follow-up on the DSA Re, do you think the partial sale make it even harder or easier to eventual divest the remaining 80%? And what are your plans for the other three Legacy books?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, okay. So it's a partial sale, make it easier or harder. Well, we have a partner and we are working together to create the companies -- a truly standalone company with an operational capability that I believe would make it easier not harder. And it gives us the optionality to do that or not do that. So I think it's a very good trend that we have. The rest of the Legacy, as Sid pointed out, we've been managing the Legacy for a long time. I think the results speak for themselves. We'll continue to look at it. If there's opportunities to do something else with the remaining Legacy, we will. But I think it's getting to a point where it stops being as noteworthy. Sid?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, I mean I think with this transaction that addresses the vast bulk of our Legacy portfolio, there are some remaining pieces which are both on the liability side and investment side. But we'll deal with those, of course, in what I would call normal course here. I think we're very pleased with the progress that this transaction represents.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Next question.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. So my first question, going back to the General Insurance margin discussion, so if we back out the severe losses -- the access level you guys are about in line with like you said the exit run rate from last year. So you've spoken a lot of time on the last several calls about all these business mix improvement initiatives, re-underwriting, purchasing and more reinsurance which seems to be a big part of the improvement you expect. Should we start to expect to see some of that flow through in the back half of the year in the third quarter or the fourth quarter that would drive some improvement away from the expense initiatives and bringing on Validus? Or just given how the earned comes in, is that more a part of improving on the combined ratio once we get into 2019?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Peter?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. So what Brian said in his opening comments, I mean really the components we talked about expense, we talked about Validus, we expect to see improvement in the accident year loss ratios over time and so was an example of that. We're getting rate on property. We saw a positive trend. It was one quarter, but on the attritionals and property. And so if you normalize out some of the severe and see some of the attritional as we go from a large limit strategy to a more concentrated, we still have a very big presence in the market in terms of our ability to put out limit, but we're going to watch deductibles, we're going to watch in terms of how much risk we take on any one in particular account. But that also goes into how we are positioning excess Casualty financial lines and a lot of our businesses across all of AIG. And then I think the reinsurance, Elyse, was what we had talked leading up until now has been heavily focused on reducing volatility, making sure we're addressing some of the large limit. We saw benefit in the PML. We've seen benefits in AAL and property. And as we look to the back half of the year, we're going to look at our entire portfolio, in particular, Casualty and be very strategic on how we look at the reinsurance with partners in the reinsurance market and we would expect to see a benefit from that in 2019.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you. And then my second question you guys just recently closed on the Validus transaction. Brian, you've spoken a lot about M&A and your aspirations to continue to grow the company. Now that that deal is done we're sitting halfway through the year, how are you thinking about additional M&A opportunities from here? And what things are you considering on both the Property Casualty as well as the Life Insurance side?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, thanks, Elyse. Well, I think I've said this quite a few times in these calls about what priorities we would have. And yes, I always look for acquisitions. But we have our standards and Validus was a great example of our standards. I mean it filled in parts of portfolio that we didn't have, it added great people and capabilities to the company. So we continue to look for businesses that do that that, that bring great people make us better and add to the portfolio mix. So Life Insurance would be a place I would look if I could. So where we have somewhat -- we're somewhat confined geographically if we could spread our capabilities out, we have got great skill sets around retirement, the demographics of this world are pretty consistent, people getting older and more in need of our capabilities every minute. If we could find that, that'd be great. We have an international footprint. I'd love to maximize that better than we have in the past and then there's elements of our General Insurance business in the U.S. where we're dominated with large Commercial where I'd like to have some balance large and small. Now, having said that, acquisitions are very difficult to predict, a lot of things have to go right and I can't tell you we'll do one anytime in the near future. I just don't know. But I do look and you can't find a great one if you're not looking. So we look. Okay, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Tom Gallagher of Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Good morning. First, say, just on DSA Re, the $3 billion potential GAAP book value write-down that you'd referenced for the reinsurance. Would that  if you do take that and that assumes if you divest it, would that reduce allocated equity to the Legacy segment or is that not going to be an adjustment there? And my related question is because if you strip out the $3 billion from DSA Re, it would imply you still have, what, $5 billion or $6 billion of allocated equity in Legacy. So I'm just curious, what is left in there and is there that much capital or equity still in the run-off lines?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: No, Tom, I think you're spot on. The intercompany that we referenced is in Legacy, and so any impact would reside in the Legacy segment to book equity. And the remaining  in response to Kai's question, the remaining pieces of Legacy outside of DSA Re and this would be relatively small. So there's a small subset of insurance liabilities, which we feel we largely can manage in normal course and then a small subset of invested assets, which I think our CIO, Doug Dachille and the team have done a great job on over the last couple of years.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Got it. And then my follow-up is, Brian, if I'm following the numbers here correctly, you get the 1 point from Validus, an improvement in the combined that you're expecting 2 points on expense ratio. And if you're run rating right now 103, 104, those two levers pretty much get you to your target. Does that imply you're not expecting much improvement in the underlying loss ratio or is that incremental? How should we think about that?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I highlighted the two just to let you know that there is quite significant clear work that has already been done. So the rest of it is the activity around the loss ratio, and we expect that to improve. We expect that to improve. And I said the further improvement between that  the reinsurance is also an additional part of how that's going to improve. And you want to make sure you cross the line. So, you need to make sure you go a little farther than maybe indicated so you go far enough. So we would expect all of that puts and takes to get us under that 100 as we cross into 2019. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mr. Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. On reserves, you have a new Chief Actuary one with really great experience. Is there any plan to change the methodology with which you examine and assess your reserves?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, he's a great addition. We talked about him earlier. Well, look, he's a thorough professional and he will, I hope, do continuous improvement on what we do so that we remain  that we continue to improve constantly. So I can't imagine that we would stay status quo. Now having said that, I've said earlier in previous discussions, I'm comfortable with our methodology and process, but everything can be improved. So I fully expect that he will continue to improve it. Yes, absolutely. Go ahead, Jay.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then the second question, with the transaction with Carlyle, does that transaction suggest the pace of the run-off of DSA will accelerate or slow down or not change?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Sid?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I think, Jay, it's Sid, as we've reminded you, I think obviously the liabilities for DSA of course are very long duration in nature, so well north of 10 years. So just simply by executing the transaction, I think we've accelerated the pace. And everything we do is around evaluating what maximizes value and we felt this transaction maximizes value for us.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, it's going to run off the way it runs off. I mean, I don't think the sale of it in any way changes how it's going to run off. If it goes faster, it goes faster.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg of Janney Montgomery Scott. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning. And thank you. So it looks like you removed the AAL line from the supplement this quarter. I'm just curious your rationale for that? And then if you could, I know with Validus you, I believe, said that your aggregate shouldn't increase. But can you give us an idea of how to think about CAT loads going forward?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Sure. Let me  I'll let Peter talk about the Validus and the aggregate and everything. So look, we are cognizant of AAL, mentioned it earlier. We know we've got to recognize that there is a recognition of the long-term nature of the catastrophe exposures that we take on. But I want to be consistent with the way we report versus everybody else and so we will update our thinking on AAL. But I just  I'm not going to go through all the arithmetic of with and without so that when we talk about our numbers, they're easily comparable to the rest of the industry. But you will have the information that you need to do whatever you need to do to include the AAL. Now, Peter, do you want talk about the Validus and our aggregates?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. So we talked, I think, in the past couple of quarters about the PML reductions. The AAL's for AIG alone dropped about 20% from five to four through actions of re-underwriting as well as reinsurance. When we were doing diligence on Validus, again, we will need to refresh it but we just basically kept them flat where they had about an 8% load for AALs and made that  the combination has AIG and Validus down about in the 4.5% plus or minus range. So even with the addition, we're below where we were at this time last year and as we exited 2017 and expected that the combination will be slightly lower than where last year. We'll give you an update as we look to the third quarter and fourth quarter.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Thank you. And my second one and this is probably not a question you would look for to answer, Brian. But I think the world is just kind of wondering. There was a restructuring program prior to you getting to AIG. And I think the world is just wondering if anything was really accomplished during that time? I mean it really feels like you guys have had to go back to ground zero and start from scratch and just wondering if you'd be willing to comment on that.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I don't know, Larry. In fairness a lot was done. $2 billion of expenses were taken out. I mean, please, that's a lot of -- that's heavy lifting. That's a lot of stuff. But once that was all done and you take a look at the results, the expense ratios remain high. And so, all it said was more needed to be done. That was a beginning but not an end. And I said expense management, it's got to be a way of life around here. And so we'll continue to look at it. We have to address, maybe some things weren't addressed. We're addressing it now like our manual processes and things like that. But no, I don't want to -- no, it's not fair. There was a lot of good work being done prior to my arrival in expenses. We just have to continue it. That's all.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, we are running out of time. So I think at this point, we should end this and I just want to, once again, thank the investor community for staying with us on this. It's not a straight line, but it is an improving line and the results will begin to show themselves. I want to thank all my colleagues the great work that you're doing as we make this company a great company. So thank you, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc. Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc. Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc. Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc. Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.
Analysts: Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's First Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Derik, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2017 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for today's presentation and our financial supplement, which are available on our website. This morning, you'll have the opportunity to hear from members of our senior management team including our CEO, Brian Duperreault; our CFO, Sid Sankaran; our CEO of General Insurance, Peter Zaffino; and our CEO of Life and Retirement, Kevin Hogan. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'd like to reflect on the past 11 months, our first quarter results, and our future outlook. It's nearly a year since my return to AIG and over that time we've driven a meaningful change and have accomplished a great deal. During last year, we successfully reorganized our businesses into General Insurance and Life and Retirement and have attracted world class talent and that momentum is picking up augmenting an already strong talent base. We benefited from the change in federal regulatory status and are no longer a nonbank SIFI. We showed incredible strength and resiliency, both financially and as an organization in the wake of unprecedented catastrophes over the last three quarters and entered the year with an extremely strong balance sheet. We created DSA Re, a more focused, single entity capital efficient structure for managing our runoff and we announced the strategic acquisition of Validus, which is on track to close in mid-2018. Our strategy to grow AIG and position it for long term profitable growth is taking hold. The first quarter demonstrated solid progress and another period of earnings stability. For the quarter, we reported $1.2 billion of pre-tax operating income, including $376 million in catastrophe losses as well as high severe and winter weather losses. The actions we've been taking to reduce volatility should continue to be evident in our future results. Peter will provide more detail on the execution of our reinsurance strategy across products and geographies. General Insurance first quarter underwriting results were in line with 2017 full year results despite higher severe and winter storm losses. Our reserves were stable and we had positive net development of over $100 million, including the ongoing $62 million in amortization of our ADC gain. Sid will speak to reserves and our ADC, where claims came in as expected. Stability was also evident in our first quarter Life and Retirement results. Returns were solid despite continuing spread compression and we remain disciplined in writing new business, focusing this quarter on Life and Index Annuities, while maintaining steady Group Retirement deposits and engaging in opportunistic Institutional Markets transactions. Kevin will speak to the outlook for these businesses. Last quarter, I said 2017 was a starting point from which we would improve upon and we remain confident in our positive trajectory. I've mentioned on past calls we don't provide guidance. That said, I have declared 2018 as the year of the underwriter and we do expect to deliver an underwriting profit by the end of this year as we enter 2019, reaching a combined ratio of below 100% will come through a combination of actions to improve loss and expense ratios. We also expect to reach top quartile book value growth and return on equity performance over time as a result of our decisive actions and the investments we're making to position the company for long-term profitable growth. In addition to working towards certain financial goals, we will also measure our success in attracting and retaining top talent, focusing on increasing diversity and inclusion across AIG, modernizing and updating our systems and technology and managing risk. My entire leadership team is committed to the goals I've outlined and our sense of urgency will continue. Now I will turn it over to Sid to give you more insight into the financial results.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll comment on our first quarter financial results, our capital and liquidity position, and provide an update on the status of the Validus acquisition and DSA Re. Turning to slide 4, we reported adjusted after-tax earnings per share of $1.04 and an adjusted core ROE of 8.6%, which reflected $376 million of pre-tax catastrophe losses, which were over $100 million higher than our quarterly AAL. For financial reporting purposes, we assume that our AAL is spread evenly throughout the year. Cat losses included $171 million from the California mudslides in early January, $122 million from U.S. winter storms and approximately $80 million in losses from the Papua New Guinea earthquake. The majority of our cat losses were in our North American Personal Insurance business. The General Insurance accident year loss ratio as adjusted was 63.1% for the quarter, which was in line with full year 2017. This reflected improvements in our International Commercial loss ratios as well as the portfolio mix in North American Casualty and Financial Lines. However, this improvement was offset by the net earned premium impact of changes to our reinsurance structure, higher severe losses and attritional losses related to non-cat winter weather that impacted both North American Commercial and Personal Insurance. We estimate that the above average impact of the U.S. winter storms increased GI's overall accident year loss ratio by about one point. As you can see from our financial supplement, changes to our reinsurance structure improve our AAL by over one point against full year 2017. Additionally, as we mentioned at year end, we completed our Japan merger. As a result of the merger, Fuji's fiscal period was conformed to that of AIU Japan, which resulted in recognition of an additional two months of pre-tax earnings of approximately $15 million. Peter will comment further on underwriting trends and the impact of reinsurance in his remarks. Our Life and Retirement businesses delivered another solid quarter of results with an adjusted ROE of 14.3% for the quarter, benefiting from better than expected alternative investment returns and $54 million in nonrecurring payments on structured securities. Kevin will speak to results and business trends further in his remarks. Book value per share ex AOCI and DTA was $56.10 at quarter end, up 2.5% for the quarter, or up 1.3% excluding the impact of changes in accounting principles. We continue to provide you with book value per share excluding both AOCI and our tax attribute DTA to align with how we report adjusted ROE. We continue to see the value of the tax attribute DTA as the present value of our future cash tax savings. Book value per share ex AOCI was $67.48 at quarter end. Additionally, net investment income from our Insurance operations including the legacy insurance portfolios, totaled $3.3 billion in the quarter or 9% lower than the $3.7 billion reported a year ago. While alternative investment returns exceeded our 8% expectation, the total was largely in line with the annual run rate we provided last quarter. For our Life and Retirement operations, we invested new money at an average yield of about 4% in the quarter, which is roughly 70 basis points lower than our portfolio yield, reflecting the duration of the portfolio. For General Insurance, our new money yield was 3.4% in the quarter, which is coming in line with portfolio yields. As we have stated, we view a steady rise in interest rates as an incremental positive for our businesses. As Brian mentioned, there was net favorable reserve development of $110 million this quarter, including the $62 million benefit related to the amortization of the deferred gain on the ADC. Across our portfolios, actual versus expected claims trends came in better than expected this quarter. However, we have not made any material changes to loss picks and long-tail lines and chosen to remain cautious. With respect to our adverse development cover shown on page 43 of the financial supplement, cumulative payments on ADC subject business to the end of the first quarter 2018 were $15.8 billion. This was in line with our original payout and held ultimate loss projections at inception. We continue to project that inception to-date payments will pierce the $25 billion attachment point around mid-year 2020, at which point claims will be paid 80% by Berkshire Hathaway and 20% by AIG. We anticipate normal quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in paid claims given the mix of business subject to the ADC. Discrete items brought our adjusted effective tax rate to 20% for the quarter. However, we continue to expect our full year adjusted effective tax rate to be between 21% and 22% before discrete items. Our balance sheet and free cash flow remains strong. As shown on slide 6, current liquidity at quarter end was $8.5 billion, reflecting debt issuances we completed in March. We view the target level of liquidity at the holding company to be between $3 billion to $4 billion, representing our annual interest payments, dividend payments and holding company costs. Cash proceeds in the quarter included $2.5 billion from the March debt issuances I just referred to, which replaced the $1.1 billion of debt maturities in January and will be used to partially fund the Validus acquisition. With respect to our acquisition of Validus, we remain on track for an expected closing in mid-2018. Following the closing, we'll report Talbot, our Lloyd's business, in the General Insurance International Commercial segment and the remaining Validus operations in the General Insurance North America Commercial segment. As part of aligning Validus to AIG business segments, we are also looking at the efficiency of the Validus legal entity and capital structure, once it is part of the larger AIG enterprise. We anticipate taking actions to better manage risk, capital, liquidity and leverage, after consulting with the appropriate regulators and receiving the necessary regulatory approvals. In the first quarter, we received $700 million of dividends from our insurance subsidiaries and tax sharing payments of $400 million including DSA Re. Our base case for annual dividends and tax payments from our insurance subsidiaries remains $6 billion, although we see potential upside from non-recurring flows. Our capital ratios at our P&C companies are at target levels. Our capital ratios for our Life and Retirement companies are above target levels, following the reinsurance and legacy life reserves through the DSA Re transaction. DSA Re is also above its target capital level. Our strong balance sheet should continue to provide us ongoing financial flexibility. We repurchased $300 million of common shares and warrants during the first quarter, leaving approximately $2 billion remaining under our share repurchase authorization. We continue to consider share repurchase as a tool in delivering long-term value to shareholders. To sum up, we had a solid quarter where we continued to execute on our strategy of delivering long-term profitable growth, reducing volatility and maintaining a strong balance sheet and cash flow profile. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Today, I will provide an update on the progress of General Insurance's strategic initiatives, discuss our first quarter results, and outline our view on current market conditions. Having recently returned from RIMS, where senior members of our underwriting and distribution teams held hundreds of meetings over a four-day period, I was very pleased with the meaningful support and interaction from our clients and broker partners who are taking note of General Insurance's new strategic direction and our high level of engagement to assist in solving risk issues. Turning to our initiatives, I would like to underscore my comments on previous calls that we are progressing toward a profitable business with less volatility as Brian described earlier. Our other main priorities include addressing underperforming segments, while growing profitable lines of business, reorganizing our end-to-end business units and attracting strong talent to transition our business to be more effective in the market. We are also continuing to reshape our reinsurance strategy to reduce net exposures in many areas of our business. During last quarter's call, I mentioned that we reduced our net exposures in North America Property Cat, reduced our net limits on our property per risk in Marine and purchased an international cat treaty. We took actions to further reduce volatility over the past quarter as we secured a new European Casualty excess of loss program. And we intend to expand it across the International business by the end of the second quarter. We entered into a new workers' compensation catastrophe treaty that includes terrorism and expanded our aerospace program by increasing our aggregate limit and reducing our net retention. While our reinsurance strategy will impact net premium written levels in the short-term, going forward our results should be less volatile. Turning to General Insurance's organizational structure, our leaders are making progress building their businesses and collaborating to instill a culture of accountability and excellence that empowers underwriters and delivers value to our clients and brokers. Tom Bolt joined us in January as Chief Underwriting Officer. And one of his first priorities has been to balance our gross and net per risk limits in select lines to further stabilize performance. Tom is working with our business leaders to align on risk appetite, improve our pricing capabilities and utilize data to make better informed decisions. Chris Townsend joined General Insurance's leadership team in March as the CEO of International. His early focus has been on finalizing the international structure, appointing leaders in our major geographies and better positioning AIG in the market by reviewing performance and risk appetite in certain countries. Most recently, we appointed Anthony Vidovich as our new Chief Claims Officer, along with other appointments for North America Casualty and U.S. Field operations. Further, a bit more on the Validus transaction, which Sid referred to in his remarks. Our transition planning process is proceeding well with the milestones for our various work streams on target. And we have retention agreements in place for the organization's top executives. We look forward to welcoming Validus and its talented group of colleagues to AIG. Turning to General Insurance's first quarter results on slide 8, we provided details on total premiums and profitability. I will focus my comments on underlying business performance excluding the impact of Fuji lag that Sid mentioned. First quarter net premiums written declined 10% year-over-year excluding foreign exchange and the Fuji merger lag elimination, driven by our 2018 North America property catastrophe reinsurance program and strategic actions within U.S. Casualty and Property. We continue to expect that 2018 net premiums written will be relatively flat to 2017. Moving to profitability, the first quarter included $376 million in cat losses, largely driven by Personal Insurance which Sid discussed. The adjusted accident year loss ratio of 63.1% was generally in line with last year and we were pleased to achieve improvements in our North America Commercial Long-Tail Lines and International Commercial businesses. These improvements were largely offset by the impact of reinsurance on net earned premiums, higher severe losses, non-cat winter weather and business mix changes. While our new cat reinsurance programs impacted the accident year loss ratio, they've driven a decline of approximately 20% in the total AAL. Our management of both growth and net exposures has improved the stability of our portfolio and reduced PMLs by approximately 40%. Shifting to expenses, overall expenses increased slightly excluding the Fuji catch-up, driven largely by higher acquisition expenses in Personal Insurance. On the same basis, the expense ratio increased 1.9 points, reflecting the decline in net earned premiums resulting from our strategic actions. As I mentioned last quarter, we are executing on various actions to reduce expenses that do not impact core underwriting as part of our new operating model. Slides 9 and 10 provide additional insight into North America and International first quarter results. North America's adjusted accident year loss ratio included the commercial long-tail improvements I referenced earlier and benefits from our business mix strategy in Personal Insurance, but increased acquisition ratio was largely driven by business mix changes. In International, the commercial adjusted accident year loss ratio improved compared to full year 2017 results and Personal Insurance continuing to perform profitably with slight deterioration due to winter weather. In Japan with the merger of AIU and Fuji Fire and Marine now complete, we're managing through the integration. We have experienced some reduction in new business following the merger which we had anticipated, but we expect to see improvement as we progress through the year. As Brian mentioned, we believe that our accident year combined ratio will improve under 100% on an exit run rate basis by the end of the year as our underwriting actions and efforts to manage expenses earn into our financial results. Regarding market conditions, we continue to see the strongest signs of improvement in U.S. Property. Largely in line with my commentary in the fourth quarter, rates improved in the high single-digits on average across the portfolio with the most significant increases being driven by E&S property. In U.S. Casualty, overall rate increases were similar to last quarter remaining in the low to mid-single-digits but with wide variations depending on line of business, attachment point and experience. We review loss cost trends and other variables regularly and adjust underwriting and pricing decisions accordingly. To recap the quarter, key initiatives are underway to improve General Insurance's core performance. We expect momentum will continue to build as the year progresses. While it takes some time for our underwriting actions to earn into the income statement, a combination of both loss ratio improvement and expense management will contribute to our 2018 exit run rate. We've implemented the right structure, are assembling a strong and experienced leadership team and are executing against a set of clear priorities to deliver value to our clients and brokers and enhance the strength of this terrific organization. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on slide 12, Life and Retirement produced solid results for the quarter generating $892 million in adjusted pre-tax income and producing a strong 14.3% adjusted ROE. As Sid mentioned, our results benefited from a $54 million transaction in non-recurring payments on structured securities, primarily in Group Retirement and Individual Retirement which is reflected in other yield enhancements. Asset growth over the last 12 months driven by strong equity markets has partially mitigated the impact of the low rate environment in our results. Finally, with the significant market volatility experienced during the quarter, I'm pleased to report that our hedging program for living benefit guarantees performed as expected, resulting in a modest hedging gain supported by our unique de risking product features. The breadth of our product portfolio and channel strategy remains our greatest strength, especially as industry sales continued to be challenged in the individual annuity market. In response to these conditions, we are emphasizing growth in Life Insurance and Index Annuities maintaining steady periodic deposits for Group Retirement and executing opportunistic transactions in Institutional Markets. In terms of environment, regulatory uncertainties have continued to significantly affect many distributors negatively impacting sales, particularly of variable annuities. In March, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ruled that the DOL overreached its authority in promulgating its fiduciary rule and the Department announced that it was suspending enforcements of the rule. The recently filed motions to intervene were denied. If no further action is taken, the Fifth Circuit's ruling has the effect of invalidating the DOL Fiduciary Rule in its entirety. However, the SEC lawmakers and state insurance regulators are separately engaged in reevaluating what is an appropriate standard of care for the sale of investment products and services with the SEC releasing a proposed package of new rule making in April. We believe that the publication of the SEC's proposal will help accelerate necessary dialogue across impacted stakeholders. In the face of this ongoing uncertainty, our strategy is to continue to support our distribution partners as their needs evolve with innovative solutions across our broad product portfolio. Now, I will briefly discuss results for each of our businesses. Turning to Individual Retirement on slide 13, fixed annuity and variable annuity sales declined in the quarter as we chose not to deploy capital at returns below our hurdle rates. We delivered strong Index Annuity growth for the quarter. However, overall Individual Retirement net flows remained negative and were worse than the prior year. Individual Retirement's assets under administration were at historical highs at quarter end driven by equity market performance and positive Index Annuity net flows which result in increased fee income. We also continued our practice of active spread management, but as expected we saw continued compression reflecting current reinvestment conditions. The year-over-year comparison of base net investment spread for Fixed Annuities also reflects higher unexpected accretion income for the first quarter of 2017. Turning to Group Retirement on page 14, our periodic deposits remained steady, while our group plan acquisitions declined primarily due to the timing of funding new large plans. Our momentum on the new group acquisition front is strong with good growth and confirmed new plans we expect to be funded this year. Our net flows remained negative and were worse than the prior year, with surrenders impacted by the loss of a few large plans. As we move forward, we expect to see certain natural attrition among larger groups due to planned sponsors reducing the number of providers in their plans and M&A activity in the health care market. Despite these headwinds, we believe that the investments we continue to make in our digital capabilities and operating platform combined with our VALIC Financial Advisors position us well as an industry leader in the not-for-profit defined contribution market. Similar to Individual Retirement, Group Retirement assets under administration were at historical highs at quarter end, but despite disciplined rate management experienced expected base yields and spread compression. While we have seen recent increases in risk free rates, as Sid mentioned, new money rates continue to be below portfolio yields and spreads continue to be at historically tight levels. Looking forward across Individual and Group Retirement absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, our current expectation is that our base net spreads will decline by approximately 0 to 2 basis points per quarter. Let's now move to Life Insurance on slide 15. Our Life Insurance business continued to make progress. In the U.S., our new modern administrative platform, distribution simplification efforts and narrowed product focus continue to support strong top-line growth. Our premiums and deposits increased and we had strong growth in both term and universal life insurance sales. While competition is robust, we are confident in our opportunities to grow and deploy capital writing new business at attractive returns. Lastly, our overall mortality experience was within pricing expectations and consistent with prior year. Turning to slide 16, in Institutional Markets, we continued to execute our opportunistic strategy. During the first quarter, we executed a large Federal Home Loan Bank Funding Agreement. Although we did not participate in any notable pension risk transfer transactions in the quarter, we continue to believe there is significant long-term opportunity in this market. Overall, our Institutional Markets business is well positioned to capitalize on available growth, while remaining focused on achieving targeted economic returns. To close, our results reflect our strong diversification of products and channels and our disciplined focus on writing profitable business, which we believe positions us well. Now, I would like to turn it back to Brian to open up to Q&A.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. Questions, please?
Operator: Thank you. And we'll move to our first question. This question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. My first question, I appreciate the guidance given for the below 100% combined ratio by the end of the year. Can you just give some color as we think about the seasonality in the book? And how you see from getting from the Q1 combined ratio to sub 100% in the fourth quarter? How do you envision the second and the third quarter progressing along?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, Elyse, thanks. Look, it's difficult to say that it's going to be in a straight line, but when I'm referring to that I'm also including an AAL charge here. So if you take the volatility of catastrophes out, I think we should be making steady progress. But I can't tell you that it's going to be divided by three or four and you get the answer for the reduction. And then remember, it's not just loss ratio. We've got a deal with our expense levels which clearly are too high. We know that. And that's an effort around the operating model in General Insurance which has to be both effective and efficient and both of those we're working on very diligently. But, just remember, it's got the AAL in it, so that's where the seasonality. I'm taking cat out and putting a charge-in. I hope that helps.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, that helps. And then, in terms of North America Commercial, when we think about getting to that sub 100% combined ratio including the AAL by the end of the year, what kind of margin are you thinking that you will get to within North America Commercial? And I understand there's lots of moving parts in the quarter, but that underlying loss ratio in North America was higher than the full year level which was kind of what you pointed to as a starting point there. So can we get an updated kind of starting point for how you see that Commercial Lines underlying loss ratio progressing this year? And can you quantify the level of non cat weather losses that might have impacted that number this quarter?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Sure. Once you do that, and we'll talk about the non-cat after you finish.
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Yes, okay. So as you said, Elyse, there's quite a bit going on in the quarter. When you take the impact of reinsurance, certainly that reduces our overall property earned premium in the quarter. So we're moving with positive rate but also remediating property and then having the headwind of the reinsurance. We're also rebalancing our Casualty book and getting out of more of the sort of lead excess casualty, getting after  making sure we're not doing lead on primary IPO and professional liabilities, so those things that we're doing to reposition the book. But, the consequences of that in terms of what happens a little bit with the loss ratio was that property reduced more, reposition the Casualty book. Casualty is not growing, but as a percentage of grow, it grew a little bit in the quarter, and so therefore that's what really had a little bit of a difference in the overall loss ratio. But our focus is, every day, what are we doing to stand up the businesses, laser focus on the accident year loss ratios within North America and doing everything we can to remediate that over the calendar year.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Winter storm losses. So that's Sid.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yes. Elyse, I'd point you to my comments in my script. It's about 1 point on the full year General Insurance ratio. That's a mix of both Commercial and Personal Insurance. We haven't broken it out further beyond that.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then so, can I just clarify one thing? When you assume a sub 100%, that with the AAL by the end of the year, does that assume that you're running at a sub 100% in North America Commercial?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: I think that may not have it, because the International runs at a better result. We're not going to have them stand still. We're expecting them to improve too. So I would say that the exit rate in North America probably will be above 100%. I'm not  it's the combined that I'm really talking about. And we need to get to an underwriting profit in this place, and we're going to do it.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, and good morning. First question on expense ratio. Deteriorated about 2 points year-over-year, a part of the  majority of that coming from the acquisition expense ratio. So could you talk a little bit more about how do you improve from here? Because is part of the reinsurance program is going to be more efficient because  and also on the G&A expense side?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Peter?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Sure. Kai, I think you have to start in North America and the Personal Insurance. And so we decided to strategically reposition the portfolio. And we had two significant wins in the travel in the end of last year that is starting to earn into 2018. And what's going to happen is we're going to see the acquisition expenses increase as a result of that change of mix of business. We also divested a business in 2017 as well. What you can't really see is that will improve the loss ratio in North America Personal Insurance. It's not obvious this quarter, because of what Sid pointed out on the non-cat winter storm. And there was a little bit more frequency in large losses within those winter storms. And so that masked the improvement we'll see in the loss ratio. So you should expect that the acquisition expenses that have increased will maintain, but will improve the loss ratio in North America as you look out to the next three quarters for the full year.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. My follow-up question on buybacks. Brian, you mentioned before you would prefer profitable growth versus share buybacks. And this quarter you guys bought back $300 million at the $55.41 each. So could you talk about what's your framework in deciding like when or how much to buy back?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: That's an interesting question, Kai. Yes. So, yes, I did buy back stock and we did. I said to you I would prefer to use our capital  and we're generating great capital here  to reinvest in the company. And that is add to capabilities and put in new capabilities, diversify. And I'll continue to look for that. But it is a capital management tool, and we'll continue to use it. And we'll evaluate the circumstances as they arise to decide whether or not this is the time to buy back stock. But it is a tool and we do use it and I have used it before, may use it again. Thanks, Kai.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Next question?
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. A question for Kevin. With the changes in the Fiduciary Rule, do you see this having an impact on sales in the near term for Annuities?
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Jay. I think that if the changes that the Fifth Circuit have come up with hold up, the big positive is the elimination of the overhang of litigation as a resolution mechanism for this best interest contract, which I think will be a generally positive thing. But there's still a lot of moving parts. You have the SEC, which has weighed in with its proposal. We have certain of the states that are pursuing best interest standards, et cetera. And so we're focused on independent distribution. We're working closely with our distribution partners and working with them in terms of how they respond. The reality is there's still uncertainty as to what the future environment is going to be. And I believe that as long as that uncertainty is there, there's going to be some overhang. That being said, conditions are certainly improving with interest rates coming up a little bit. Products are becoming a little bit more attractive to investors and also some of the recent volatility in the equity markets has reminded people of the value of certain characteristics of our products and income benefits. So we do see conditions improving. Index sales are doing very well. VA sales have essentially stabilized. And as you know, we're very responsive in fixed annuity to current conditions. So I believe we're as well positioned or better positioned than anyone to respond where investor appetites go. But I don't think there's going to be an immediate change in the environment simply because of the Fifth Circuit ruling.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Well, moving in the right direction is good. Thanks, Kevin.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Jay. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Hi. Thank you. I have one big picture question, and then I think Ryan Tunis has a specific question on P&C. Well, I guess one thing I hear from investors is confusion a little bit about the intermediate term financial targets for the company, and what AIG's profitability and returns can look like two years down the road when the actions you're taking now are really all reflected in results. So I don't know if you have plans for an Investor Day to discuss this in detail. But just any perspective on the level of ROE you think AIG can deliver over time and the key levers to getting there would be helpful.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, thanks, Erik. I don't have plans for an Investor Day. I'll certainly think about that. But to talk about this, let's take the combined ratio going under 100%. I think you can do the arithmetic and figure out what additional profits we would be making with that improvement. If you take that number alone and put it against what our capital is, the ROEs we would be generating would be high single-digit for sure. And I've given you that as, call it, an intermediate target. And I also expressed that we want to be top quartile in terms of combined ratios and that includes expenses. Expense levels are too high. We want to be top quartile in our expense levels. We should be the most efficient. We're big enough to be taking advantage of our scale. So we should be much, much better in terms of our expense levels. We're going to get there, all right. But you can work out the arithmetic on the ROEs. Book value growth is the other number. So I mentioned three things, right? Combined ratio is under 100%, ROEs and growth in book value. And I think if you just do the intermediate, you're going to get a pretty good idea of what that would imply and then if you get past that to top quartile, I think these are pretty good numbers as targets. I mean if we achieve them, they're world-class. But, in the meantime, just getting to a combined ratio of 100% is going to produce a pretty good ROE. I hope that helps Erik.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: It does. Thanks. And just one clarification. I mean how do you define top quartile ROE and kind of what's the peer set? Is it kind of a blend of P&C and life companies?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: No, well, I'm talking about  well on ROE, yes, I think it would have to be. I mean we are a composite company and so we have to consider ourselves in that way. It would have to be yes.
Ryan J. Tunis - Autonomous Research: And I was just curious, on the exit run rate, are you more confident from an accident year standpoint or a calendar year standpoint? That was my first one. And then just trying to understand, thinking about this whole exit run rate concept, I guess why that really represents progress in 2018, because I guess it looks like last year you did like a 102.4 accident year combined ratio and on the new AAL that seems like that would be closer to a 101. And now it feels like there's some reserve releases coming through. So it kind of feels like we're already at 100. So are we right to kind of think that the exit run rate guidance means they were kind of trading sideways through 2018 and then 2019 is the year where we really see meaningful improvement? Thanks.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: That's a good question. Well remember, there's two things. There's the expenses too which we've got to get down, so there's going to be meaningful improvement in the expense levels. I think there was a question about what the exit 2017 accident year was. I think it's a little higher than that. So we're looking at an improvement, in the accident year a meaningful improvement and the accident year ratio is not going sideways and an expense level improvement, that's what we're talking about. Okay. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks very much. Given the challenges we saw in Unum share price performance yesterday, does AIG have any legacy long-term care exposure?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: We have a very  hey, Jay, it's Sid. We have a very small portfolio in the Legacy. It's about $400 million. The sensitivity analysis that we've run is that if everybody lived to the end of the mortality table, our reserves would double. So you have $100 million in actives and then $300 million in the remainder. So it's a relatively small portfolio and we don't have those issues in long-term care.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: And we believe what we're carrying is correct.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Absolutely.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good to know. Thank you. And then switching gears on the adverse development cover with Berkshire, you mentioned that it could pierce the $25 billion level where Berkshire would start paying around mid-2020 which is consistent with our view. How long do you think it could take for Berkshire to exhaust its $25 billion cover beyond 2020?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Sid, you want to try that one?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I mean we can't comment on Berkshire's projections. I think what we can tell you is and I made a comment about quarter-to-quarter they're going to be variance in paid claims because of the mix of business. So remember based on our projections you have some business that's shorter term in that ADC and some that's longer term. So some of the stuff like excess casualty and workers' comp, there'll be paid claims out 20, 30 years. So that's important for people to keep in mind as they look at what happens in the quarterly paid claims. That's why we assess this on how are we looking versus what we thought inception to date and we feel very good about that metric.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. I appreciate that. Thanks. And then a final one. Just want to circle back on the ROE. Is there any reason over time why AIG should not be able to deliver the 10% or better return on equity whether you're looking at that on book value ex AOCI, ex DTA or some other baseline?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, look, we have a very good ROE in Life, we believe that's maintainable. The General Insurance requires us to start making underwriting profit. Once we get into that area, we will start to generate numbers in that range. So what holds us back? Make an underwriting profit. There's no earthly reason why we can't make an underwriting profit and we will and so we'll get to those ROEs.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. Thanks.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay, Jay.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Hey, everyone, as a gentlemen reminder, one question and one follow-up would be ideal. Thank you.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll next move to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, good morning, everyone. In some ways I congratulate you on lowering your catastrophe exposure on an AAL basis, but AIG has a huge balance sheet and huge reserve position. Shouldn't AIG be willing to tolerate normal level catastrophes, the move from expecting $1 billion per year to $700 million per year, what's the reason behind that and why did that create shareholder value?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: That's a great question. Well, first of all, our catastrophe cover last year did not respond to the worst catastrophe event. Now, we have a good balance sheet, we withstood that. I don't think that's a good use of capital. And so we made the decision to use reinsurance to balance that portfolio so we take the extremes out. I think that's a good trade. I'd make that trade every day. Now, we do have a good balance sheet, there's no question about it. But I'm also in a business of protecting that, so that we can grow this book, use the capital for profitable growth and so that's why it's very good for the shareholder.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And if you change up your reinsurance at 1/1 this year that means the cover is going to be earned through over time I guess? Does that mean we should see further reduction in the AAL over time as the net premiums written from 2017 go off and are greater with the net premiums written in 2018?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Peter, take that please?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Sure. No, it should be fairly steady throughout the remaining part of the calendar year. That will depend largely on, not from an AAL basis, but how the portfolio shifts. But based on what we see today where we're growing that, we expect that the earned portion of the property cat will be quarter-to-quarter, but offsetting that will be  we had a large session in our excess of loss casualty placement and that we discontinued last year. And so we'll be getting more earned premium back on the Casualty, so it'll largely offset it in terms of the overall financial results within North America for Commercial.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Peter, from your comments it sounded like Casualty was favorable. So just curious if you could comment on what really pressured results in North American Commercial and would you say the actions you've taken so far are enough? Or do we need to see more remediation efforts here in terms of  in response to the results you saw in the quarter?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Let me take that Brian?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, Peter I think  yes, go ahead.
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. So, let me just talk about Casualty for a second and just give you some insight overall for the company. If you look at International when we saw the accident year loss ratio improve, that was from some of the reinsurance actions we took at 1/1 because last year it was a little choppy in terms of the results, but we had some losses that pierced some higher levels that we hadn't seen in the past. So we put in excess of loss treaty together for our International Casualty and that's where you're seeing the improvement in the accident year loss ratios in 2018 and expect that to continue in the rest of the calendar year. In terms of North America, we're not done. I mean I think we've made some very good improvements in how we're looking at gross lines, net lines, looking at businesses where we think we have a real leadership position and can really differentiate ourselves in the marketplace, that's just begun. So I expect us to be improving every quarter throughout this year and next year as we reposition the portfolio looking at excess casualty, looking at financial lines. One of the businesses that Brian's mentioned in the past that we stood up first was Agram (49:40), which is our large account business that has really accelerated. We're seeing a lot more submission activity and expect to see opportunities for profitable growth there and so this will be  we've made progress. We're going to make more progress and this is going to be an iterative process throughout the calendar year.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yes. If I could just add a little color. So if you look at our PEs, whatever, you're going to see a fairly high loss ratios in Casualty. We've had high loss ratios in Casualty. We have stability in the reserves. In fact we've seen some redundancies coming out of that. I think that's good, but the Casualty remains too high. There's no question about it. A lot of it is excess and you don't fix excess by price. It's a high severity low frequency book. Now price matters don't get me wrong, but selection, attachment, terms and conditions, you fix the excess book by not having losses. You don't price it up. You cut the losses out and so much of our work is around that and so whether it's the risk management book or it's the excess casualty or even in the D&O. We're taking a lot of time and effort to fix that book, but we're not, as Peter said, we're not done with Casualty, but we're on our way.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: And just, Brian, in response to that, just as a follow-up, related to that process, is that a  a lot of it gets done by the end of 2018? Or you think this is like, takes a couple of years? In terms of the action, not the result?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yes, exactly. That's the nuance of this thing. I think the actions we're taking now become effective, okay? Now, when it's excess of loss, one should be a little bit more cautious, because the best book in the world and the worst book in the world look exactly the same when they start out, because the losses take a little while to get reported. And so we know we're doing the right thing, but we'll take a little time to verify it.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, thanks.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: You're welcome, Tom. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. We'll next hear from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning. Maybe a little bit more on just the general competitive situation in the Property Casualty business. A lot of what I get in terms of pushback from investors is that, regardless of the actions, the market with less price increases than we expected simply will not let AIG implement what they want in the fashion that they want. What's your response to that kind of thought that maybe the  just the environment has changed? And that's just not going to help you where you need to go?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Let me start and then maybe Peter can correct me if I get it wrong. But anyway, so, look, and I think generally speaking, there's probably more tailwind than headwind. Now, it may not be as strong as one would like in certain lines of business, but it's actually more positive than I think I'm hearing there. Now, I do think the industry needs to continue to improve and the rates are required, but it's not like we're going against the movement. So it helps. I think in Property, we are getting rate increases. The fixing of this portfolio, whether it's Property or Casualty, short or long, right, has a lot more to do with who we write and how we write it and less to do with the price, believe it or not. In other words, I believe that we can have a profitable book in any weather condition, let's say, but it takes some discipline. I talked about the Casualty just a second ago. You don't fix this excess book with price. You fix it because you write the right accounts and you write them the right way, so that it truly is an occasional event. That's an act that we're prepared to cover. So I think we have the ability to look at our book and fix our book, and we're fixing our book. But I don't think that the conditions in the marketplace are holding us back. Peter, you want to add to that?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: The only thing I would add, Brian, is that we are not competing in the commoditized market, where I think that's where those comments resonate. We are in a segmented market where leadership matters. AIG has the expertise and leadership. And when we go to our new organizational structure, we're going to really be focused on how we face off with clients and distribution and play to our strengths. So I think that they look to us to lead. They look for us to help with risk. And they look for us to structure deals. And I think that's what differentiates our ability to get rate.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay, Paul?
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yes, that's great. My second question has nothing to do with P&C. There seemed to be an enormous number of people looking to buy blocks of annuities. And it seemed to be growing every month. What's the situation in terms of what you'd be interested in in terms of divesting? At least in the life sides (55:06) or blocks at this point, given all the changes that have been made in the last year or two?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Kev?
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Yes. So, look, we worked hard on the portfolio the last couple of years and believe we have a market leading position with our distribution organization, our leading product positions in all three of the retail annuity spaces in Group Retirement and a very strong position in Institutional Markets. So we have no intention other than being disciplined in deploying capital into growth opportunities, which as I mentioned earlier, conditions are improving in the markets.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: And, Paul, it's Sid here. We've been pretty clear and consistent that the remaining portfolio that we're evaluating is Legacy and that's DSA Re. And we're going to continue to evaluate and we're pleased with the progress that we've made in standing up that entity.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Paul. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, everybody. So one question regarding the combined ratio target for  exit target for 2018. Is that predicated on growth in net premiums earned, or at the very least, stability there?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, we said we think  we believe that our premium levels will stabilize this year over last, okay. Now we're down about 10%, something like that in the first quarter. So we would expect an improvement in that. So there'll be some lift, some of it's because we're recapturing some of the Casualty business, some of it is natural growth. So we'll see some improvement. And that's embedded in what we're talking about. But there isn't some massive increase in production that's going to get us to where we want to go. We're going to get it by evaluating our portfolio and doing the proper underwriting on it.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then maybe shifting gears a second to the Life and Retirement business. So I think I heard a comment about the ROE, the strong ROEs that that business is producing being sustainable. I'm just thinking about the very strong equity markets that we've seen the last few years. And they clearly were a positive for an AUM oriented fee business. If those equity markets maybe stabilize or go back to their more normalized appreciation rate, do you think that that ROE still is a reasonable run rate?
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Yes, Yaron. Thanks. First thing I'd point out is, is that we did have this quarter the $54 million in the non-recurring payments on structured securities as we pointed out. We would not necessarily expect that to continue, but otherwise the excess market performance and the fee income is a modest part of what's been contributing to that ROE. I think what's more important is the overall blend of where equity markets are, where interest rates are, where our investors believe they're going to go and what alternatives it is that they have. And as I pointed out, we are in a somewhat unique position. We can deploy capital into Index Annuities right now because we have the distribution mechanism to do it. If the conditions for Fixed Annuities improve, we'll be able to deploy more capital into that than we are right now and we also have the Group Retirement business. Let's not forget about the strong growth in the Life Insurance business which is attractive new business conditions. And we've proven that with the discipline and the selection in the pension risk transfer and the Institutional Markets business we're able to find transactions that meet our economic expectations as well as STAT and GAAP requirements.
Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Okay.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you. Well, we've reached our time. So I want to thank you all for calling in and for the great questions and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: And once again that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc. Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc. Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc. Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc. Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIG's Fourth Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Paul. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first, second and third 2017 Form 10-Q and our 2016 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for today's presentation and our financial supplement, which are available on our website. This morning, we'll have the opportunity to hear from our CEO, Brian Duperreault; our CFO, Sid Sankaran; our CEO of General Insurance, Peter Zaffino; and our CEO of Life and Retirement, Kevin Hogan. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll speak to our fourth-quarter and full-year 2017 financial results, our recent actions and my views on our strategic direction. We had a busy end to 2017 and 2018 is off to a strong start. Our fourth quarter operating earnings showed solid results across the majority of our businesses. In General Insurance, I'm pleased with the stability of our reserves and the outcome of our fourth quarter reserve review. That development for the quarter was modest and we took decisive actions where needed, which were mostly in Europe. Importantly, our efforts to stabilize and improve our U.S. Commercial business are reflected in the fourth quarter accident year underwriting improvement. Across our Personal Insurance and Life and Retirement business, we continued to see solid results and the benefits of diversification. The fourth quarter and full year were meaningfully impacted by catastrophes. California wildfires were largely in line with our third quarter estimate and the greatest contributor to our fourth quarter CAT losses. Despite full-year CAT losses of $4.2 billion, our highest ever, AIG delivered $3.2 billion on adjusted pre-tax operating income. As I mentioned in past calls, my philosophy on reinsurance is that it is an important tool for AIG to best manage its portfolio of risks. It provides another set of eyes on our underwriting, helps to manage volatility and control loss exposure. Going forward, you can expect us to be a predictable buyer of reinsurance. You will hear more from Peter about our insurance strategy and the overall market environment in General Insurance, where we see rate improvement across a number of lines. With respect to the International side of General Insurance, we took a hard look at our European Commercial portfolio and similar to our U.S. approach, we have acted decisively and prudently. International Personal Insurance had a very strong year and in fourth quarter, we completed the Japan merger that we've assessed with you on our prior calls. Peter will talk more about our focused approach to managing our International business in his remarks. As we closed out the year, I view 2017 as a starting point where we laid the foundation with respect to people, structure and underwriting. We have completed our internal structural changes in both General Insurance and Life and Retirement. These changes better position our people in the market and simplify our structure, allowing for greater efficiencies. While the company has made a lot of progress on reducing expenses over the last couple of years, an organization of our size and scale needs to be a top-quartile performer in both underwriting and expense management. We are committed to continuing to make meaningful progress in that direction in a prudent and thoughtful manner. In 2017, our reserve and underwriting action set a baseline for General Insurance. As I've said before, 2018 is The Year of the Underwriter at AIG and I'm committed to empowering underwriters and holding them accountable for driving profitable growth. A couple of weeks ago, we announced the acquisition of Validus, a significant step forward in our strategy to deliver profitable growth. Validus shares our underwriting philosophy of taking prudent risks across products and distribution. As we stated when we announced the transaction, the talent and diversification Validus brings to AIG is financially accretive and value enhancing. The company's business mix includes well-positioned companies providing new sources of growth for AIG. This year, we're also taking another important step forward in our legacy strategy with the formation of DSA Re, a Bermuda company that will manage the majority of our runoff reserves. You'll hear more from Sid on DSA's priorities. Lastly, our 2017 results reflect the impact of the tax bill on the re-measurement of our deferred tax asset, which was in line with previous expectations. We believe the tax bill will be an overall net positive for AIG over the long term and look forward to the benefits of additional economic growth. Last quarter, I spoke to the urgency this management team has to execute on our strategic priorities. I'm confident in the changes that are taking place at AIG. They are providing positive momentum for the company and its performance going forward. With that, I'll turn it over to Sid.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll comment on our fourth quarter financial results, the impact of tax reform, our progress with regards to our Legacy Portfolio and capital and liquidity. Turning to slide 4, you can see our results presented under our new organizational structure, which became effective during the fourth quarter. Personal Insurance is now being reported with Commercial Insurance as part of the General Insurance segment and Institutional Markets is included with Life and Retirement. As shown in our recast financial supplement, we no longer present normalized ROE as a reporting metric. However, we continue to include the quarterly noteworthy items that you can use to derive normalized earnings and they are shown on slide 5. We reported adjusted after-tax earnings per share of $0.57, which reflected total General Insurance catastrophe losses of $762 million and included $572 million for the Northern and Southern California wildfires as well as losses from U.S. storms. As a reminder, we provided a preliminary estimate of $500 million for the Northern California wildfires on our third quarter earnings call and actual claims came in modestly lower than we expected. Our third quarter estimates for Harvey, Irma and Maria are holding up well overall relative to our initial estimates. The total catastrophe losses for the fourth quarter were split between $300 million in Commercial and $462 million in Personal Insurance. Our Life and Retirement businesses delivered another solid quarter of results with an adjusted ROE of 10.2% in the quarter and 12.4% for the full year, benefiting from better-than-expected full year investment returns. Our Legacy Portfolio also delivered solid returns for the quarter and full year. Turning to slide 6, we completed our detailed valuation reviews or DVRs on our reserves in the fourth quarter and recorded net adverse prior-year reserve development of $76 million. Our DVRs on long-tail lines were largely as expected and we saw favorable net development in North America of $97 million, including the amortization of the ADC. International had unfavorable development of $177 million, primarily related to large individual claims development in Property and Special Risks business and U.K. Financial Lines. Turning to slide 7, our General Insurance ultimate accident year loss ratio as adjusted was 63.0% for the full year or 1.4 points lower than last year on an ultimate basis. With respect to underlying progress in our portfolio, we see North America Commercial Insurance ultimate accident year loss ratios having improved by approximately 2 points year-on-year, which has been partially offset by deterioration in International Commercial Insurance loss ratios by 1 point. I would note that our fourth quarter International Commercial loss ratios include a catch-up adjustment for the full year associated with our fourth quarter DVRs and claims review. Our full year loss ratios for International Commercial are more representative of the starting point for profitability going forward. Our Personal Insurance loss ratios are now at our expectation and we believe they are sustainable. Peter will comment more on pricing, underwriting and trends in his remarks. Turning to slide 8, the GAAP net loss per share of $7.33 for the fourth quarter includes a charge of $6.7 billion to re-measure our U.S. net operating losses and other balance sheet deferred tax assets at the new U.S. statutory tax rate of 21%. This re-measurement does not alter the amount of taxable earnings that can be sheltered by our net operating losses. The reduction in the tax rate also does not impact our foreign tax credits, which we expect to fully utilize before they expire. These credits will now shelter a larger amount of taxable income. We expect that our adjusted effective tax rate will be approximately 21% to 22% for the full year of 2018 and our after-tax ROE should improve by approximately 150 basis points. The tax rate is slightly higher than the statutory rate, largely reflecting a higher blended rate on foreign earnings. We continue to believe that the overall impact from tax reform is a long-term net positive to our intrinsic value. Our balance sheet and free cash flow remained strong. As shown on slide 9, parent liquidity at quarter-end was $7.3 billion. During the quarter, we received approximately $300 million of dividends from our Life Insurance companies as well as $2 billion from Legacy Investments, including $1.1 billion from the sale of remaining life settlements contracts, which we disclosed last quarter. Outflows during the quarter included approximately $1.2 billion related to year-to-date true-up for tax sharing payments to our P&C companies. With respect to our acquisition of Validus, we remain on track for an expected closing in mid-2018. As to our view of expected returns on the Validus acquisition, we see cash returns in the high-single-digit range, which takes into account our outlook for expense and capital synergies as well as the additional usage of our existing net operating losses. We evaluate transactions based on economic value and accretion to our franchise value. I would note, as a result of the reduction of the statutory tax rate that I mentioned earlier, we reduced committed deferred tax assets by approximately $400 million for our U.S. non-life companies and about $500 million for our U.S. life companies. This reduced the RBC ratios shows for each group by about 10 points to 20 points. Our regulatory capital ratios remained strong and tax reform did not require us to downstream capital to any of our insurance subsidiaries. We expect approximately $5 billion in dividends and $1 billion of tax sharing payments from our insurance subsidiaries in 2018, that is before any potential legacy-related activity and subject to our customary approvals. We have continued to successfully execute on our legacy strategy. As Brian noted earlier, we formed a Bermuda-domiciled legal entity, named DSA Reinsurance Company Limited or DSA Re, to re-insure our legacy life and non-life runoff lines. By combining these runoff lines into a single well-capitalized legal entity, we were able to achieve operating synergies and strong diversification in assets. Legacy remains non-core and will be managed by a team with extensive runoff expertise. DSA Re will be a licensed re-insurer with approximately $37 billion or over 80% of legacy total insurance reserves and will be backed by approximately $40 billion of invested assets managed by AIG Investments. Our objective with respect to DSA Re remains to efficiently manage our legacy liabilities, honor our policy and service obligations and maximize AIG's financial flexibility. The formation of this entity will allow us to accelerate these objectives. Additionally, as shown on page 7 of the financial supplement, we had another strong quarter and full year of earnings from securities carried at fair value. Earnings on these assets totaled $524 million in the quarter and $1.5 billion for the full year for a full-year return of over 11.5%. Our expectation is for these returns to more closely resemble long-term historical returns that we estimate are in the range of 6% to 8%. Assuming these returns, we expect total 2018 net investment income for our core insurance businesses and legacy insurance portfolios to be approximately $13 billion. The greatest variable to our estimate remains projected market returns. Kevin will comment further on the impacts for Life and Retirement. To sum up, we continue to execute on plans to improve our results. We've demonstrated the value of maintaining a strong balance sheet and free cash flow profile, which gives us flexibility to execute on our strategic options. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Sid, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I will discuss the General Insurance fourth quarter and full year underwriting results, our efforts to manage risk and volatility, actions to improve the performance of our core business and our new organizational structure and leadership team, which I had commented on last quarter. Turning to slide 11, as you've heard, CAT losses significantly impacted our 2017 performance. However, going forward, you can expect us to more thoughtfully manage frequency and severity of CAT exposure through our reinsurance strategy and the management of our gross exposures. Turning to the fourth quarter, the adjusted accident year combined ratio improved 3.1 points over the prior-year quarter. As Sid mentioned, we've seen improvement across portions of our portfolio, but we're not satisfied with our current accident year results and are making the necessary changes to drive better financial performance. With respect to expenses, while our overall expenses declined 12% for the year, our expense ratio has remained flat as we've continued to reduce premiums as part of our remediation efforts. In 2018, we've identified additional opportunities to improve efficiency as we transition to a more decentralized model, while we further invest in talent within General Insurance. Total net premiums written declined 9% for the quarter and 10% for the year, excluding FX. Divestitures accounted for 6 points of a full-year decline, while the remainder primarily reflects remediation of underperforming lines. Going forward, in light of our reinsurance strategy and actions to manage the overall portfolio, we expect 2018 premium volume to be relatively flat with 2017 levels. While the General Insurance underlying accident year loss ratio improved year-over-year, we still have work that needs to be done across the Commercial Lines. Slides 12 and 13 provide additional insights into North America and International 2017 results. Last year, you saw the greatest impact from our remediation efforts in the North America Commercial, where accident year loss ratios began improving. In addition, in aggregate, fourth quarter North America Commercial claim trends have been favorable relative to our expectations. North America Personal Insurance net premiums written reflected growth in new travel business, which was offset by strategic divestitures and lower volumes and warranty. Our European Commercial business was impacted by reserve strengthening, adverse loss emergence and certain catch-up adjustments in the fourth quarter, which Sid discussed. We took underwriting actions in late-2016 and the 2017 accident year has seen an early improvement in trend, but rate and risk selection important is still required in these portfolios. We continue to work on remediating our book. Transitioning to market conditions, as Brian said, we are getting rate across multiple lines of business and U.S. Property is showing the greatest improvement. The fourth quarter is seasonally our lowest quarter for U.S. Property and the rate increases have varied based on exposure, geography and the impact of recent events. However, we saw rate strengthening each month during the quarter, which averaged in the high-single digits and appears to be sustaining in the first quarter. Our primary objectives are to partner with our clients, provide solutions at renewal and offer alternatives for our new clients. As a result, recent retention has improved year-over-year. Moving to other parts of the portfolio, in U.S. Casualty, we observed rate increases in the mid-single digits, which had a wide range depending on line of business, attachment point and experience. We are maintaining a view on loss cost trends and taking rate to be responsive to our observations. Turning to slide 14, last quarter, we stated that one of our main priorities is to take a more strategic approach to reinsurance, building long-term relationships with our partners to manage future volatility. Our reinsurance philosophy is to take smaller net lines in property and casualty, reduce volatility and be consistent buyers of reinsurance. During the January 1 reinsurance renewals, we began to execute on our strategy by reducing severity and frequency exposures to North American CAT and net retention on our property per risk and also obtaining a new catastrophe cover for international CAT. We expect these enhancements and anticipated changes for the remainder of the year will substantially reduce our risk of future volatility. Year-over-year, our PMLs are down 30% for the 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 events and on a pro forma basis when we include the acquisition of the Validus, our PMLs will be approximately 20% lower than the prior year, positioning us to pursue other opportunities as they may arise. Our recently announced acquisition of Validus is another example of a strong start to 2018. The acquisition brings valuable complementary businesses and allows us to expand our capabilities in treaty reinsurance, including access to the ILS market throughout the CAT, a Lloyd's platform, a commercial E&S surplus business and a crop insurer. I've known the Validus leadership team for many years and their underwriting expertise and track record speaks for itself. Given AIG's diversity and capital strength, I believe we'll be able to seek unique opportunities for profitable growth with Validus. Last quarter, I said that I intend to run to our problems. We recently announced our organizational design and additions to leadership that will provide the foundation for improving our financial business results. Our new structure is composed of distinct end-to-end businesses that support transparency, accountability and process efficiencies. Our core underwriting businesses will be led by Lex Baugh for North America, Chris Townsend for International and Gaurav Garg for Personal Insurance. Chris joins us in early March and will implement our new operating model across our International businesses to drive local decision-making and increased accountability. Tom Bolt recently joined us as Chief Underwriting Officer in January and he will play a critical role in bringing quality and consistency to our underwriting guidelines and process and assisting us in advancing our analytical capabilities. In closing, the modifications we've made to our structure, coupled with our talented leadership team, will enable us to improve strategic, financial and operational performance. With that, I will turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on slide 16, Life and Retirement produced solid results for the quarter with $782 million in adjusted pre-tax income despite approximately $90 million in adjustments, primarily for fixed and variable annuity products within Individual and Group Retirement due to ongoing modernization of our actuarial systems and related model refinements. Our results for the year was strong with over $3.8 billion in adjusted pre-tax income and adjusted ROE of 12.4%. Total yields for our spread-based products benefited from significant increases in alternative and yield enhancement income for the year. It is important to note, however, that our base yields continued to be compressed due to the reinvestment environment. Additionally, asset growth, driven by strong equity markets, continued to help partially mitigate the impact of the low rate environment on our results. One of Life and Retirement's greatest strength is the breadth of our product portfolio across our businesses, which served us particularly well in a year marked by industry sales challenges, especially in the individual annuity market. We emphasized growth in Life Insurance and Institutional Markets sales and continued to maintain steady sales results for our Group Retirement business. Results for Institutional Markets are now reported as part of Life and Retirement, which is consistent with many of our peers. Our diversified position in Institutional Markets further emphasizes the breadth of our product portfolio and market presence. This business is well positioned to capitalize on available growth opportunities, but we remain focused on achieving targeted economic returns. Now, I will briefly discuss our results for the fourth quarter. Turning to Individual Retirement on slide 17, regulatory uncertainties and disruption have continued to significantly affect distributors, negatively impacting industry sales, particularly our variable annuity products. Although our sales of Fixed and Index Annuities increased for the quarter, overall Individual Retirement net flows remained negative. Individual Retirement's assets under administration were at historical highs at quarter-end, driven by equity market performance and positive Index Annuity net flows, which resulted in increased fee income. We continued our practice of active spread management, but as expected, we saw continued compression, reflecting current reinvestment conditions. This quarter, base net investment spreads benefited from unexpected accretion income for Fixed Annuities and growth in Index Annuities. Turning to Group Retirement on page 18, our investments in VALIC to transform the plan sponsor and participant experience continued to pay off. New group acquisitions increased significantly for the year. Despite strong sales for the year, net flows declined as individual surrenders increased. Similar to Individual Retirement, Group Retirement achieved record assets under administration and despite disciplined rate management experienced expected base yields compression. This quarter, base net investment spread benefited from unexpected accretion income and a cumulative update to cost of funds. While we have seen recent increases in risk-free rates, spreads continued to be at historically tight levels. Looking forward, across Individual and Group Retirement, absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, we continue to expect our base net spreads will decline by approximately 1 basis point to 3 basis points per quarter. And as Sid mentioned, we would also expect returns in alternatives and securities carried at fair value to moderate to more historical levels, noting this impacts total yields, but not base yields nor spreads. Let's now move to Life Insurance on slide 19, our Life Insurance business continued to make progress. In the U.S., our new modern administrative platform, distribution simplification efforts and narrowed product focus are supporting strong topline growth. Our premiums and deposits increased and we had a strong growth in both term and universal life insurance sales for the quarter and the year. While mortality experience was elevated for the quarter, for the year, it was better than the prior year and within pricing expectations. Turning to slide 20, Institutional Markets benefited from opportunistic transactions in a number of its product lines, including pension risk transfers. Our strong capabilities in the pension risk transfer business as well as our disciplined pricing and strong balance sheet position us well to selectively participate in this growing market. Overall sales growth in Institutional Markets over the last year has increased assets under management, resulting in higher net investment income. To close, our results reflect our strong diversification and focus on writing profitable business, which we believe positions us well for the future. Now, I would like to turn it back to Brian to open up to Q&A.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. Operator, let's go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Jay Gelb from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. My first question is on the General Insurance accident year loss ratio that you referenced in the slides. How much more improvement do you feel would be needed to achieve your target returns?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Should I do this? You want to do that, Peter?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I think it's going to be a combination of things, because that accident year loss ratio is a mix in the portfolio, you've got casualty, you've got property, you've got different combined ratios, you mix it together, maybe you want more property, probably push your loss ratio down a bit and more cash that goes up and I think you got to add the expense issue that I mentioned earlier, we've got to continue to work on our expense levels too. So, it isn't just the loss ratio that's going to get us to our level that we want to get to in terms of returns. It's going to be a mix of business and it's going to be an expense and loss combination. But we still have ways to go. I mean we're not there yet. And I think we can clearly improve that. And we've got a bit of a tailwind, which is helping us in that effort. So, that tells us we can get there a little faster. Hope that answers the question.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: It does. Thank you. And then my follow-up is on capital management. With $6 billion plus potentially coming in for additional deployable cash in 2018, can you update us on your perspective on the dividend and buybacks? I noticed there wasn't any buy backs in the fourth quarter, but that was also the same quarter where it probably took into account Validus being announced. So, if you can update us on your views there, that'd will be helpful. Thank you.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. Well, capital management is a key thing in what one does. We're blessed with having the kind of capital built-out that we have and how you deploy it. I've said earlier that, to me, the buybacks are capital management tool, we'll use those that management tool when we think it's appropriate, but I would rather deal with our portfolio and the fact that there are pieces of it that I'd like to fill in, we have white space there. So, that would be my priority. Our dividend process should be long-term in nature, consistent with the kind of business we do and that would be a more steady move, right? That I wouldn't think you'd make large scale changes in your dividend approach. So, it really gets down to can I find opportunities to use the capital in a way that's accretive and structurally improving? And if I can't, we have the stock buyback as a tool.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, yeah. Can we go to next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks. Two here quickly. First one, just, Peter, I'm just curious, where are we in the process? I mean you got the senior leadership in place in the General Insurance business, Commercial, but where are we as far as kind of the next level down and kind of building out your teams and kind of upgrading underwriting talent?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I mentioned that Tom recently arrived and Chris will be joining us in early March. So, we have the foundation for our core underwriting leadership. We actually have been hiring actually some significant talent at that next layer and the layer below. Ken Riegler, who just recently joined us, has taken a very prominent position within North America. Tim DeSett joined us to run our North America field. And so, we have been continuing to add very strong talent at the next layer, but we also have some really strong talents in the organization that now that we've announced the org structure, we've been putting people in positions where they can start to drive influence and improve on the accident year loss ratios in 2018 and 2019. So, I'm really very encouraged by the number of people that have shown interest and want to join and I'm really pleased with the progress that we've made to-date.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: You got a follow-up, Brian?
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, yeah. And I'm just curious with the changes in the reinsurance program, the AALs that you guys have been providing, any change that we should think about going into 2018?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Well, we're taking a look at  as I said, we're really pleased with where the PMLs have gone in all the return periods on our new reinsurance structure and that coupled also with reducing gross exposures in North America and different parts of the rest of the world. And I think we're going to take a hard look at AALs. I don't think it'll be commensurate to the decrease you see in the PMLs and we think we should have some benefit in 2018 from AALs and we'll give more guidance as to we get into 2018.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Good. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. This isn't a new issue, but one that I want to better understand. There's two different numbers that the DTA on the balance sheet and the DTA you use for calculating book value per share. I know you guys took a big write-down related to the change in U.S. tax law, but there's a different change to both, $7 billion on the balance sheet and $4 billion on the calculation of book value per share. Can you explain a little bit the difference between those two?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. Sid?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Well, Josh, Liz will be happy to walk you through all the details off line, but you've got the NOLs and the FTCs, the foreign tax credit, so the items that I referred to with respect to my script. So, we can obviously follow up with more detail, but it's relatively straightforward in terms of the calculations.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Got a follow-up?
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. And in terms of  there's a little bit of a reserve deficiency on recent years offset by better results in prior years. Where do you stand on terms of the confidence in the end of your loss picks for this year? And do you feel those  your predecessor said, sometimes we're going to be deficient, sometimes we're going to be redundant, we have a very large book, do you take that tax as well?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I can't comment on what my predecessor said, but I said 2017, to me, is a start point. I feel confident that we have a good handle on where the issues are line-by-line, country-by-country. And so, yeah, I think we're poised now and we've got the structure and we've got the understanding. Now, we just got to execute. Okay. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning. My first question is on the International Commercial. Could you give me more detail about what kind of remediation efforts you're taking and what's the timeline of that relative to the North America Commercial? Just try to figure out what we see the turnaround soon as we have seen in North America.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, let me start. I think Peter can give you a lot more color, but I think if you look at the portfolio, usually you round up the usual suspects. It's combination of things like selection and maybe some deterioration on a particular portfolio. There wasn't one single line. It was a combination of things. And I think the issues around our gross limits and net limits exacerbated any issues that would pop up in a portfolio, but the question is, what we do going forward and Peter?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Yes. As Sid mentioned in his opening comments, we took a really hard look at the fourth quarter within International with a little bit more of a focus in Europe. And so, some of the trends  again, I don't need to get back thorough it, but the Financial Lines, Property, Special Risks, we had some development, but I would ask you to take a look at the full year. If you look at the accident year loss ratio of the full year, that's more reflecting the overall performance. I think we will continue to try to take volatility out and not take as large of net and gross lines within our International portfolio. But, overall, the accident years, if we look at the full 2017, we know we have improvement, but you look at the delta between that and North America, we still need to focus on improving our accident year loss ratios in North America as well.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. My follow-up is on reinsurance and we see new programs, if 2017 CAT losses were repeat, what's your net loss and could you also give update on the Commercial quota share renewals?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Looks like it's yours, Peter.
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Well, we've restructured the CAT reinsurance to include more aggregate cover. So, the attachment point dropped from $1.5 billion to $750 million with a corridor deductible, but that's an aggregate versus an occurrence. And so you would take a lot of the frequency of events out and we have around  I don't want to give a specific number, but it'd be in the 40% to 60% less range for if we had the same exact CATs in 2017 reoccur in 2018. So, we've taken out a lot of the volatility of frequency, but also have a vertical cover in the event that we have a single large loss that we are protected at different return periods. In terms of the quota share, Brian mentioned, I mentioned, we're taking a full-year look at all of our reinsurance placements and so we've begun with property at 1/1. We are not going to continue with quota share in the U.S. We're going to look at a variety of different alternatives in terms of how we want to structure reinsurance in our International portfolio in casualty as well as in North America. So, we'll continue to give you updates as we revisit all of our reinsurance placements throughout the year.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Next question, please?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: You are welcome.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi good morning. My first question, pretty good  you guys had a pretty good improvement in the North America Commercial Lines underlying loss ratio in the quarter. I know within the International book, you kind of pointed to the full year as the starting point for 2018. Was there anything one-off in that number or is that something that we should use as kind of a base to model off of for the Commercial Lines results as we think about 2018 in North America?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Look, there's always a one-off in there, but I'd say, use it as a baseline.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And my second question, you guys set up this DSA Re vehicle. Is there any thoughts around that, that could potentially free up more capital for you guys, if you could just share some thoughts around that.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Sid?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Sure. Obviously, as we said, we're pleased with the transaction, because we think having a single strong entity here to manage our runoff portfolios is going to give us a better optionality to manage the risk. And so, what I'd say to you is we're going to evaluate all our options and like all our major entities, we'll evaluate the business plans and capital targets as we go forward, but we do think that it gives us some financial flexibility going forward to better manage risk.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Bass from Autonomous Research.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Hi. Thank you. In Life and Retirement, you now have several charges related to systems enhancements leading to reserve refinements. Can you update us where you are in the systems investment process and if we should anticipate more refinements in the future?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Kevin?
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Yes, thanks, Erik. We've been in the process of modernizing our actuarial systems in the retirement business and also the life business the last two to three years. We're essentially moving from one very modern platform to an even better platform. And as we are able to upgrade the detail of the models from time-to-time, there are some movements in the reserves. And so, while this shows up in earnings in the fourth quarter, relative to the size of the balance sheet, these are relatively modest adjustments. I think what's important is, is that there's no change in our outlook to the profitability or attractiveness of this business and these are very sophisticated platforms. So, like I said, we're two to three years in. We have another year or two to go. We're constantly trying to improve our modeling and management of this business. And at this point in time, we can't suggest that there's anything else to come. We're continuing to work through the process.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Thank you.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Anything else, Erik?
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Yeah. In Group Retirement specifically, I mean you've made a number of investments there on the VALIC platform and are seeing a pick-up in new group acquisitions, but the flows remain negative. I guess what are the remaining hurdles you see to getting back to positive flows in that business?
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: So, I think that there's two things. You have to recall that there was a period of time where we were not engaging in aggressive plan acquisition. We've reengaged in new plan acquisitions starting three, four years ago. And as you pointed out, we have made some significant digital investments, which are really paying off and improving both the plan sponsor and the participant experience. So, I think that at the levels of plan acquisitions where we are now, we're continuing to see improvement year-on-year. We're continuing to expand our advisor force and expect that to grow. We will have little ways to go before we make up for the fact that we weren't acquiring plans for a while. So, our outlook for this business is very profitable business. We're still managing the yield compression and the margins remain strong.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Thank you.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. You're welcome. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning. You mentioned high-single-digit cash returns for Validus. How does that compare to your cost of capital as you calculated?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I guess, we can always have a debate on all the methods to calculate cost of capital. I'd say, when we look at it, it would be above our weighted average cost of capital in terms of equity cost of capital, I can do all the fancy math I want, but generally my investors tell me it's 10%. So, we think it's a reasonable return here for our surplus cash and capital. And certainly, those assumptions, as we said, we think we've been cautious. And so, if we do any better than that, which certainly we're targeting, we think it's going to be something that people will be very pleased with in terms of overall return.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: I want to ask a question about the net flows, particularly in the Individual Retirement with all the regulatory changes. Is it your view that or do you have a particular strategy that you think that the regulatory issues will moderate or  clearly, we've had a lot of adjustments from a marketing perspective in that business and I'd just like to have your perspective on it.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Kevin?
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, sure. So, let's remember the fourth quarter was still a period where the distribution environment  we work with independent distribution across the U.S. within the relatively earlier stages of embracing the DOL. And third quarter was the low point, but fourth quarter still sort of suffered from that. And rates were improving a bit. At the time, the equity markets were very strong. And so, VAs really were under pressure. We're actually pleased with the VAs is that almost half of our sales right now or last quarter were a new product that we introduced with the daily income benefits, which is something that is targeted for the new distribution environment. So, whilst we're continuing to see a reduction in the new business there, we feel good about where we are positioned with the VA product branch. We also introduced an advisory product. We're seeing improvements where we're focused on Index Annuities and Fixed Annuities. And Index Annuities, in particular, have kind of taken a place of the role that Variable played in some advisers' platform. And we've been working closely with our distribution partners relative to that. I mean as the rate environment improves and as investors' outlook may evolve relative to attractive investments and these products versus unbridled equity markets is what will predict the future environment. We think that what's most important is, is that we have a common standard of care relative to the fiduciary standard and suitability between investment and insurance products. And so, we believe that the future regulatory environment will move in that direction and that investors will respond to that and the distribution environment, most importantly, is stabilizing relative to their practices.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg from Janney.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning and thank you. Peter, I think you said that we should expect General Insurance premium volume to be flat for 2018. Would you differentiate between domestic and International or is that a pretty good assumption for both of those?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Larry, I would just assume that will be remaining flat across the globe and I wouldn't differentiate much between North America and International. The only thing I would say to that is that we're getting more rate in North America as I look from pivoting from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. So, the rate seems to be sustaining. Some of the peak zone renewals that we have, those are coming up. So, again, I can't really forecast what's going to happen in the second and third quarter. But if rate continues to improve and we have some of our bigger quarters in property with those type of rate increases, you could see a little bit more in North America.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Great. Thank you. And then, Brian, in terms of getting your expense ratios to top quartile, is that something that we should expect could be achieved in the next year or so or is that a multi-year process?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, it's been a multi-year process so far.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Right.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: And I've got to give  say give credit. I mean this is all mostly happened before I arrived. And you've got to give him credit. I think when you go to a multi-year process, the harder nut is the one in front of you and I think it's probably more structural now and we have to think about it in a more structural way, which we will do. We've taken steps as you heard earlier and in putting our structure in a more intelligent position with General and Life being separate and then we'll go from there. But I can't tell you I'm going to get it done in a year.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber of William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. You said you're getting some good rate in the property book. Did that momentum continue into this year? And also, do you think the casualty rate environment is better today than it was a year ago in the U.S.?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Peter?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: For the U.S. Property, what I had mentioned in my comments sequentially got better every month within the fourth quarter. January looks to be very consistent with that pattern. Don't have too much guidance beyond January. So, we are continuing to see rate increase. We are seeing rate increase within the casualty lines. It really just does vary. I mean certainly auto is the one that would be driving the most increase on a primary and excess basis. But want to make sure that we're spending a lot of time thinking through like loss cost trends for the casualty lines, because rate increases required across most casualty lines just to stay constant with loss cost increases. So, we are seeing rate increase. I want to make sure that we're very conscientious of why that increase has to happen for loss cost increases, but we are seeing rate on the casualty book. And, again, early indications in the first quarter, that's consistent with what we saw at the end of the year.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks. And one follow-up to that, have you seen a pick-up in the legal or is it a tougher legal environment today than it was say, three, four years ago, particularly in the casualty side?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: We're looking to each other like, I'm not sure. I don't think it's any worse. I mean, I think if you look at D&O, we've seen some different actions that have taken place. And you might say that there perhaps, it's a little worse, but with that  having said that, I can't really describe it that way, no.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Very good.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Hey, Brian, in terms of releasing reserves for North American Commercial P&C, should we take that more of a function of the less challenged lines being reviewed this quarter? And so, could we still see some volatility as you'd review more challenged lines in 2Q and 3Q of 2018 or do you expect less volatility than we saw in 2017?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, yeah, we look at all of the reserves, I mean really, I mean it's not  I mean we have a detailed review of  in the scheduled way, if we see a problem, we pull it forward. We look at everything. So, I wouldn't characterize this as these were the easy ones. We look at all. I said earlier, I think 2017, to me, is a good starting point. I feel confident and I said that before in the reserve process in the way we look at the business. So, you never can predict what's going to happen next year. I'm not going to do that, but I feel confident in our understanding of what this portfolio is all about, where the issues are and what we need to address.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. And then, just a follow-up. Is there anything different about the process you're going to implement to review reserves, if you think about when you first joined, presumably you'd want to do a deeper dive or is it exactly the same process in terms of whether you're doing it all internally, using any outside consultants and anything different about the process as we think about 2018?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: That's another good  interesting question. So, we do use outside consultants or actuarial firms. So, we have several looks at it and that always gives you comfort, particularly if you are within kind of their tolerances and ranges. And I think we've gotten closer to the mean in that regard or maybe even above it a little bit, so we've  that's a standard process for us. Reserves are a lot easier when you make money. It's a lot easier. And I think ours  I tell everybody, how are we going to our reserves to improve? Make money. Make money. And that, I think attention to the portfolio, addressing the issues and addressing them early, so you nip things in the bud, reducing the volatility, so that you don't have a lot of business that just out-of-line premium to exposures. So, if it goes wrong, it can exacerbate. So, those are the things. It's a portfolio management. And I guess, in that regard, yeah, there's been some changes there, but not in the technique of actually looking at the reserves.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. On a high level, I guess, between the purchase of much more reinsurance on property and the non-renewal of the casualty quota share, it seems like casualty is going to represent a much higher percentage of earned premiums in 2018 than it did in 2017. Can you walk us through conceptually what that implies for the underlying loss ratio?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: You cut off at that last piece. I didn't hear that last statement, the last question. Could you just repeat that last sentence?
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: I'm just trying to understand what that anticipated mix shift implies for the underlying, the accident year ex-CAT loss ratio?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, let me start. I think Peter can add to it. When we look at reinsurance, I mean we're looking at a lot of different things with respect to reinsurance. Some of it is  is it -- are we doing it for volatility reasons? Are we doing it for capital reasons? Are we doing it for issues around analysis, et cetera? So, we looked at our entire portfolio and is the relationship between us and the reinsurer, one, where we are truly providing benefits to both? And so, those are the decisions around all the lines of business, whether it's casualty or property. Obviously, our casualty loss ratios tend to be a little higher, but  because they have less volatility. So, you're going to have a mix change in the loss ratio just naturally between the two. The more important question is, do we feel that the portfolio itself, whether it's casualty or property producing the kind of returns? And that doesn't change. If that doesn't change, we have to deal with the profitability of that book on a gross basis and so, we're not changing our approach to improvement. We know we've got more to do in casualty and we're going to do it. But  and the property has had issues, particularly in Europe where we have to address those as well. So, it's a mix of the business question, but underlying all that is are we attacking the portfolio intelligently? And I think we are.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Second question, can you give us a sense, I know it varies tremendously, but an overall sense of the loss trends that are embedded in your casualty reserves that you're on?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Sense of loss trends, well, I guess, that's Peter.
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I can tell you in terms of how we're looking at the pricing. When we look at some of the loss cost trends in pricing again, I had mentioned before that we contemplate that on the primary and then the excess. And so, on the primary, it ranges from 3% or 4% up to 8% and again, auto being at the upper-end. And from an excess basis, looking at the same lines of business, it can go up to almost 10% on the loss cost trends, again auto being one at the upper-end, but there's other lines of business that fall within that. And so, we make sure that as we're looking to pricing and looking at some of our historical experience, we contemplate all of that in terms of looking at how we're going to position the portfolio throughout 2018. As I say, we're getting ready and we're looking at loss cost trends. So, I don't see anything dramatically changing based on our observations.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Next and last question?
Operator: Our last question comes from Jay Cohen.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Jay, I guess, you're our last guy, so fire away.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Let's just say (56:55) saving the best for last, right?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Absolutely.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Question for Sid actually. Financial leverage, are you near where you want to be at this point or do you need to take some action on the debt side?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: No, I think if you look at our balance sheet, our cash flow profile, we're roughly comfortable with where we are in financial leverage. We're obviously going to keep evaluating that as we go through the year, but I think if you look at the balance sheet, it's extremely strong from a capital liquidity and leverage standpoint.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, great. No other question. Thanks.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: All right, Jay. Well, thanks everybody for dialing in and thanks to my colleagues for great work. And we got a great year ahead of us. Thank you all.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc. Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc. Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc. Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc. Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.
Analysts: Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC Erik Bass - Autonomous Research Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's third quarter 2017 financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Derek. And before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first, second, and third quarter Form 10-Q and our 2016 Form 10-K under management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations and under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for today's presentation and in our financial supplement, both of which are available on our website. This morning, you'll have the opportunity to hear from various members of our senior management team, including Brian Duperreault, Sid Sankaran, Peter Zaffino and Kevin Hogan. The format will follow that of past calls with one question and one follow-up. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our CEO, Brian Duperreault.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter results. There's a lot to talk about this quarter, and I'll share my perspective on how I view results, the market and how our business is performing. To begin, this quarter, the industry experienced catastrophic losses that surpassed historic levels and had a deep impact on all of us. AIG's response to the catastrophes highlights our strengths, our market presence, and the undeniable value that insurance provides during these times of great loss. Hurricane Harvey, in particular, hit home for AIG, as we have over 3,200 employees based in Houston. I was very impressed with the execution of our business continuity plans for our Houston-based businesses. Due to our multiple-location structure, all these businesses were fully operational within a few days after Harvey hit. While I can say that our employees are extremely dedicated and worked hard for our clients through this event, I am most proud of their compassion in serving their communities. We call them our Houston Heroes, and they share their stories as well as those of others across AIG, including those in Puerto Rico. It is our people who are our greatest asset, and we believe their actions speak to the strength of AIG. To date, we've had over 11,000 claims from Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and our claims team in particular distinguish themselves in this difficult time. The severity of the recent catastrophic events forced AIG and all market participants to reassess appropriate pricing for the risks assumed. We've successfully begun to raise rates in the wake of the catastrophes, and we'll continue to do so. We have recently seen other market participants follow across the property market. In addition to CATs, this quarter's results include additional actions on reserves for the 2016 accident year in particular. I previously stated that our reserve process is reasonable and sound, and the assessment continues to hold. You will note that there was no overall change for the accident years 2015 and prior on reserve subject to our ADC reinsurance agreement. However, this was our first chance to really view the 2016 accident year, where we made many changes to our underwriting processes and tools. The 2016 accident year is still very green, but we saw greater-than-expected claim emergence this quarter and decided to be more cautious on the 2016 and 2017 accident years. Sid will comment further on our judgments in his remarks. The events of the quarter and my observations over the past six months are the basis for my plan going forward. The challenges on our Commercial business are ones that I've seen in the past and will be addressed by clear actions that I'd describe as blocking and tackling. This quarter marks the base from which I intend to grow profitably. Make no mistake, we have a great sense of urgency and have made changes. We have started with establishing an organization structure that plays to our strengths. And we announced this quarter with General Insurance and Life and Retirement. We will return to a disciplined specialization in how we run our businesses. And we will have more distinct business segments, with clear accountability for the P&L and unit integrity. I've already taken action in creating a loss-sensitive business unit called AIG Risk Management, or AIGRM. This business is distinct in how we market, underwrite, and manage risk. You will see more actions such as this, and I'm announcing today that we are reconstituting Lexington as a true standalone operation and best-in-class surplus lines writer. Finally, you heard me mention our distinct global footprint on past calls, and it remains a core strength of the company, which we will build upon. We announced earlier this week the addition of Chris Townsend as CEO of International General Insurance to lead these growth efforts. You will find a change in our philosophy on underwriting risk. As you may know, it's not my style to take large limits and retentions of risk. However, our challenge has been the size of limits and where we write in the tower for various classes of businesses. We will also partner closely with our reinsurers as they provide another valuable set of eyes into our book. Reinsurance is a capital management tool that allows us to better balance our capital and risk across our global businesses as well as manage our gross limits. Peter will comment more on this in his remarks. Finally, in General Insurance, I've declared 2018 as a year of the underwriter. We made and continue to make great additions in underwriting talent and leadership and are taking actions to position them to perform. We will simplify our structure, so they're aligned with the market and incented to write profitable business. No one has commented more on the importance of data analytics and technology in our industry than me. However, it is the underwriter, properly armed with this information that is the central control point in our business. So, it is important that we get the balance back. Our use of technology and data will complement the strength of seasoned underwriters with the skill-set to evaluate business on a risk-by-risk basis. I'll take advantage of areas of specialization so that we better deliver resolutions to the market, building on our underwriting expertise and partnering with our reinsurer. I will expect this will take a bit of time, but you should expect actions and improvements each quarter with a goal of getting to sustainable underwriting profitability. These are the steps to improve profitability and achieve our goal of making AIG better than it has ever been. The benefit of our diversification was evident again this quarter in our solid consumer results. Consumer reported over $1 billion in pre-tax operating earnings this quarter. These businesses continue to provide earnings stability to AIG and value diversity across products and geographies, which Kevin will speak to. Finally, on the topic of our recent de-designation as a nonbank SIFI. Well, this is an important milestone for the company. And we believe it puts us on a level playing field with our competition. This positive action was the appropriate response given our size and risk exposure. Our views on growth, both organic and inorganic remain unchanged, and we will continue to pursue opportunities to grow AIG profitably. With that, I'll turn it over to Sid to discuss the numbers.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll comment on our third quarter financial results and provide an update on our capital and liquidity. Turning to slide 4, we reported an after-tax operating loss per share of $1.22, reflecting catastrophe losses and reserve strengthening on recent accident years in commercial. Our consumer businesses delivered another solid quarter of results with a normalized ROE of 10.6% in the quarter and 11.6% year-to-date. Operating results also benefited from our ongoing expense discipline, with general operating expenses on an operating basis down 11% or over $260 million from the third quarter a year ago. Turning to slide 5, the catastrophe losses of $3 billion were in line with our previously disclosed range and were comprised of $2.7 billion in Commercial losses and almost $300 million in Personal Insurance losses. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, our early estimate of California wildfire losses is approximately $500 million pre-tax, net of reinsurance and largely in our Personal Insurance business. Turning to slide 6, I'll provide some commentary on reserves. First, we have completed our assessment on over 80% of our reserves in total during our third quarter reviews. This leaves a little less than 20% of our reserves remaining to be reviewed in the fourth quarter. As part of our studies, we accelerated approximately $6 billion of reserves into the third quarter from the fourth quarter based on lines that displayed adverse claims trends. As a result of our reviews, we strengthened prior year commercial P&C loss reserves by $900 million pre-tax, excluding the $62 million benefit from the amortization of the deferred gain on the adverse development cover. Based on the detailed valuation reviews, there was no overall development on the lines covered by ADC with Berkshire. At this point, the remaining 20% of lines scheduled for the fourth quarter do not display any adverse claims trends. Our observations of 2016 underwriting and claims trends resulted in the judgments we took on 2016 and 2017 accident years. These lines are still green with a range of uncertainty, and we decided it was prudent for us to further move up in the range. Detailed analyses, claims trends, and an evaluation of our underwriting supported these judgments and varied book-by-book. In our European Casualty business, we saw an increase in large losses driven by an increase in underwriting limits in Continental Europe. And we are taking actions to remediate this book. U.S. Commercial Auto, including certain program business, continued to experience higher severity beyond our prior expectations. The reserve strengthening on the program business was due to programs we have terminated that have performed extremely poorly, and should amount to only $50 million of premium in the fourth quarter. We also added to U.S. Excess Casualty to move up in our range of potential outcomes. And finally, we took a reserve action in our Financial Lines portfolio for accident year 2016, largely to respond to increased private company bankruptcy trends and increased claims in not-for-profit. As a result of our detailed reviews, we've also strengthened the current accident year loss PICCs for 2017 by roughly 4.9 points year-to-date. There is a catch up this quarter worth 3.3 points relates to the first six months of 2017. You'll also note that we incurred higher-than-expected severe losses this quarter. Year-to-date, our Commercial accident year loss ratio as adjusted is 68.9%, as shown on slide 7. And while we can't provide insight into an actual fourth quarter loss ratio, a high 60%s is a reasonable expectation for a full accident year. As we look at the chart, which shows 2016 and 2017 on a restated basis, we see roughly two points of improvement year-on-year. This is being driven by our mix shift, along with improvements within our Casualty and Specialty business. However, the significant deterioration within our Property attrition on severe loss results is largely offsetting many of these improvements. We also recognized the $284 million operating pre-tax benefit in our Life and Retirement businesses, related to the annual review of actuarial assumption. The benefit was largely in the Individual Retirement business and reflected lower assumed lapses on Fixed Annuities as well as strong equity market performance, increasing our expected gross profits for Variable Annuities. This was partially offset by a reduced long-term return expectations. Our balance sheet and free cash flow remained strong. As shown on slide 8, Parent Liquidity at quarter-end was $6.7 billion. During the quarter, we received approximately $500 million of distributions from our insurance companies, including tax sharing payments. Outflows during the quarter included approximately $700 million of calls and tenders of our debt. In addition, during the quarter, we also repurchased $278 million of our outstanding shares and warrants. With respect to capital, the recent CATs did not require us to downstream capital to our insurance subsidiaries. Our current capital ratios at subsidiaries are expected to end the year within our target range. We continue to have the commitment and discipline in executing our legacy strategy. In late September, we signed a purchase and sale agreement to sell the remaining Life Settlements contracts, which closed on November 1. The impact of book value is a pre-tax, non-operating charge of approximately $300 million in the third quarter of 2017 to write-down the contracts to their fair market value implied by the pricing on these transactions. The net proceeds to the holding company were $1.1 billion and a smaller portion also went to our P&C insurance subsidiaries. The sale of the Life Settlement portfolio has allowed us to fully achieve our planned $9 billion in capital to Parent slightly ahead of schedule. We will continue to make progress on our Legacy strategy going forward, and update you when further transactions occur. Looking ahead to 2018, we expect $4 billion to $5 billion in dividends from our insurance subsidiaries, excluding any potentially Legacy-related activity and subject to our customary approvals. Tax sharing payments from subsidiaries will reflect the impact of the losses we've seen in our P&C companies this quarter. We also continue to carefully assess the potential impacts from U.S. corporate tax reform and are in the process of studying yesterday's bill. Our previous sensitivity analysis on changes to the statutory tax rates still hold. An immediate reduction in the statutory corporate tax rate to 20% would result in a reduction in our deferred tax assets by approximately $7 billion. Similarly, we would expect our ROE to increase by approximately 150 basis points prospectively. So in isolation, we view this as a slight positive from a value perspective. As a reminder, our year-end reporting will reflect the new organizational structure, which will become effective during the fourth quarter. Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance segments are transitioning to General Insurance led by Peter Zaffino and Life and Retirement led by Kevin Hogan. General Insurance is expected to include U.S. and international results for Commercial and Personal Insurance. Life and Retirement is expected to include Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life Insurance and Institutional Markets. In advance of our fourth quarter earnings release, we plan to release a recast of our financial supplement. To sum up, despite the volatility in the Commercial business this quarter, we have a clear line of sight into how we're going to improve our results. We have demonstrated the value of maintaining a strong balance sheet and free cash flow profile, which gives us flexibility to execute on our strategic options. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Sid, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will discuss some of my early observations at AIG, our third quarter business results for the Commercial business, and our focus on building an operating structure that will drive long-term sustainable improvements in underwriting, as well as our financial performance. First, let me express how pleased I am to have joined AIG, and it's great to be working with Brian again. I'm also very pleased to be working with a talented leadership team, and all of our colleagues from around the world. I expect the majority of my first three months here as a Global Chief Operating Officer, interacting with clients, distribution partners and colleagues. During my visit to many cities around the world, I've begun to review our operations in more detail, and learn more about our ability to provide value and service to our clients and brokers. As part of the transition to AIG's new operating structure and my expanded role, I have spent the last 30 days becoming more familiar with the underwriting process and claims process for the Commercial and Personal Insurance businesses. Our early observations have affirmed many of the perspectives I had from interacting with AIG as a business partner in previous roles. First, our clients and broker partners regard AIG as an insurer with deep risk expertise and very strong underwriting capabilities, along with innovative solutions to deliver on our expansive global footprint. They want AIG to be a strong and active underwriter of risk, and we have received overwhelming support of our plans to position AIG for the future. My second observation is related to the team at AIG. The spirit and collaborative nature of our colleagues as well as their desire to rally around leadership is truly impressive. Nowhere has that been more strongly evident than the remarkable response to the recent natural catastrophes. While these times are devastating for those directly impacted, it is incumbent upon us and the industry to do what we do best and get clients back to business. In my opinion, this is where AIG excels. Even before the events hit, we positioned 500 claims colleagues from various worldwide locations so that they were prepared to inspect locations and adjudicate claims as soon conditions would allow. We've responded to over 11, 000 Commercial and Personal Lines claims and have physically inspected 99% of the sites impacted by Harvey and Irma and have distributed funds to our clients. Moving on to my observations of the business, there have been many changes at AIG over the past decade, with strategic priorities shifting under numerous leadership appointments. As a result, it's been hard to focus the organization on making intended, meaningful progress to improve overall financial results. Our new organizational structure will play to AIG's core strength of underwriting expertise in key segments, connecting our global platform and leading with innovation, making us more responsive to client needs. It will more closely align us with our clients and distribution partners, define clearer accountabilities within AIG, drive more empowerment in the field, and improve the speed of decision-making. We are enhancing our new structure by hiring very experienced underwriters and former colleagues with track records of strong financial performance to complement the talent we have here today. Let me transition to some key areas of our performance. Turning to slide 10, I will speak to Commercial's third quarter results. As Sid mentioned, we will shift to presenting results for our General Insurance in the fourth quarter. Commercial's reported underwriting results reflect the noteworthy events that Sid discussed in his opening comments. Net premiums written declined 13% excluding FX, with 9 points of the total decline driven by continued risk selection efforts, mainly in U.S. Casualty and Property, and the remaining 4 points related to the previously announced sales of Ascot and select international operations to Fairfax. On slide 11, Liability and Financial Lines accident year results include the increase in current accident year loss PICCs for U.S. Casualty. Risk selection efforts to improve performance in U.S. Casualty and market competition drove the quarter's premium decline. Turning to slide 12, Property is clearly a focal point this quarter given the significant natural catastrophe losses, and we also experienced an elevated level of severe losses. It's important to note that, by and large, AIG did not have any recovery from our CAT reinsurance programs. Our reinsurance agreements were not triggered given the multiple loss events, each of which did not exceed our retention. Having said that, going forward, we will take a long-term strategic approach to reinsurance, working in close partnerships with our major reinsurers. During 2018, at a minimum, we will look to take a lower net retention on our property CAT book, take less per-risk net retention in Property, reduce our net limits in certain casualty lines, and look for opportunities to further reduce volatility in our results as we position the company for long-term profitable growth. In 2017, we saw incremental underwriting improvement for Commercial overall, but recognize that there's been further deterioration in our property. As Brian mentioned, the third quarter events will be a catalyst for Property, and we're taking actions. We've been communicating the need for both rate and CAT and non-CAT risks with clients and distribution partners. While we have much to do, and it is early, there are positive signs that Property rates will improve. Our goal is to achieve double-digit rate increases on a risk-adjusted basis, which will deliver further improvements in the accident year loss ratio on an adjusted basis. I'll wrap up my third quarter commentary by acknowledging we're not where we want to be in terms of underwriting performance. I came to AIG because I'm highly motivated to contribute to the success of this terrific organization. Together with our leadership team, I intend to run to problems and to develop a plan to fix them as quickly as possible. As Brian outlined, we now have the key components of the operating structure, and we'll continue to develop and add talent with a laser focus on underwriting excellence. These are the elements that will enable AIG to become an industry leader that meets the needs of all of its stakeholders. Looking forward, our main priority is to allow our teams to successfully prepare for January 1 renewals and not disrupt their efforts as they work with our clients. We expect to have the full General Insurance operating structure clearly defined by January 1, 2018, and have begun making progress on three major parts of our business, which I'll just cover briefly. The first is our International business, where we just named Chris Townsend as CEO of International General Insurance earlier this week. Chris will lead AIG's International growth strategy. Our second area of focus is AIG's Risk Management and loss sensitive business, a core strength, which requires infrastructure that few companies have. We named Bill Rabl as CEO of AIGRM to create best practices and consistency in how we deliver value to our large clients. Lexington is our third area of focus. As the largest excess and surplus lines underwriter in the U.S., we will invest in specialized leadership, expertise and a distribution strategy that enables Lexington to act more opportunistically in the market. We are working towards a new era for AIG, where we will fundamentally improve risk selection to deliver a better quality book, deploy capital towards the best opportunities for profitable growth, and improve our operational process. While we are embarking on a journey that will take some time as the prior accident years earn out, I'm confident in the choices we're making to deliver a repositioning that will solidify AIG as an industry leader. I look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. With that, I will turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on slide 14, Consumer produced solid results for the quarter despite higher catastrophe losses. We earned over $1 billion in pre-tax operating income, and our normalized ROE was 10.6%. Higher catastrophe losses were partially offset by lower accident-year losses for Personal Insurance and the favorable actuarial assumptions update and higher fee income for Life and Retirement. Strength of the equity markets has continued to help partially mitigate the challenges and impact of the low-rate environment on our results. During the quarter, we continued to take further actions to enhance returns, strengthen our platforms and pursue targeted growth opportunities. Turning to Individual Retirement on slide 15, regulatory uncertainties and disruption have continued to significantly affect distributors, negatively impacting industry sales, particularly of annuity products. This disruption, along with more aggressive competition in the Fixed Annuity space, led to materially lower Individual Retirement sales and net flows from a year ago. In the face of industry sales challenges, we continued our disciplined approach with respect to product pricing, product features and asset quality. We've enhanced the product design and features for our Variable and Index Annuities in a disciplined manner, which has attracted new sales. And continue to benefit from our broad product portfolio and diversified distribution network. Individual Retirement's Assets Under Administration were at historical highs at quarter-end driven by equity market performance and positive Index Annuity net flows, which resulted in increased fee income. We continued our practice of active spread management but as expected, we saw compression from the runoff of higher-yielding assets and the low-yield environment. Also, Commercial mortgage loan and unexpected accretion income impacted base net investment spreads benefiting Variable and Index Annuities in the current quarter and Fixed Annuities in the prior period. Turning to Group Retirement on page 16, our investments in VALIC has transformed the plan sponsor and participant's experience continued to pay off. Improved net flows reflected strong sales, including a very high level of new group acquisitions year-to-date as well as improved group plan retention. Assets Under Administration for Group Retirement were also at historical highs at quarter-end driven by equity market performance. Despite disciplined rate management, net investment spread declined partially caused by higher Commercial mortgage loan income in the prior period, but also due to the run-off of higher-yielding assets and reinvestment in the low-yield environment. Looking forward, across Individual and Group Retirement, absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, we continue to expect our net spreads will decline by approximately 1 to 3 basis points per quarter. Let's now move on to Life Insurance on slide 17. Our Life Insurance business continued to make progress, executing on our plans to enhance ROE and return to growth. In the U.S., our new modern administrative platform, distribution simplification efforts and narrowed product focus are supporting both top and bottom line growth. Our premiums and deposits increased and we had strong growth in both term and universal Life Insurance sales. Also, mortality experience was consistent with prior year and within the pricing expectations. Turning to slide 18, although the headline for Personal Insurance for the quarter was higher catastrophe losses, the normalized results reflected the strategic actions we have taken over the last few years to reposition this business. These actions include a focus on markets and customer segments where we have a competitive advantage and favorable growth prospects. The improvement in Personal Insurance's accident year combined ratio as adjusted reflected lower non-CAT losses in the quarter. As I mentioned in our earnings call for the second quarter, we are moving our focus from margin expansion to growth at targeted margins. Finally, in Japan, we continue to make progress on our transformation, while producing solid underwriting results. We remain on track for the legal entity merger on January 1, 2018, with a completion of User Acceptance Testing and the resulting systems cut-over in October, allowing us to achieve the milestone of soliciting new and renewal policies on the new legal entity platforms and paper effective January 1. As this transition continues into 2018, we will have the expense of still operating multiple legal entities, which will have some variability ahead of savings being realized in 2019 and beyond. To close, I'm pleased with the progress we are making across our businesses. Now, I would like to turn it back to Liz to open up to Q&A.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay, well, listen, let me do it. So, operator, let's start Q&A.
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you. And our first question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. Working through all the changes with reserve  inter-quarter reserve charges and whatnot, I look at the liability in Financial Lines segment and I see about 300, 400 basis points of initial PICC improvement from the first half of 2017 to third quarter 2017. Give that you had these early emergent loss problems in the 2016 year, is it prudent to be picking the third quarter of 2017 so much higher  or so much better than the first half of the year?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, Josh, I think we're being realistic about our loss PICCs. There was improvement. I think there is some  recognize, the starting points, but if you go accident-year-to-accident-year there was improvements in Casualty, whether it's reducing areas of high loss levels or changing reinsurance, et cetera, we're basically getting rid of programs, et cetera. So we have made improvements, so I think they're realistic. Yeah.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: The third quarter book looks somewhat different from the first half book is what you're saying?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I don't know if it's the third quarter. I mean, I look at it on a year-to-date basis. That's the loss ratio you got to look at and that's the one I concern myself with. And Sid tried to give you a kind of a general idea of what the accident year for the  for all of 2017 is going to be and I think that's really, to me, our starting point. And that's the one I would use.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey. Thanks. So just going back to, I guess, Brian's earlier comments. You originally said that reserves appear reasonable, and I think you also said this morning that, that you still  that, that conclusion still holds. If that's the case, is this  is the lower reserve, I guess, activity we're seeing this quarter, that level of volatility, what investors should be used to or expect on a go-forward basis? Thanks.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. Thanks, Ryan. Let me clarify. I think the reserve process is reasonable. And when I look at 2016, it's the first chance we get to look at it really, first real view of it. So, I consider this more underwriting than actuarial. This is looking at our underwriting and understanding what our starting point was and whether the changes taking effect were as strong as they were, and we're setting that up. So we are in a business of volatility. There's no question about it. So quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see movements, but as I said in my remarks, and Peter repeated, we want to dampen some of this volatility through reinsurance to take some of that out, and then get the right base going forward. And that's  I think the real takeaway for you is, that I would like you to understand is, the process is reasonable. The underwriting will get better, and we will get these accident year loss ratios down and we'll get to profitability.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And, I guess, thinking about the process of  whether it's establishing reserves this quarter or even just losses on the hurricane, is there anything different about, I guess, the approach that you might have taken in establishing what the right size of those was versus what you think AIG may have done in the past?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, look, it's very wise for me to comment on what AIG did in the past, and so, I don't want to do that. What I want to do is, say, look, I come here and I look at what we're doing now, and I think it's reasonable. I do. And to me, if you've got a problem, you recognize it, you recognize it early, you admit it, you have to fix it. That's our business. You can't go error free. What you can do is be relentless in the pursuit of the truth and the resulting actions that are required. And that's what we're doing. So, I think it's  I think we're on the right track. I really do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. One question and then a follow-up. The first, I just want to clarify that, as the remaining reserves are reviewed for Property Casualty in the fourth quarter, and we realized there's around 20% left. Am I right in saying or characterizing, what you're saying as, don't expect anything meaningful from a development standpoint in 4Q?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: I had a feeling you'd ask something like that, Jay. So, let me give you a couple of data points, okay. There was  yeah, there's about 20% left (36:12) $10 billion, I think something like that and 80%  here's the data point, 80% of that's basically covered by the ADC. So that's data point. And the other is, as Sid pointed out, we pulled forward anything that we saw that was showing deterioration signs, the rest isn't. so, I think those are two indications of what the fourth quarter might produce.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you. And then for Peter, I believe you mentioned in your prepared remarks expectations for double-digit rate increases in Commercial. Are you talking about just Commercial Property insurance? And, I don't if at this point you want to give any expectations for accident year loss ratio improvement in 2018?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Thanks, Jay. Why don't I just comment on what's happening on with rate. And as Brian mentioned and I followed-up is that the tax have been a catalyst for pushing rate, but the accident years for Property have underperformed I think in the industry, with a lot of rate pressure from the better part of the last four years. I think the lack of CAT has allowed the attritional loss ratio to kind of creep up. So in the third quarter, we began to push rate and that was on CAT exposed as well non-CAT exposed business and the rates are holding. I mean, just a reminder, our fourth quarter is the seasonally smallest quarter for Property, so it'll take a little bit of time. I actually think that the reinsurance market hasn't fully worked its way out either with the retro capacity we see capital being raised, so that's really to serve a lot of the current portfolio, how that translates into reinsurance and then into primary, we will see. But we have been over-communicating with distribution partners and clients and outlining a lot of specific reasons why we need rate and the early signs are that we're achieving it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. My first question, I guess, is a little bit of follow-up tied together, price and reinsurance. So Peter, on your comment, you pointed to purchasing more reinsurance next year with expectations that rates will be higher. Do you think you guys  is the strategy to get enough price on your own business to offset the impact of paying higher reinsurance price and just how do you envision that all coming together in the margins in your Commercial line's book?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: I think you want to  she wanted you to answer that, Peter?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: All right, Elyse, well, we had a fairly traditional CAT program on a per occurrence basis. We're looking at a variety of different options in the market now. We're looking at different ways of structuring the CAT, we're looking at different ways to structure our per risk, looking for perhaps some catastrophe covering our per risk. So, we're looking at a variety of different structures. So, we'll be in a better position to talk about it in the fourth quarter. I'm not sure that on our book, we're going to see a significant amount of rate in the reinsurance structure, that's yet to be determined. And that's not going to really influence what we're doing on the front-end. We're pushing rate because we need to improve our accident years in Property.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Can I just add to that? Elyse, let me just add to that. Look, we're buying reinsurance because we have too much volatility, frankly. And I want the partnership of a reinsurer to help me look at our portfolio. There's a lot of value in reinsurance, and we don't expect rate compression. We don't think that the resulting numbers are going to be out of line with where they should be, but we're going to see real value out of the reinsurance. And I don't expect that to be a problem. It's going to be a help to us.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then my second question, if we kind of think about the Property market today and just the expectations for higher prices, I mean just from sitting through and thinking about the softness that we've seen over the past years, how sustainable do you think a hard market could be? And, Brian, as you kind of think back, is there another kind of prior period you would compare the type of hardening market we're potentially looking forward to on the Commercial Lines side?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Elyse, that's interesting. I've been around a while, seen a few hard markets, but there haven't been that many. I mean, so we'll not talking about 20. They're all different. They're all different. They all start out different. They all end different. It's usually  obviously, it starts with the fact that the pricing, whatever level, isn't any good. And we certainly had that aspect. I think a lot of times, it's a withdrawal of capacity as opposed to a loss, because the catastrophe itself took it away. They tend to be localized. So in my experience, you could have a Property hard market, and you don't have a Casualty hard market. The 9/11 time was a bit different. So I think the market is recognizing that the Property levels are unsustainable, number one. Number two, the Property market has believed (41:48) it's been living off of the CAT profits. They don't exist. And number three, I think there is a real question about whether the models for CAT are hitting the mark. Is there a global warming, et cetera, the things that we're seeing, wildfires in California. So, I think there's maybe a question about the whole level of exposure that we have. All those are a great making for a market. How long it lasts? I guess it lasts as long as it lasts. How long is a piece of string? I don't know, but I do think it has all the ingredients for a significant improvement to Property because the Property has problems at the frequency level, it's got problems at the severe loss level, and it's got problems in the CAT, and all should be fixed. The interesting thing is the market  we have to do it anyway. We started taking actions and raising rates and taking care of our exposures. And the market is doing exactly the same thing. So we definitely see a sign of a market change here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning. My first question on the underlying loss ratio trends, and if you look at the (42:52) trend, it improved about 2 points like to 69% in the first nine months of 2017. So, given the underwriting action you are taking right now, and just wonder, the pace of the improvements, the 2 points, do you see that will be slower in 2018?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: No, I don't think it'd be slower. I don't think it'd be slower.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Because we're addressing non-Property lines with the actions they require, and risk selection is the number one action taken, and we've already talked about the Property, so, no, I don't think it'll be slower.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. My follow-up question on capital management, you purchased about like $275 million of shares in the third quarter. Is that level the investor can expect going forward? And how do you see the $4 billion to $5 billion sub-dividends (44:00) going forward each year?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: I'm not going to give you an expectation of what we might do in share buybacks. We bought back shares. And we may buy back shares again. I won't tell you when or how or what, but it is a capital management tool; we've used it. We do have capital; we want to deploy that capital in our business, that's primary. I believe we have places that we can deploy to make improvements in our portfolio and long-term structure, and that's the number one priority. Okay. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Two questions, Brian. The first one, just on the SIFI de-designation; given when you read the Fed's commentary about how much you shrunk the balance sheet as the rationale for the de-designation. Does this inform your view of what types of deals you might consider from an M&A perspective, meaning would you consider deals that added a lot of balance sheet given what the Fed said in that process?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, that's interesting, Tom. When I do a deal that adds to the  well, I think most deals do add to the balance sheet, so that's not my first thought, though, obviously. My first thought is, is it strategic? Is it something that makes us better? Do we get better people or better technology or better market penetration, or are we in places we don't? And I'm not  anything we do would make us larger. But I want us to be better and better balanced and have more diversification on earnings stream. And that trumps anything else.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Got you. And then my follow-up is, when I think about the message at AIG in 2015 and 2016, it was getting far more conservative and shrinking the casualty book. And now you have all this adverse development on the 2016 accident year for the long-tail lines. I guess, what I ask myself, is it possible that there was a lot of adverse selection there as AIG was executing the pivot? Is that part of what's going on here? Or is that  do you think that's not the right observation?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Tom, look  there's probably some of that. I would say that selection trumps price; let's start with that, okay. And if one takes action and it's price-oriented, you could suffer some risk selection issues if you're not thinking selection first. And so I've tried to emphasize in my remarks that risk selection is our first priority, and we will price the products that we like appropriately. And so if there is some adverse selection taking place, we're going to root that out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Hi. Thank you. With the issues we've seen in 2016, 2017 books, it's clear and as you alluded today, AIG has continued to have some underwriting challenges. Based on what you observed, what do you think is driving this? And can you provide more detail on what you're doing on the underwriting side in terms of talent, processes, data, et cetera, to improve the results?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, look, I think there were some actions, and I don't want to denigrate all the work that was done here. I mean, there is some improvement. But I think the  back to what we said, Peter, and I said about the Commercial business, we attacked the structure because I think the structure was not recognizing that Specialty matters. So, there was a little too much general, it's not Specialty. We imposed, and rightfully so, better underwriting tools, tools to help underwriters get better. But we have to have the underwriters make the ultimate decisions. So I think we  I think the pendulum might have swung a little bit towards the science and less towards underwriting of selection. We want to restore that balance. I think, I know, we're in a volatile. We take a lot of volatility. Our gross lines I believe were too high. I believe our net lines were too high. So when you have issues, they're extreme. If you make a mistake, it's exacerbated. So we want to cut those extremes down. And I think, we want a better balance. I mean, you've got to pick your spots where you can make money and where you can you should reduce. Some of that took place. There's a greater, maybe, an enhanced sense of urgency to do that and, yeah, there's a  we have good people here. But there are places where we need good people that we're getting from the outside. It will always starts with people. You put a good structure together, I think we got a great structure. You put good people in that structure, you empower them, and you hold them accountable, and this is very doable. I've seen it before, I haven't seen  there's nothing I haven't seen before. This is all basic execution and it's execution that will win the day here. And we are executing.
Erik Bass - Autonomous Research: Thank you, appreciate the comments. And just  from the specialization of the business units, what does that mean from a practical basis? And how do you see that improving the results?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, we talked about AIG Risk Management. That's a business in our marketplace that comes in, in a certain way, has to be handled by specialists. We have diffused that and spread it across the business. Now we've created the unit, again, we used to have one, we created it again. Lexington; Lexington is a Surplus Lines company. It requires a separate unit with people who are specialists in Surplus Lines work. We had taken that business and kind of spread it into our branches. And so, there are  people were doing both. That's not a good way to structure, so we've gone back, and we're creating the Lexington. Peter, maybe you want to add something?
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, Brian, I think just to add to what you were saying is that by creating these distinct units that have very strong capabilities within their segment, if you look AIGRM, the ability to share best practices across the loss sensitive and Risk Management business is going to yield better results. We are doing a bottoms-up review, so Bill Rabl is going to look at  there's a finite amount of risk, there's 800 (50:48), we're going to do a ground up view of risk selection, attachment points and using all the tools, data and capabilities that we have to price the business. So we're really going to get into the details and focus on underwriting and improving the book.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Larry Greenberg with Janney. Please go ahead.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Just following up on underlying loss ratio. I just want to be sure I'm understanding this, that usually when we hear about underwriting actions and how the accounting works in this business, it usually takes a year to two for it to flow through the bottom lines. But am I understanding that, that with reinsurance, with cutting back limits, with some of the actions that you or your predecessors might have taken to-date that we can expect or should expect an improvement in 2018 levels?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Well, one would hope our 2018 has improved over 2017, that's the actions we're taking. And yeah, reinsurance can speed it up a little bit, I suppose. Things still have to earn out. 2017 is going to earn out into 2018, that's just life. And there's nobody that wants to get this done any faster than me. I know you're impatient I'm even more impatient than you are. There is a sense of urgency here. We'll get it done as fast as humanly possible.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Great. And then the volatility in the larger severe losses in the Property line, is there any way to kind of give us a tolerance level for severe losses? Or how we should be thinking about that prospectively as you cut back limits?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Peter is going to answer that.
Peter Zaffino - American International Group, Inc.: Yes. I think Larry, back to what we had talked about on the risk appetite for a property per risk, we probably  when we were re-underwriting the book, I think we took some very good actions to try to improve the overall portfolio. I believe focusing on areas of key segmentation and continuing that evolution. But I think it'll be a better chance for us to update in the next quarter when we have an understanding of our per risk. I think our tolerance is going to decrease, and so some of those spikes that perhaps you've seen in the past will be leveled out. I think that's what Brian was referring to, and lessening the volatility that we're seeing on some of the losses, even in Casualty where we just have too big of a net. So, I don't think you can draw to one specific reason as to why it's occurring, other than we want to protect the balance sheet and protect our results through reinsurance purchasing above severe.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Two quick questions here for you. First, if I look at the general operating expenses, down 20% year-over-year in the Commercial line segment. So, Brian, Peter, I'm wondering, when are we going to start seeing the investments in the business that you'd talked about start to kick in on the expense side? And could that have some offset with respect to the margins in the business as the loss ratio may be goes down, you'll start to see the expense ratio at least in the interim kind of move up here?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. Investment is  we're investing in people. So there's good GOE and bad GOE, that's a good GOE.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Right.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: And we're investing in people. So that  and I said this in the last call, maybe you're going to see  you could see some offsets to reductions over here with increases over here, but we're adding to the strength of the company. Ultimately, that's a good thing. So I'm not  we have to be expense conscious in this business. We, as a company, still have an expense level that's in excess of our peers and therefore, in excess of what the market will bear. We've got to address that. There's no question about it. And there's different ways to address it, but getting better people in is  has to be a priority, period. Sid, you want to say something?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, Brian, I'd just remind you one of the areas that we've been most aggressive on and that has contributed to our expense discipline has been areas such as professional services fees, overhead IT infrastructure, real estate and we're going to continue to attack those areas I think with a tremendous amount of discipline, both at AIG level and in Commercial.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Right. And we're going through this  we mentioned the structure. The structure calls for  like all unit integrity, more specialized units, more of them. Technically speaking, that probably adds a little bit to expense levels. But my experience is when you put someone in charge, give them a unit, they squeeze the living daylights out of the expenses. So, I think ultimately, that's another great way to get our expenses under control. Give people responsibilities for a P&L, and you'll see expense discipline.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Great. And then, just next question quickly, just on the share buyback that we saw on the quarter, kind of taking a little bit different way here toward this, Brian. $250 million, not a whole lot, not that meaningful. Why buy back anything? Why not just keep the cash in your balance sheet for these investment opportunities?
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: I got to say, what a great question, Brian. I mean, I didn't expect to say, why you're buying any stock back? So this is interesting. It's a management, it's a capital management tool, and we deployed it and I'll continue to deploy it. Look, I don't have anything against stock buyback as a management tool. If I can find something better to do with the capital, you know I better be doing that, that's what we get paid to do. So no, we make the decisions as the moment arises, and we'll continue to do that.
Brian Duperreault - American International Group, Inc.: Look, I think I'm being told that we should wrap up. So operator, I'm going to just do some closing remarks now. Look, first of all, thank you, investing publics to  that listened to the story. I think, just be confident in our efforts. We will right this ship, it's started already. I am a very optimistic man about this, I really am. And then, I really want to finish by thanking the employees. Look, we've gone through a very difficult quarter, catastrophes that have affected us as a business and affected us personally, and I can't be prouder. So thanks, everybody.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the AIG's Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Liz Werner: Thank you, Anthony. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first and second quarter 10-Q and our 2016 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for today's presentation and in our financial supplement, both of which are available on our website. This morning, you'll have the opportunity to hear from various members of our senior management team including Brian Duperreault, Sid Sankaran, Rob Schimek and Kevin Hogan. And with us in the room today are Peter Zaffino, Seraina Macia and Doug Dachille. The format will follow the past calls then we'll ask you to ask one question and one follow-up and then please get back into queue for any additional questions. With that, I'd like to turn it over to our CEO, Brian Duperreault.
Brian Duperreault: Well, thank you. Good morning. It's great to be here today and talking to you about AIG. It's been busy few months and I'd like to give you a sense of where we are as a company and why I am excited about AIG's future. The second quarter was a great indication of breadth of our businesses and the opportunities for grow they provide. Overall, our second quarter results were solid. Consumer delivered another strong quarter led by personal insurance profit growth. Commercial continued to execute on its mix shift and managed through a very challenging Property and Casualty market. Before I get into the numbers, I want to note that going forward we will no longer be providing guidance or targets, but today I will speak to the actions that will improve the bottom line and drive shareholder value. Financial targets are important in how we manage the Company, but they have to put in balance. I would like to share my thoughts on Commercial, Consumer, talent, growth and capital. Over the past few months, I spent my time in the field and with our business leaders. As you might expect, I started with Commercial. Our goal in Commercial is to improve the bottom line and the best way to do that near-term is to shift our mix of business while continuing the emphasis on risk selection. The Commercial team has made good progress reducing our U.S. casualty exposure, shrinking the gross book by a third from 2015. Those risks were easily absorbed by the market and weve seen a market with capacity and underrated prices, terms and conditions that we find unacceptable. Improvements in our underwriting are emerging and will continue to positively impact our results, but we are not done, we still have portfolio that don't meet profit targets including Property. Given market condition, fixing them most likely will require further reductions in premiums written. Disciplined underwriting should also reduce the concern surrounding our reserves. This quarter roughly 16 billion of reserves were reduced, including some of our most challenged lines where we've seen adverse development in the fourth quarter of previous years. Most recent accident years which are still green are developing as expected. I believe our reserve review and loss pick process is sound. Moving on to Consumer. These businesses represent roughly half of the Company's core equity and are valuable source of earning stability. We enjoy leading market positions across many products and distribution channels, which allow us to maintain profitability in evolving markets. Personal insurance in particular has significantly contributed to the quarter's profit growth and provides a great opportunity for future growth. Expense discipline is a hallmark of a great company. Good work has been done to reduce our cost structure. A balance needs to be set so that we invest in both people and technology that produce long-term productivity gains while addressing costs that produce no value add. I heard many concerns about talent before I arrived. It is no question AIG lost talent. It was also blessed with a strong bench. The job now is to rebuild that bench. We're regaining our position as the best company to work for in our industry. I'm going to take full advantage of that as a net acquirer of talent. You've seen our recent announcements and we're excited that Peter Zaffino and Seraina Macia have joined the team. I have spent five years working with Peter. I know that his focus on leadership and leadership will drive operating excellence and expand AIG's franchise. Seraina is no stranger to AIG and she's coming back as the CEO of our new technology driven subsidiary. Under her leadership, we will build upon the Hamilton USA platform where she was previously CEO. I also intend to maximize the value the AIG's international footprint in over 80 countries. The global presence simply can be duplicated and we will empower our people to develop and expand upon it. As I mentioned back in May, I'm here to grow the Company profitably. In addition to targeted organic growth opportunities, we will consider acquisitions that are strategically complimentary. I have a track record of building value to acquisitions and you could expect that bring that experience and philosophy to AIG. We will consider opportunities that are additive with respect to diversification and the balance they bring to our existing portfolio and capabilities along with future profitable growth. Areas where we see opportunities may be found internationally, in personal alliance, life insurance and in the U.S. small and middle market to name a few. Our capital management strategy will support our goal of profitable growth, and while we will return capital shareholders, we intend to prioritize our investments in organic and inorganic opportunities. We still have a buyback authorization in place and we will consider return, but there are no longer targeting an annual amount per share repurchase. Weve already repurchased half of the Companys market cap over the past three years. Going forward, our priority is to allocate capital to support profitable growth both organic and inorganic. This company generates a significant amount of free cash flow and as we generate excess cash, we can consider capital return including our dividend payoff given our growth outlook. To reiterate, my comments at Consumer Investor Day, growth and profitability and book value are the measures of success in our business. Finally, on the topic of being a bank city -- non-bank city I should say. I've looked at it and I think, if you consider where we're today, we would not meet the hurdles for that designation. This company has dramatically changed its risk profile and controls since the financial crisis. The data use for designating firms supports that statement when you compare us to peers and we will continue to work with our numerous regulators to demonstrate the substantial and successful de-risking that AIG has achieved. I often remind everyone that there are few companies in the insurance industry with the scale, global footprint and brand of AIG, not only I'm excited by what I've seen, I know what this company is capable of doing based on my long history at the Company and my prior roles at one of the largest broker partners and largest competitors. My goal is to make AIG better than it's been. In closing I look forward to speaking with you again on our progress, and with that, I will turn it over to Sid.
Sid Sankaran: Thank you, Brian, and good morning everyone. This morning I'll comment on our second quarter financial results and provide an update on our capital and liquidity. Turning to slide 4, we reported after-tax operating earnings of $1.53 per share, driven by solid operating performance, led by our Consumer business and in particular personal insurance. Our results benefited from strong alternative investment returns driven by favorable equity markets and lower than expected cat losses. Even after were moving except alternative investment returns, prior year development and lower than expected cat. Normalized EPS was $1.33. Book value per share ex-AOCI grew 2% during the quarter to $76.12 and 4% year-to-date. Book value per share growth in the long-term remains an important objective for us in accessing value creation for our shareholders. AIG's adjusted ROE was 10.5% and is shown on Page 5, and our core normalized ROE was 9.9% for the quarter. Capital management, operating efficiencies and personal insurance profitability positively contributed to the core ROE and were offset by increased commercial loss fix from the second half of 2016. The year-to-date core normalized ROE was 9.2%, and we believe we are on track to demonstrate profitability in our core insurance operations for the full year. Consumer delivered another strong quarter and saw 33% increase in pretax operating income relative to prior year. Consumers normalized ROE was roughly 13% for the quarter and 12% year-to-date. Nearly 90% of Consumer insurance attributed equity generated a double digit return this quarter. Commercial continues to execute on a strategy of mix shift and risk selection in a challenging market environment, which is evidenced in our reduction of net written premiums. Year-over-year comparisons are impacted by the second half 2016 increases in loss picks for U.S. casualty and programs as well as an increase in Property and Special Risk losses. Rob will speak to these items further in his remarks. During the quarter, we accelerated the number of detailed reserving reviews we performed at Liability and Financial Lines compared to a year ago. We completed reviews of reserves totaling roughly $16 million, including primary and excess general liability, medical malpractice and environmental. Historically, these have been among our most challenging lines and had contributed roughly half of prior year development in the past two years. Also note that typically these lines have been reviewed in the fourth quarter in previous years. Based on our reviews, we recorded 21 million of net adverse prior year development in liability and financialized operating earnings, net of reinsurance. This figure primarily includes AIG's 20% share of development on covered reserves that are part of the ADC, offset by the 62 million in quarterly amortization of our ADC gain at inception. The adverse development on the 80% of reserves ceded to Berkshire Hathaway was $273 million, and as reported below the operating line. The development associated with ADC and the deferred gain treatment are provided on Page 47 of our financial supplement. Prior year development for liability and financialized was due to adverse claim experience in U.S. primary and excess GL that related primarily to construction defects and multiyear construction project that cover all contractors on site, also known as REP business, along with other large individual clients. This was largely covered by the ADC. Based on the results of our detailed reserving reviews, we remain comfortable with our 2016 and 2017 loss picks in these lines. In addition, we also saw higher than expected losses in Property and Special Risks due to two large aviation losses and recorded $41 million of prior year development in PSR. Historically, we've had modestly favorable reserve development in these classes, which results in an unfavorable year-on-year comparison for Property and Special Risk. Our balance sheet and free cash flow remain strong. Current liquidity at quarter end was $7.8 billion. During the quarter, we received $1.7 billion of distributions from our insurance companies including tax-sharing payment. Current also received a total of $1.2 billion in proceeds related to legacy asset monetization and the sale of Arch shares. Total proceeds from the sale of Arch shares were $652 million of which roughly $400 million were received by the holding company. Our remaining 4% stake in Arch is held in preferred shares in our P&C subsidiaries that are subject to lockup until January 15, 2018. We continue to have commitment and discipline in executing our legacy strategy. Legacy capital release in the quarter was $800 million for a total of $7.9 billion since the beginning of 2016. Cumulative capital release and cash flow from legacy have exceeded our expectations. We continue to project strong free cash flow to the holding company from insurance subsidiaries and the legacy portfolio. We've returned $2.7 billion capital to shareholders in the quarter. While we have $2.5 billion remaining under our share repurchase authorization, as Brian said, we'll be more opportunistic in our buyback activity and are no longer targeting an annual level of repurchase. We've already returned roughly $20 billion in capital over the past 18 months inclusive of our Q3 dividends. Going forward, our priority is to allocate capital to support profitable growth. Our balance sheet strength as an asset will use to maximize return and value to shareholders. To sum up, we are pleased with the second consecutive solid quarter. Our strong balance sheet and free cash flow profile distinguish us from others in our industry and leave us extremely well positioned for the future. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Schimek: Thank you, Sid, and good morning everyone. During the second quarter, we continue to execute on our strategy to improve Commercial's profitability by achieving a healthier balance in our portfolio. We remain focused on disciplined risk selection, advancement of our pricing tools and improving our mix of business as we work to create long-term sustainable value for all of AIG's stakeholders. On Slide 8 Commercial's second quarter normalized ROE of 7.6% which includes the full capital benefit from the adverse development cover, represents an improvement from the first quarter and is in line with prior year quarter, after adjusting for the increase in loss picks reported in the second half of 2016. The adjusted accident year loss ratio of 66.1% reflects elevated non-cat property losses and higher loss picks in Liability and Financial Lines, which offset improvements in risk selection, mix of business and strong performance in special risks. We continue to take aggressive underwriting actions across the portfolios poor performing lines particularly with the U.S. casualty and global property. The chart at the bottom of the slide illustrates our focus on risk selection and improvement achieved in our mix of business over that course of last year. However, the pace of our progress is partially dependent on market conditions and as a result we do anticipate quarterly volatility as we execute our strategy. Turning to Slide 9, Liability and Financial Lines reported a solid second quarter normalized ROE of 11.3%, which reflects the full capital benefit of the ADC and strong performance in Financial Lines. The adjusted accident year loss ratio was essentially flat to the prior quarter after adjusting the second quarter of 2016 for the increase in loss picks recorded in the second half of the year. During the quarter, benefits from risk selection and business mix improvements were offset by more conservative loss picks and market conditions. In Financial Lines, we achieved meaningful growth in segments where were earnings our target rate of return and hold market leadership positions, that includes primarily public and private D&O where our claims capability that helped us to achieve above market rate increases as well as side D&O, M&A and cyber were AIG's technical expertise is a clear competitive advantage. We continue to see opportunities in Financial Lines and we're committed to innovating and growing with our clients. Moving on to casualty, we made progress on improving risk selection and enhancing this sophistication of our underwriting tools and achieving year-over-year above the average market rate increases of 3% during the past seven quarters. As Sid mentioned, this quarter we updated our reserve analysis on many of the most challenging classes within U.S. casualty. Premium rate increases our lagging lost cost trends and we've been prudent in setting our loss picks. Casualty is the long tail line most vulnerable to uncertainty within our portfolio and we recognize that we have more work to do. Turning to Side 10, the second quarter normalized ROE for Property and Special Risk was 1.2%, reflecting strong profitability in special risks that was mostly offset by an underwriting loss in property. Weve shared our property remediation plan with you in the past and we acknowledge that the business is not performing at an acceptable rate of return. The quarterly increase in Property and Special Risks adjusted accident year loss ratio is attributable to property's non-cat losses. With respect to special risk, the second quarter marked our best adjusted accident year loss ratio for the quarter for specialty lines in the last five years. The proportion of our business coming from special risks has grown 5% over the prior year quarter, highlighting a deliberate shift to areas where we see profitable opportunities. I'll make three key observations with respect to our property business. First, cat loss has performed better than our average annual loss expectation and better than the prior year for the first six months of 2017. Second, while severe losses were elevated compared to the past few quarters, they are in line with our expectations for the first half of the year. Third, we experienced higher property attritional losses in Northern Europe, as a result of elevated claim activity relating to the 2016 underwriting year. In 2017, we believe improved risk selection which is led to property's premium decline and significant enhancements to our tools will result in a stronger portfolio. Looking to our 2018, you can expect further remediation actions particularly in Europe as we approached the important January 1st renewal season. Shifting to some recent successes, I'd like to take a moment to recognize the significant progress we've made in advancing our model and capabilities. In Europe, we recently gained PRA approval of our Solvency II internal model, an affirmation that external parties are gaining confident in our tools. Our development of data, analytics, tools and modeling has been a multiyear process but our efforts are increasing in maturity and hoping to our business decisions. Turning to our product and service capabilities, we are focused on brining innovative solutions to our clients and brokers. We recently announced that we successfully piloted the first multinational smart contract-based insurance policy using block-chain in partnership with IBM and our client Standard Chartered Bank. This is just one example of a broader body work dedicated to learning and working alongside our business partners as part of the commitment to client service and innovation that spans across the commercial organization. In closing, the second quarter marked another step on our journey to improve Commercial underwriting profitability. Our strategy will remain focused on risk selection, underwriting discipline and improving the mix of business within the portfolio. We are extremely pleased to welcome to work alongside Peter Zaffino who brings with him an accomplished track record and a fresh perspective from the broker community. I have confidence in our strategy, our team and its ability to execute as we continue through the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, Rob, and good morning everyone. As you can see on Slide 12, Consumer produced strong results for the quarter. We earned nearly $1.3 billion in pre-tax operating income and expanded normalized ROE to 13.3%. There were a number of positive developments in the quarter which benefited our returns including an unusually low level of loss activity in the Personal Insurance business and strong tailwinds from equity markets, supporting fee income in our individual and Group Retirement businesses. The strength of the equity markets helped to partially mitigate the challenges and impact of the low rate environment on our results. Lastly, we had a onetime benefit from legal developments and group retirements and a positive adjustment to that in our life business. During the quarter, we continue to take further actions to enhance returns, strengthen our platforms and pursue targeted growth opportunities. Turing to Individual Retirement on Slide 13, uncertainties surrounding the impact and implementation of the Department of Labor fiduciary Rule as well as potential delays and possible modifications to the rule have continued to significantly affect distributors, negatively impacting industry sales in particular annuity products. The impact from our distributors focus on implementing the DoL rule along with more invested competition in the fixed annuity space led to materially lower Individual Retirement sales and net flows from a year ago. In the phase of industry challenges, we continued our disciplined approach with respect to product pricing, product features and asset quality; and continue to benefit from our broad product portfolio and diversified distribution network. Net spreads remained strong but are not immune to low rate environment, while increases in policy fee income reflect tailwinds from robust equity markets. Turning to Group Retirement on Page 14, our investments in VALIC to transform the plan sponsor and participant experience continued to pay off. Deposits decreased slightly for the quarter, but are up year-to-date primarily due to increased new group acquisitions which remained at a very high level. Net flows declined for the quarter and year-to-date due to the timing of group surrenders. Also despite disciplined rate management, net investment spreads declined due to the run off of higher yielding assets and reinvestments in the low yield environment. Looking forward across Individual and Group Retirement absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, we continue to expect our net spreads will decline by approximately one to three basis points per quarter. Before moving onto Life, let me say a few words about the DoL Fiduciary Rule, we believe that we implemented the system changes and processes necessary to achieve compliance with the provisions of the rule that became effective on June 9th. We're also on track for full compliance on January 1st while closely following the DoL's ongoing review and assessment of the rule. We are in constant communication with our distribution partners through this complex transition to ensure that we can continue to meet their evolving needs. Let's now move to Life Insurance on Slide 15. Our Life Insurance business continues to make progress executing our plans to enhance ROE and return to growth. We've now transitioned the bulk of our new business processing to our modern administrative platform and have outsourced administration of our legacy portfolios, allowing us to focus on current new business and further improve operating efficiencies. In the U.S., premiums and deposits increased and we had strong growth in both term and universal Life Insurance sales. Also, overall mortality experience continued within pricing expectations. Turning to Slide 16, Personal Insurance produced very strong results this quarter. The significant increase in PTOI was driven by an unusually low level of loss activity including no severe losses and minimal catastrophe losses, strategic actions to reduce expenses and higher net investment income. Our Personal Insurance results reflect our focus in markets and customer segments where we have a competitive advantage and favorable growth prospects. We are executing on a number of unique partnership arrangements and expanding our multinational offerings. While this quarter represented unusually favorable experience, in Personal Insurance, we are moving our focus from margin expansion to growth of targeted margins. Finally in Japan, we continue to make progress in our transformation while producing strong operating results. We are successfully conducting business under FSA-approved pre-merger status and remain on track for the legal entity merger on January 1, 2018. During the quarter, we also completed the sale of AIG Fuji Life, allowing us to focus on our strong P&C position going forward. To close, I'm pleased with Consumer's results this quarter and the progress we are making across our business. Now, I would like to turn it back to Liz to open up for Q&A.
Liz Werner: Anthony, could we open up the lines for Q&A now?
Operator: Thank you. Today's question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. First, congrats to both Brian and Peter for your new positions. My first question is on reserve. You took another like $400 million gross charges like before the reinsurance recoverable. I'm wondering Brian because you start as actuary in AIG many years ago. What's your reserving philosophy? And do you see will it continue in the near-term to see some slow bleeding in terms of reserve charges or another sort of kitchen sink quarter in the fourth quarter?
Brian Duperreault: Hey, Kai, thanks for the congratulations to start with. And thanks for reminding me, I was an actuary in this company once. Look at reserves, you have to be realistic, you got to be conservative, you have to take fax on when they come in that change your opinion about it and you have to have a consistent approach to your process. So what I've seen is a process that I mentioned in my remarks is sound. I think the positions we're taking are reasonable. I think there is conservatism in there, in their approach. But that doesnt mean that you can have moments both up and down and in old years. But what I've seen in this quarter doesnt give me pause, doesnt increase my anxiety that anything. I think it's -- the process has been reasonable and there are some movements, but as I said earlier, I think the current years are put in a reasonable position even though the green I think they're reasonable, didnt have much activity there that's probably what I'll there. Thank you.
Kai Pan: My follow up is on -- I assume, if I may, on capital management. You said you will take a more balanced approach. You no longer give sort of any target for annual buybacks. I'm wondering what's the balance between buyback in your mind, between buybacks and the investments? How do you value the return on buyback buying to a low yield book value versus potential gross opportunities out there?
Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Kai. So with the buybacks, its a capital management tool, it's not a strategy it's not a growth strategy in particular. And so, if you set yourself as a company that grows and increases its profits overtime in a sustainable way and developing franchise value then you have to take that capital that you're getting every quarter and deploying it. So that means that a buyback process has to be blended in with deploying the capital in some way that gives you a long-term value. So thats what we do, I mean we got the capital as management in this company. We've been given that responsibility in charge, to do the best with it, to create long-term shareholders value. And as I said, my priority is to take this capital and find ways where we can increase its franchised value of this company. If we can't, obviously, we would return it. But that would be something I would prefer not to do, if I can find something better to use it with. Okay? Good, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse.
Ryan Tunis: I had a question and John had a follow-up, but I guess my question is just in terms of the improvement in P&C. How long should we expect this to take? I think you mentioned that some of the problematic lines are property, I would imagine that those are little bit faster to fix in some casualty lines? And where should we see the improvements? Should it be more on the expense ratio side or on the loss ratio side? Thanks.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, well. That's always a great question. I was like how is the piece of string? It takes some time in certain lines, takes longer some another and you pointed that out. They've been working on the casualty for some time -- look at probably works that's been here frankly. I mean it's not easy to do what they have done. And I like the fact that they have been intellectually honest with themselves about what's good and what's not good here. And thats terrific. I mean thats another hallmark of the great companies. So, this casualty business it takes time earn out, it takes time to yield its secrets, those things were lobbing. I think a lot of that work has been done, but as I said in my remarks, in those still some -- some of those positions that we have, they are still not reducing a good result. And this market is not going to led us, fix it through price terms and conditions, not going to led us. So that means in selection and that means reduction probably. So if you reduce, you are going to have that premium earn out overtime. So you just going to let that -- you just going to have to let that play out, have to watch us, continue deploy the disciplined that has been deployed. Property is usually a little easier to fix. I mean you can see the results quicker because it's really the last couple of years of activity thats going to be affective. There are some idiosyncrasies in the property book, it takes a little bit longer like this one, one renewal in Europe as an example, maybe we start some multi line businesses. So, yes, where do you see it, okay. If I reduce business, we stop rating premiums, the loss ratio will go down, the expense ratio is going to go up. Okay, net-net, you better off. So thats why I said dont quite -- dont force me to give you expense number and a loss ratio number because its a very complicated new ones process. If the property is going to be attacked, your loss ratios probably going to go up because property tends to have lower loss ratios, and I think thats occurred already in the portfolio management, the Rob has been doing. It's going to continue. So what we are trying to do is make underwriting profit and thats a combination of those two and they are going to be in balance. And thats really what you have to look for. Are we improving the underwriting profit of this company? And thats the real indicator. You got a follow-up?
John Nadel: Good morning, Brian. This is John Nadel. I think it probably comes as little surprise to most folks who known you for most of your carrier then you talk about an interest in inorganic growth on the Property Casualty side. But I was curious about your comments about some interest on the Life Insurance side. It seems to me in the environment where you can actually monetize pieces of the life portfolio at very high levels, giving some irrational exuberance maybe in long-term or long dated liabilities. I am curious as you think about how to bolster either strategically or directionally the life side of the portfolio. What areas geographically your product sets might be interested in?
Brian Duperreault: Well, I'm going to start this but I might ask Kevin to help me out here. But I think if you look at the life business we have, it is localized, it is substantial in the U.S. But in the U.S., it's quite balanced. We have got nice balance in what we described as life. So, my philosophy is always the balance is a wonderful thing because you can shift from one to other as markets present themselves. So if I am buying an IM, after more balance I think the life business recently expanded outside the US, but it should have those same characteristics as we do, as we do in the U.S. Kevin, do you want to add to that?
Kevin Hogan: Yes, sure, John first of all just as a reminder, we have a very unique position in the United States in the Individual Retirement space, we're a major player in all three of the relevant products, variable investment, fixed annuities and there's little uncertainty in the market right now, but there's going to be a new normal that emerges after the regulatory environment settles down and distributors understand how to respond and nobody's better positioned than we are to be able to serve the needs of that market. And the Group Retirement business is also a business that is extremely well positioned for us. We're in the top three position in the major segment of K-12 upper education and healthcare that our focus is there, so there's tremendous franchise value in these businesses and the spectrum of the entire retirement space that we participate in. And in our life business we worked in the last couple of years to dramatically evolve our distribution and our new business is faster than the quality that we expect and its growing quite robustly at this point. We have the opportunity to expand outside the United States and attractive markets according to where our skill sets are and where the opportunities are and you know a few years ago we made a small acquisition in the UK as an example that's actually doing very well. When we started with that business it was entirely an independent financial advisor space we just expanded to our first bank partnership with the Royal Bank of Scotland a program we just launched in the last couple of weeks and we see a lot of upside with that business which is a very attractive albeit relatively modest sized business, but there're plenty of other opportunities for us in various places around the world. We don't provide direction in terms of specifics, but we're certainly in a position to evaluate entry into markets which are attractive which have appropriate legal and structural foundations and which are growth opportunities for us in the medium and long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning, I had a couple of questions broadly related to things that have already been addressed, but just a little bit more detail. First, on just for Brian, on your comfort with loss ticks and reserves, I'm just little surprised just wondering whether you're basing your views on detailed analysis of reserves or just a preliminary look because for the past several years management's been assuring investors that the Company's becoming more conservative at risk selection, more conservative in setting loss ticks, but we've seen continued adverse development even on recently sold business. And then secondly on M&A, are there any specific, you mentioned what you're interested in -- are there any specific financial targets besides just being a good strategic set that the deals would have to meet for you to be -- for you to execute on them?
Brian Duperreault: Okay, well, let's. Yes, the reserves I can understand your questions around reserves. You know look I'm not the actuary here, so I'm not going to go through the details that the actuaries would do with the finance departments would do. But I am knowledgeable about the business and the process, and so I just spend a lot of time with them understanding how they do it? What they do? What their assumptions are? What the discipline is around the process? How they get their data? And I think what they are doing is sound, and I cant really comment on what happened before I can only look at what we're doing now, and as I said I think it's reasonable and sound. As far as M&A is concerned, yes, I like accretion. Who does it? I mean I think things should be accretive. It should start with being strategic. I mean we -- we dont want to double down on things we already do. We want a balance what were doing with other things. I'm going to be primarily looking for strategic balance that gives us ways to deploy capital when things we do have issues. Accretion, its a wonderful things financially. You would like to see it, improve your profits short-term, but certainly better make it improve the profits long-term. But I also like accretion in terms of people, capabilities, spread. And so that accretion has to be more than just a number, can't just see the profit, better give us a whole lot more capabilities then we have now. Okay next question.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb: On the merger and acquisition front, could you give us some prospective on whether you're looking more for bolt-on size acquisitions or perhaps something larger or transformational?
Brian Duperreault: Look, Jay. If I can find something transformational, who wouldn't do that? Playing the odds the more likely scenario our things that are smaller than what might be described as transformational. Yes, I would mind doing both. But if youre playing the odds, you got a better chance of doing a series of acquisition then large one, we will see what happens.
Jay Gelb: Thats helpful, thank you. And then my follow-up on capital management is, I know you not giving targets or guidance. But in this scope of share buyback, should we think of a small fraction of annual earnings as something your mark for buyback and absence of being able to deploy another opportunities?
Brian Duperreault: Jay, if I say I'm not going to give you guidance there I'm not going to give you guidance. So let's leave it at that, but thanks for the question. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher from Evercore ISI.
Tom Gallagher: Brian, I know it's early in your tenure there, but just as you evaluating things. You look at results in the Commercial business. Why do you think AIG has underperformed peers by so much? Is it the right strategy just not enough reserve? Is it too much growth in property? Does something need to be changed with the execution or the strategy? Pretty broad question, but just curious what you're evaluation is there?
Brian Duperreault: Thanks Tom. I guess I could give you a very detailed expensive discussion about all the parts that could cause this, but I think in its simplest form if you're going to outperform the market, you need some maneuverability in that. And I think we got to be a very, very large player particularly in the large Commercial space, such that there really wasnt a lot of room to manure. And therefore, your ability to select goes down, your ability to get prices that you want to goes down. So what I'm seeing them doing is the intelligent thing, which is to cut back to those areas where they select with the same professionalism or that in did price with the same professionalism that naturally produces smaller book of business, but that book of business should be sound. And the other way of process surrounded should be sound going forward. And that drives the need to reapplying what Commercial is, so it's not just a largest of the large risk, but its a balance of full gambit of Commercial business particularly in the United States.
Tom Gallagher: Got you. And then just as a follow-up. You said the 16 billion of reserves that were reviewed this quarter related to some of the more challenging lines. Would it be fair to say that in response to evaluation or reserves from the time you joined through -- into the future that you feel like that was the hardest part, that you feel pretty good overall about the reserves as you think about balance sheet risk and aggregate? Or is it still more with the job with evaluation of reserves.
Brian Duperreault: I think we have to have a disciplined process around this. You don't save everything to the last quarter. So, they chose these, they chose I think wisely because they were some of the more challenging lines as I said. That doesnt mean that, there isn't a review of the entire portfolio just mean that there is a debt review in one quarter for certain segment, but you are looking at all because we have to set all the reserves. And so as we look at the rest of the portfolio, there wasnt anything that would have caused just not concerned to do and earlier in that review put it that way. But we will see what happens in the third quarter, but I think I would take that as some comfort.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome: I was wondering, if you could -- maybe just kind of review where you did end up at the end of the day relative to the old target of the capital return in such, throughout the trade. I realized thats not prospectively what you are focused on, but I think some general thoughts is to whether you not, you think this game was ultimately successful in region strategy is ultimately successful?
Brian Duperreault: Hey, Sid, why dont you take that one.
Sid Sankaran: Thank you, Brian. Paul, as I said in our remarks, we've retuned over $20 billion of capital in the past 18 months. It would be announcement of our dividend. So we have done that and the most important thing that we've alluded to here is we have an extremely strong balance sheet and are well positioned for the future. So, $7.8 million apparent liquidity and extremely good cash flow projection. So I think I can leave it that.
Paul Newsome: The follow up -- yes, I am thinking capital allocation respectively. Am I right to think that we should end up with more capital allocation towards the life businesses in general? And maybe you could talk a little bit about that?
Brian Duperreault: I think this is -- its a great question. I mean the Life business was going to be the area where we felt we had a strongest change of delivering superior returns and by the way thats doing pretty well. Then, the answer will be, yes. I think everybody is presenting me with ideas about where we could deploy it and the best story wins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: I think my first question is for Rob. I'm just trying to understand given the -- cutting it so much really, really bad business in Commercial while we didnt see improvement in the underlying accident loss ratio and financial liability.
Rob Schimek: What I want to emphasize within Liability and Financial Lines is that we've had a lot of effort to improve our risk selection of business mix and reduce the reserve volatility. And just remember, we've achieved an 11.3% ROE this quarter, and so first thing I would say is, if you just pause on that we believe that we've got a clear path to an ongoing double digit ROE which is sustainable, and that's really reflecting the quality of the mix of business that we've achieved. I think we had a great quarter with respect to Special Risks as I mentioned. So actually Q2, our return there was even better than Liability or Financial Lines. And so, it really brings you back to property and I think Brian talked a bit about that, I think what I would emphasize for you is there's really three elements to us for Property. We've done a very good job of managing our cat exposure both with improved modeling, risk selection and user reinsurance. Our sub-year losses as a percentage of the premiums that we're earning in Property and Special Risks have continued to come down, year-over-year. And that leaves us with improving the attritional loss ratio in the property book. And as Brian mentioned you know in particular, we've got our sight set on Northern Europe, but there's timing issues associated with when you can actually make those moves, so just to put it in context for you, 55% of our property book in continental Europe were used on January 1st. So the next bite of the apple is not until January 1st of 2018, and the two most challenged countries in Northern Europe are Denmark and Germany and 70% for their book renews on January 1st. So, there's just structural impediment to being able to move it faster, but if you ask about the confidence and the actions that we've taken. I'm completely confident that we've been taking the right actions to achieve the results.
Brian Duperreault: I might add that. You know look, it's a very competitive market so you know you can have a very nice piece of business portfolio today and then it's tax and price terms and conditions and you got to react to it. So you know it's a constant play. This is something kind of market where you can just go out and write a whole bunch of new business and declare success. So I think Rob is Rob, he is fighting with pressures of the market at the same time to continue to keep his Liability business in particular in a position to returning that, those good returns on equity. Do you have follow on?
Meyer Shields: Yes, just a quick one, Brian. You mentioned in your introductory comment and I think you're right that AIG is no longer should qualify for non-bank city status. Can you talk about what that would imply if that designation was removed?
Brian Duperreault: We'd imply we wouldn't have the fed as a regulator, we regulated again by the states. We're still regulated by the states. So, we would lose the fed as the group supervisor, simple as that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Thanks, welcome back Brian. First question is. How long do you think it takes to get the platform in Commercial Line space Brian to where you'd be comfortable in kind of growing organically profitably?
Brian Duperreault: By the way thanks, it's nice to be back, Brian. Well, in the Commercial -- the Commercial book is, it isnt just one thing right. So, you heard from Rob that the specialty business has been performing well and the financial or the financial and liabilities are performing well. So, those are areas that we look to expand in growth as the market and let's say our professionalism allows us to do that. In some of the cash business, I just dont see it, I really dont see it. And property is a mixed bag, property is a mixed bag because there is something that like in Europe that we should be doing, we will be doing those both to improve the book and business that we can go answer and that in a greater way. So its a broad front kind of business and again it's concentrated at the higher end. So the other thing is to get into down, down the risk chain as well and expended in that area.
Brian Meredith: And going down the risk chain that was my next question for you. Do you have the distribution relationship to kind go down that risk chain right now? And is this the platform there to go down? Or is your some build out still need?
Brian Duperreault: No, the answer is not really and that been an area that AIG has done well overtime, and so we dont have the classic distribution channels for the small business. Now, we have Seraina who is sitting here with us right now, developing a portfolio of business and the technology around it, which would go after that business but in a way where we would develop to technology the kind of distribution we would need. So thats at the lower end of that business. We have Rob at the higher end of the business. And we do play to some degree in that and that tends to be match our existing distributing channels where the business is on the larger end of the middle market or its the business that has the certain characteristic terms in this risk profile, where may be its not a large sales or large employee population company where they has certain characteristic that naturally fill our skills sets. So, Rob will be working in that area stronger. Seraina will be working in her area stronger. And we'll see what else out. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Just I guess may be one last try this capital management topic. Brian, should we expect an outright pause in buybacks in the near-term as you start to build up capital?
Brian Duperreault: Look, this is great. Thanks a lot. Okay, so I think I said it already look at the -- let's just do it in probability, right. The chances that we will be buying, at the levels that we've been buying, a very low, let's just put it that way. But that doesnt mean we wont necessary use that tool. What Sid said is, its a tool and you use the tool opportunistically. So if I see that it is the right thing to do, the opportunity is there for us, I will deploy the tool.
Jay Cohen: Okay understood. Second question, maybe for Rob and for you. On the Commercial side, it sounds as if the premium declines are now likely to continue and that makes sense. Will you have to take another step at expenses as well as just to descend to some extent the expense ratio?
Brian Duperreault: Let me answer that. I said it earlier like expense discipline is the way of life, I mean if you dont have -- if you are not running your company, it's one of your leverage, if you are not running your company with attention to your expense in this kind of market and this is usually the kind of market we are in. Then you are going to fail eventually. So, yes, expense will continue to be something we will look at all the time, all the time. But I want to emphasize that we will spend money too. And if we have a rising expense ratio with an improving bottom line, I'll be happy guy too. So I'm not -- I want to put it -- its a balanced situation where we will continue to reduce our cost, because our cost structure is high. But we are going to invest in areas that one will help us, we'll repeat when gives us a growth are. And if I had to choose between reducing the volume because it's not reducing the profit, but that would cause the expenses to go up, I am going to make that choice all day long. Thats it, everybody else up.
Liz Werner: Thank you, operator. We appreciate you joined our call this morning. We know you have a lot of calls, so with that I think we will close day and we will look forward to following up with you on any additional question.
Brian Duperreault: I just want to thank all the people in AIG for great work.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc. Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc. Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc. Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc. Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.
Analysts: Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Gary K. Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the AIG first quarter 2017 financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over Ms. Liz Werner. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Trish, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first quarter 10-Q to be filed later today and our 2016 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for today's presentation and our financial supplement, both of which are available on our website. The purpose of this morning's call is to speak to our quarterly results and our strategy. We appreciate and understand your interest in the status of our CEO succession process and reiterate that the board is highly focused on the search. Today's call, however, will not be addressing any questions related to that search process. The format for today's Q&A will be consistent with past calls, with one question and one follow-up. At this time I'd like to introduce our speakers, who are also joined by other members of management in the room. Peter Hancock, our CEO, will begin today's remarks, followed by Sid Sankaran, CFO; Rob Schimek, CEO of Commercial; and Kevin Hogan, CEO of Consumer. With that, I'll turn it over to Peter.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everyone. Today I will speak to our strong financial results and key accomplishments from the quarter, and our continued progress on the two-year strategy outlined in January 2016. The transformative actions we took over the last year were guided by our focus on building a sustainable business model and prioritizing intrinsic value by maintaining a disciplined balance between long-term growth, current profitability, and enterprise risk. This quarter shows that our actions are delivering results, and we see momentum across all our core businesses. Let me begin by first recognizing a few notable accomplishments in the quarter. Our Japan team completed significant preparation for our legal entity merger. And on April 1, we began operating our P&C business on a consolidated basis under an FSA-approved pre-merger structure. We also closed on the sales of Fuji Life and certain insurance operations we sold to Fairfax. Our investments team efficiently monetized $10 billion of general account assets to fund the premium associated with our ADC transaction with Berkshire Hathaway, and I'm pleased that we received the permitted practice to record the ADC agreement in 2016 for statutory reporting purposes. Our London team completed its thorough Brexit analysis, and we announced our strategy to position us for a seamless transition in serving the European market. In each instance, execution was exceptional. I'd also like to note that we achieved our two-year expense-reduction target of $1.4 billion three quarters ahead of schedule. While discipline around expense management remains a priority, we continue to invest in our infrastructure and our talent, with a focus on AIG's long-term future. AIG's talent base remains strong. Our employee retention rate is the same or better than it's been in the last four years, including for our top-performing employees and for those in key roles. We continue to attract top talent from other organizations, as we select from almost 800 applicants every day. We're also pleased that our client retention remains at its historical highs for major accounts. In the first quarter, our core adjusted return on equity was 10.2%. Even after normalizing our results for strong investment returns and lower-than-expected catastrophes, our core normalized return on equity was 8.7%. We're on track to reach our full-year 9.5% target. We remain committed to improving the profitability and intrinsic value of our core insurance businesses, which we now present in much greater detail in our modular reporting, reflecting our focus on transparency and accountability. We remain confident in our $25 billion capital return target, which implies an additional $7 billion in share repurchases and dividends for the remainder of the year. As a reminder, we stated last quarter that the engagement of our rating agencies and regulators is critical to the successful transformation of AIG, and we will continue to work closely with them to serve all our stakeholders. Importantly, we believe the sustainability of our future earnings has improved meaningfully as a result of our previously announced agreement with Berkshire and the continued execution of our strategy. Sid will provide more insight on the economics and accounting associated with the ADC agreement, which will provide benefits for many years to come through a lower risk of impairments to book value, higher earnings quality, and ultimately, a lower cost of capital. The first quarter highlighted progress towards our financial targets while maintaining focus on delivering value to our clients. Rob will speak to the important feedback we received from our Commercial clients at RIMS, and Kevin will provide an update on our diverse Consumer businesses that are a source of valuable earnings stability for AIG. I'm very proud of the work accomplished by our talented team of AIG colleagues. And with that, I'll now hand the call over to Sid Sankaran to discuss the financials.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning I'll comment on our first quarter financial results, the impact of our adverse development cover, and capital return. Turning to slide 4, we reported operating earning of $1.36 per share, driven by strong operating performance, favorable alternative investment return, and lower-than-expected CAT losses. The quarter included a previously disclosed $102 million charge for the Ogden discount rate, which was reported as prior-year adverse reserve development. This charge was partially offset by the $41 million amortization of our ADC net gain, and $35 million in favorable reserve development for our Property and Special Risks segment. Excluding Ogden and the amortization, there was no net reserve development of note in our long-tail Liability and Financial Lines. Strong alternative investment performance and favorable equity markets benefited our headline Commercial and Consumer result. Even taking into account these excess investment returns, prior-year development, and lower CATs, our normalized earnings were $1.15 per share. Slide 5 presents the changes in our core normalized ROE year over year, which improved 120 basis points on an apples-to-apples basis. This comparison reflects the impact of the increase in Commercial insurance loss pick in the second half of 2016 that would've resulted in a 100 basis point ROE reduction had they been pushed back to January 1 of last year. There was also a 50 basis point benefit in the year-ago quarter from a favorable tax audit settlement. Our continued active capital management and operating improvements drove over 250 basis points of core ROE improvement year over year. Partially offsetting this improvement was the earnings impact of a decline in the size of our alternative investments portfolio and the sale of UGC, which reduced ROE by 110 basis points. These actions reduced our overall risk exposure, contributing to a lower cost of capital. Going forward, we believe the continued benefits of our capital return, expense reductions, and improved underwriting provide a path towards achieving our 9.5% core ROE target. Slide 6 illustrates our continued discipline around operating expenses, which we have reduced 10% year over year in constant dollars and excluding divestitures. We also recorded an additional nonoperating pre-tax restructuring charge of $181 million in the quarter, which was primarily comprised of employee severance charges. While we have achieved our targeted $1.4 billion in expense reduction well ahead of schedule, we remain committed to further efficiency. Moving on to reserves, actual versus expected claim activity was favorable this quarter, and we are comfortable with current trend. In particular, we are encouraged by the quarter's better-than-expected claims trends for primary workers' comp and excess casualty. I'd also note that reserves covered by the ADC remain stable from year-end. On slide 7 we provided the accounting for the ADC in the quarter and in the future. The amortization of the previously disclosed $2.6 billion gain will be part of our operating earning and will amount to approximately $60 million of quarterly favorable development. In the event of additional prior-year development, either favorable or adverse, on the covered reserves, 20% will be reported in operated earnings and 80% is reported below the line as an adjustment to the deferred gain, which is consistent with the economics of the ADC. The ADC provides an approximately $5 billion reduction in Commercial's economic capital. After considering last quarter's after-tax reserve charge, we anticipate capital of approximately $2 billion will be freed up over time. Later in the call, you'll hear from Rob as to how the ADC affected the ROE at the Liability and Financial Lines segment. Our balance sheet and free cash flow remain very strong. And, as you can see on slide 8, current liquidity at quarter-end was $7.3 billion. During the quarter, we received $2.8 billion of distributions from our insurance company, which were largely related to $2.6 billion of tax payments from the life companies associated with the XXX/AXXX life reinsurance agreement entered into at the end of the year. In April, we also received approximately $390 million of dividends from our Life Insurance company that had been declared during the first quarter. In our legacy segment, we sold 460 life settlements contracts, representing approximately 14% of the remaining death benefit. These sales did not have a net impact on parent liquidity, as the proceeds were used to pay down the related intercompany loan. We ended the quarter with a carrying value on the remaining life settlements portfolio of $2.1 billion and a remaining loan balance of approximately $850 million following the completion of these sales. Cumulative capital release and cash flow from legacy have exceeded our expectation. We are well on track to release an additional $1.9 billion of legacy capital to reach our two-year $9 billion target. We continued to execute against our capital return target and returned $3.9 billion of capital to shareholders in the quarter. From quarter-end through May 3, we repurchased an additional $1.1 billion of common shares, leaving about $3.8 billion unused under our remaining authorization. Note, this figure includes yesterday's additional $2.5 billion authorization. Through May 3 we have returned $18.1 billion to shareholders, towards our $25 billion target. We will continue to return capital to shareholders prudently and with appropriate quarterly consultation with rating agencies and regulators. Looking to the full year, we expect dividends from our insurance subsidiaries to total $4.5 billion, inclusive of the dividends received thus far. We also expect tax sharing payments of approximately $3 billion, including the tax payments received during the first quarter. Tax payments are slightly below our original projections, reflecting a tax payment reconciliation to be made to the property casualty company related to the fourth quarter 2016 reserve strengthening. This shortfall has been offset by higher cash from dispositions and legacy. Capital ratios in our insurance subsidiaries continued to be strong. The year-end 2016 RBC ratio for the fleet of U.S. life companies was 509%. Following the completion of the life reinsurance transaction, the ratio of the parent company, AGC Life, is a good representation of the regulatory capitalization of its life subsidiary. The year-end 2016 RBC ratio for domestic P&C companies was 411% after giving effect to the permitted practice of recording ADC at year-end. Turning to slide 9, book value per share ex AOCI grew 2% during the quarter and was up 1% on an adjusted basis. We continue to expect improving core book value per share growth and greater book value stability given the ADC. But, as I've said before, we made trade-offs with respect to legacy in terms of recognizing immediate book value charges for future improvement in intrinsic value. To sum up, we continue to execute on our strategy and expect to reach our 2017 financial targets. The modular reporting provides our businesses with transparency, and our business leaders are focused on managing for value and sustainable earnings growth, as evidenced by the ROE improvement across our modules. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity position, improving core earnings, and free cash flow profile distinguish us from others in our industry and leave us extremely well-positioned for the future. Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Sid, and good morning, everyone. During the first quarter we continued to take significant actions to improve Commercial's underwriting performance. Today I will discuss our decisions to prioritize intrinsic value, our confidence in achieving our goals, and areas of focus for the remainder of the year. Turning to slide 11, Commercial's normalized ROE increased from 6% for the full-year 2016 to 6.3% for the first quarter of 2017, reflecting improving performance in many of our businesses, expense management, and better investment returns. The improvement was partially offset by discrete tax items in Liability and Financial Lines, which increased Commercial's first quarter effective tax rate to 36%, compared to the 31% effective tax rate that we still expect for the full year. Commercial's ROE improvement does not yet include the full $5.1 billion capital benefit derived from the adverse development cover, which closed during the quarter. We are confident that second quarter normalized ROE will continue to improve, reflecting the reversal of the tax item over the remainder of the year and the capital benefit of the ADC for the entire quarter. We've taken actions to reduce volatility in capital consumption in line with our emphasis on improving overall economic value for our stakeholders. Some examples of where we've prioritized value creation over improving the adjusted accident year loss ratio include the sale of Ascot, reduction of the attachment point for our property CAT program, and a more conservative loss pick for U.S. casualty. While value creation is our primary objective, we remain focused on delivering our adjusted accident year loss ratio target. During the quarter, Commercial's adjusted accident-year combined ratio of 95.8% improved 1.8 points after adjusting the first quarter of 2016 for the increase in loss picks recorded in the second half of last year. We reduced net premiums written by 14% excluding foreign exchange and divestitures. 4% of the decline was related to the increased use of reinsurance and property. The remaining 10% of the decline was driven by the growing momentum of our underwriting strategy, particularly in Continental Europe, where approximately 45% of the business renews on January 1. Having completed a full year of our underwriting strategy, we expect our rate of change in premiums to moderate for the remainder of the year. Moving to expenses, we delivered $283 million in savings over the prior-year quarter. The acquisition ratio benefited from the sale of Ascot, a high-commission business, and feed-in (18:38) commissions from reinsurers. Effective expense management has provided us with the confidence that our expense ratio will remain competitive, even as net premiums earned declined following our underwriting actions. While we've been disciplined in our spending, we have also prioritized the development of key infrastructure. Investment in our attractive and growing multinational business has delivered a comprehensive technology platform, improved client service levels in over 10,000 multinational programs, and the issuance of over 2,000 underlying policies at or prior to the inception date in 90 countries during this quarter alone. Turning to slide 12, we focused on mix of business to improve our underwriting results, having reduced U.S. casualty net premiums from a peak of approximately $15 billion in 2004 to approximately $3 billion at year-end 2016. More recently, we've focused on improving risk selection at the policy level using increasingly sophisticated pricing tools. Our sector and risk selection strategies, coupled with more conservative U.S. casualty loss picks, have laid the foundation for sustainable future earnings. Commercial's first quarter adjusted accident year loss ratio of 65.5% improved 1.2 points from the full-year 2016 and 2.2 points from the prior-year quarter after adjusting the first quarter of 2016 for the increase in loss picks. We continue to be focused on our 4.7 point adjusted accident year loss ratio improvement target on a fourth quarter 2017 exit run rate basis and expect approximately 3 of those points to be driven by business mix changes that have already been executed. On slide 13, we've presented the dispersion chart that we established to provide a view of improvements in business mix over the course of our two-year strategy. I'll make three observations for you. First, the quality of our premiums written has continued to improve, which we saw for the full year in 2016 and now in the first quarter of 2017. Today, Grow and Maintain business represents 62% of the Commercial portfolio, with an adjusted accident year loss ratio of 55%. Second, the premiums we earned in 2016 were heavily influenced by the business we wrote in 2015, which preceded the inception of our two-year plan. For those lines where we actively reduced our 2016 volumes, such as U.S. casualty, 2015 premiums had an even more disproportionate effect on earnings. Third, over time, our higher quality 2016 and 2017 business will earn into our results, which we're confident will yield an improved adjusted accident year loss ratio. Shifting to the bottom of the slide, in addition to improving the quality of the business we're writing, we've also reduced the CAT risk within the portfolio. Our average annual loss expectation for CAT declined by $200 million between 2015 and 2017, and we expect capital consumed related to CAT risk to decline by $600 million in 2017. That improvement is part of an ongoing effort to focus, not just on the adjusted accident year loss ratio, which excludes CAT, but on the overall economic result for AIG. Notwithstanding the significant amount of change that we've implemented, we continue to be regarded as a leading underwriter and business partner for our clients. During the recent RIMS conference, we were recognized by our clients as the number one carrier in 12 out of 20 product lines in the 2017 National Underwriter Risk Manager Choice Awards, a strong recognition of our commitment to the market, partnership with our clients, and the underwriting talent of this organization. Turning to slide 14, the Liability and Financial Lines normalized ROE of 7.7% includes 100 basis points of adverse impact from the discrete tax items that are expected to reverse over the remainder of the year, and does not yet include the full $5.1 billion capital benefit of the ADC. We're confident that second quarter normalized ROE will improve as a result of the reversal of the tax item and the full benefit of the ADC, providing a clearer view of the profitable Financial Lines business and the significant contribution of investment income to long-tail lines. The adjusted accident year loss ratio of 72.5% improved 0.8 points versus the full-year 2016, and 2.4 points versus the prior-year quarter, after adjusting the first quarter of 2016 for the increase in loss pick. As just mentioned, quarterly claims trends were favorable in contrast to last year's adverse trends, particularly in primary workers' compensation and excess casualty. We experienced growth in profitable Financial Lines segments, including cyber, offset by targeted risk selection in U.S. casualty. We continued practicing pricing discipline in U.S. casualty, with the first quarter representing the sixth consecutive quarter of rate increases in excess of 3 points. Financial Lines rates were relatively flat in both the U.S. and globally. Moving to slide 15, during our fourth quarter call, we outlined the actions to address the profitability challenges in Property and Special Risks. The first quarter normalized ROE of 3.5% continues to be below our target, but shows a meaningful improvement in performance that we expect will continue. First quarter CAT losses were better than our average annual loss expectation and prior year, reflecting our efforts to de-emphasize our U.S. excess and surplus lines business, as we've shifted toward less CAT prone international property and more highly engineered large-limit and middle-market risks First quarter severe losses were at the lowest level in the past 15 quarters, reflecting the proactive decisions we've made to expand reinsurance, investments in engineering, and underwriting actions to address accounts with disproportionate amount of risk. We are pleased that the severe loss ratio declined from 5.7 points in the prior-year quarter to 2.5 points this quarter. While we do not expect severe loss activity to be consistent on a quarterly basis, we do believe loss experience will improve versus trends in recent years as a result of our efforts to mitigate volatility. Turning to top line, Property and Special Risks net premium written declined 20% excluding foreign exchange and divestitures. Property reinsurance and underwriting discipline were the two primary drivers of the change, accounting for 9% and 11% of the decline, respectively. While U.S. property rate declines of approximately 2% moderated somewhat during the quarter, competition continued to be driven by the excess and surplus lines business. Our business mix strategy remains heavily focused on growth in our engineered large-limit and middle-market segments, and in our profitable specialty businesses, such as credit lines. In closing, I'm pleased with the progress we've demonstrated improving the mix and underlying performance of the Commercial business during the first quarter. Our team is executing well, and I'm confident that we've taken significant actions that will continue to be reflected in our results over the remainder of the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on slide 17, Consumer produced strong results for the quarter. We earned over $1 billion in pre-tax operating income, and expanded normalized ROE to 10.9%. We continued to take actions in each of our modules and key geographic areas to create value. In Individual Retirement, we faced a challenging sales environment due to DOL uncertainty and aggressive competition in certain product lines. We maintained our discipline and focused on value over volume. We are not dependent on any one product type, due to our top-tier market position across annuity lines. For our Group Retirement business, VALIC, our investments to transform the plan sponsor and participant experience continued to pay off. We significantly improved our results in winning new group plans, increasing our premiums and deposits. Our Life Insurance business continued to make progress executing our plan to enhance ROE. During 2016, we completed the introduction of a new administrative platform and digital capabilities, revamped our product suite, and substantially exited our U.S. life career distribution channel, service agent channel, and subscale group benefits business. Despite these exits and lower general operating expenses, we increased our quarter-over-quarter life sales. In our Personal Insurance business, our results reflect sustained execution of strategic and portfolio actions to enhance returns and reduce total expenses. As we've narrowed our focus, we've increased our investments in markets and customer segments where we have a competitive advantage and favorable future prospects. We further expanded our portfolio of unique partnership arrangements, and have continued to leverage Commercial's multinational platform and AIG's broad client relationships. For example, during the quarter we were selected by leading ride-share provider who was an existing Commercial client to provide coverage for their fleet in a major Asian country, over 11,000 vehicles and growing. In addition, we secured the global travel insurance and assistance program for one of the world's largest airlines, affirmation of our growing position as a market leader in this sector. We also continued to make progress transforming our business in Japan while producing strong operating results. We introduced pre-merger operations status on April 3, and we are preparing for the legal entity merger, which continues on track for January 1, 2018. On April 30, we also completed the sale of AIG Fuji Life modestly ahead of schedule, allowing us to focus on our strong P&C position. Now I will briefly discuss the results for the quarter. Before covering the individual businesses, I would note that pre-tax operating income for each of the Consumer modules benefited from higher income from alternative investments. Turning to Individual Retirement on slide 18, we saw lower sales and net flows from a year ago. In the face of industry sales challenges, we continued our disciplined approach with respect to product pricing, product features, and asset quality. Our policy fee income and spreads remain solid. Turning to Group Retirement on page 19, deposits increased in the quarter but were offset by higher surrenders that resulted in overall declining net flows, including one March surrender related to healthcare consolidation. Despite disciplined rate management, base net investment spread declined year over year, primarily due to lower one-time prepayments on commercial mortgage loans. Looking forward, absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, we expect our net spreads across retirement will decline by approximately 1 to 3 basis points per quarter. Let's now move to Life Insurance on slide 20. Premiums and deposits grew, and we increased sales in our U.S.  mortality experienced (30:21) was also well within pricing expectations. Turning to slide 21, Personal Insurance's results highlight the actions taken to reduce expenses and refocus direct marketing activities. We are also seeing the benefits from investments in Japan and other select markets. Relative to Japan, I would like to make two comments. First, ahead of our legal merger, the expense levels quarter to quarter will have some incremental variability. And, second, the profile of our book of business in Japan results in a relatively small equity base, which can lead to quarter-to-quarter volatility in ROE. We do not expect current ROE levels to continue. The increase in the Personal Insurance accident year loss ratio as adjusted includes a single severe loss this quarter versus no severe losses last year. We had slightly lower catastrophe losses this quarter, including in Japan, which notably had no catastrophe events, while the first quarter of 2016 reflected a favorable prior-year development. In Personal Insurance, we believe we have additional opportunities to improve underwriting results, although we do not expect progress to be linear quarter to quarter. To close, I'm pleased with the progress we are making against our strategic priorities across all of our modules, and we remain focused on continuing to execute on our plan. Now, I would like to turn it back to Liz to open up to Q&A.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Trish, we'd like to open the line now to Q&A. Again, just one question and one follow-up, but please feel free to get back in queue so we can get as many questions as possible.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. We'll now take our first question, which comes from Tom Gallagher of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead; your line is open.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. So first question I guess for Peter or Sid. Just considering you're reiterating your capital plan, can you give a little perspective on whether you think this is a point of negotiation or contention as it relates to ratings? In particular, A.M. Best. I assume by reiteration of the target that you don't think that's necessarily the big issue as it relates to maintaining that rating. Can you provide some perspective on that?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I think the first point I would make, Tom, is that we've been very clear with respect to ratings that protecting the rating of the subsidiaries is the most important objective in protecting value. And as we disclosed in my prepared remarks, both our capital levels and holding company liquidity remain extremely strong when you look at us and look across to competitors. So our main message is we're going to continue to be prudent and return capital in consultation with regulators and rating agencies. But given the current balance sheet strength, we remain optimistic on resolving those rating outcomes over the course of the quarter.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then just as a follow-up, there was pretty favorable earnings in other operations, despite losing UGC. And the same question on legacy or the same issue on legacy; earnings came in fairly favorable. Can you just comment on the drivers of the earnings strength in those segments?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. So let's take them separately. When you think of the Other line item, you've got to think about a few different things. First, institutional markets. Secondly, you're going to think about our liquidity portfolio and our debt that remains unallocated in parent. (34:42) Third, general operating expenses. And then, fourth, dispositions from the core portfolio. So when you look at Other, you're always going to have a little bit of volatility from some of the items in the fourth bucket, which is the dispositions that, in some cases, may be in stock or other form. And of course also in the Other line item you see I think a trend from first quarter last year to first quarter this year on the expense reduction line. Speaking of legacy, obviously there you have mark-to-market volatility that occurs every quarter. We had strong performance in fair value assets. We give you both the as-reported and normalized so that you can get a longer-term expectation on that one.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move to our next question, which comes from Larry Greenberg of Janney. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you. And good morning. I guess this is for Rob. Rob, when you think about your underlying loss ratio objective for the year, where you are today perhaps relative to the beginning of the year, it seems like the Property and Special line  specialty line  made a bit more progress in the first quarter, at least than I would've thought. And maybe the Liability line a little bit less progress. Can you just comment on where we are today individually for those lines relative to where you might've been thinking a few months ago?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Larry, with respect to Liability and Financial Lines, following our fourth quarter reserve strengthening, we strengthened our loss pick significantly for U.S. casualty. And so I think we're making a trade-off all the time. While I want to improve my adjusted accident year loss ratio and achieve my target, my number one priority is to make sure that we're creating a sustainable and long-term view of the right place to book our U.S. casualty reserves. And so ultimately we've increased the loss pick in U.S. casualty significantly above and beyond where we would've been in 2015 and even more for 2016. And so I think that's the primary message there. I will say we've made huge changes to mix of business there, and I continue to feel that we will continue to see the results out of Liability and Financial Lines that we expected. Ultimately, I think as a takeaway for you, you can expect that we've booked our U.S. casualty lost picks at a level approximately 15 points higher in 2017 than they were being booked in 2015, to give you an idea of the change that we've made. With respect to Property and Special Risks, remember that in the Special Risks side of the equation, we have made some changes with respect to our programs business, and have made the decision late last year to exit a number of those programs. Those exits happened across the latter part of last year, and they'll benefit us throughout the course of 2017. But those exits did not happen until late in the year in 2016 and early in 2017. On Property, we continue to think about all elements of our Property risk. We think about managing the attritional loss ratio, the severe loss ratio, and the level of property CAT that we're absorbing. And so I've tried to provide you on slide 13 a view of the improvements that we've made, not just in what we call our dispersion of our business across our portfolio, but also the improvements that we've made in our CAT losses, too. And I think a lot of times people forget that I'm making trade-offs every day. I give up premium that would have benefit my attritional loss ratio in order to reduce the level of catastrophe losses. And my overall objective here, if we're simply trying to maximize the intrinsic value of the organization without making adjusted accident year loss ratios a singular focus of the team. With that said, I think we're still on track for our targeted improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Great, thanks. And then just any more color you can provide on  you made some comments that primary comp and excess casualty loss trends were a little bit better. Any more color you could provide on that?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Well, as you would expect, we're very active in managing our view of reserves, looking at our actual versus expected. When you look at that in a lot of granularity, line of business by line of business, as much as possible, geography by geography. The challenge with it is we're really three months into the year, and so it's too early to make any assessment about what we think this means. But the main takeaway that I would give is that it gives us confidence that the level of reserves that we booked in 2016 appears to be resulting in a claims experience for 2017 that's absolutely within our expectations.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. So the only thing I'd add to Rob's comment is, as you know, when we concluded our DVR in the fourth quarter last year, we took strengthening in both those lines. And so from the data that's emerged both in this quarter and in the second half of the year, we feel they're coming in more favorable then, say, for excess casualty, a cautious view that we took in the fourth quarter on loss trends in very green (41:19) years. But as Rob said, we're reassured. We don't react to this. We monitor it very carefully. And we'll continue to provide you guys with transparency going forward each quarter.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move to our next question which comes from Meyer Shields of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Please go ahead, sir. Your line's open.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. A question for Rob, I guess. I'm looking at slide 13, and obviously I think the overall improvement is clear, but we are not seeing much improvement in set 2B and 3. And I was wondering if you could talk to that a little bit?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Meyer. The first thing I'd say is, we will never take the amount of premium, for example, in product set 3 down to zero. Just to give you an example, that's where a lot of our U.S. casualty business sits, and as you know, we've managed that mix of business down significantly, but we continue to be, and will continue to be, a strong provider of those types of products to our clients, when we think about a client relationship holistically. With that said, I think the real important part for you about what we'll do in product set 2B and 3, is really around individual risk selection here. So that's where the improving sophistication of our pricing tools enable us to make differentiated decisions about which risks we're keeping in products sets 2B and 3. My overall objective would be, I would love to improve the loss ratio there, even if I'm not making significant change in how much business is there. I kind of like my mix of business today pretty much, but I'd love to continue to see improvement in the loss ratio. But we prudently book those loss ratios in those product set 2B and 3 accounts so that we're not creating an adverse development for future periods.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And Sid, can you talk about the timeline for recognizing the capital relief from the ADC?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Meyer. We haven't provided any guidance. I would expect it  as a base case assumption, I would expect it to emerge over time, over a long period of time. And obviously, as circumstances evolve and our conversations get farther, we'll update you further.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move to our next question, which comes from Gary Ransom of Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Gary K. Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning. This question is for Rob. I appreciate all the actions you're taking to improve the loss ratio, but I don't look at the 62% target as the final destination. At a CAT load expense ratio, maybe it's high 90%s. And you can correct me if I'm wrong on that, but it seems like there's more to be done, and given the lags in the actions you took in 2016 to improve 2017, my question is this: What are you doing now that can help perpetuate the loss ratio improvement beyond 2017?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, Gary, the first thing I'd say is that we're investing heavily, and have been investing heavily, in improving the underwriting tools for the organization. So I mentioned in my prepared remarks the increasing sophistication of our underwriting tools, and I'm quite proud of the progress that we're making in that space. I agree with you that our adjusted accident year loss ratio target is not our end destination. But I will tell you that we are really trying to think about this in the context of overall intrinsic value, and so we're making the trade-off of attritional loss ratio, year loss ratio, CAT loss ratio, but also managing how much capital we consume. And so I think all of those elements are really important for us. I'll also mention to you that, under Peter's leadership, as you would expect, we've undertaken a lot of effort to continue to be focused on our strategy for what happens beyond 2017. And so in our 2018 through 2022 strategy, we have been working with an outside partner to help us continue to refine smarter, more effective, kind of more attractive ways to both serve our clients, but deliver a result that is a superior result for our stakeholders.
Gary K. Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Just a quick follow-up. Is there anything in the process so far that you've learned that has been more effective in generating improvement, or something that stands out as a bigger factor?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: You know, I would tell you that we absolutely have gained the confidence that we're able to make decisions on multi-line clients without jeopardizing the overall client relationship. We've found that our clients have been very loyal, that our brokers have provided us with excellent support, and that the relationship that we have is particularly effective. I will also say that one really important take-away for us is, we've been spending a lot of time on reinforcing the capabilities and the power of the link between underwriting claims and our actuarial function to make sure that we're getting the feedback loop to work as effectively as possible, as quickly as possible, that we're feeding those insights back into our underwriting actions, and hopefully making smarter decisions in the forefront, rather than having to deal with them later on, years later.
Gary K. Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Thank you, Rob. I appreciate the insights.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move to our next question, which comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. Rob, you gave some details about severe loss and how you're mitigating that over time, but I still think $40 million is probably exceptionally low. Back maybe four years ago, you gave a little guidance that $150 million per quarter was probably, possibly normal. Could you expand upon that right now? Where are we? I'm sure you have a budget when you think about severe losses in the quarter.
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Josh, as I said in my prepared remarks, our level of severe losses is not going to be consistent quarter over quarter, so I agree that there will be variability in that number.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Like catastrophe. (48:24)
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: We've taken material steps, however, to reduce that severe loss volatility, including the fact that we buy reinsurance that's expressly targeting this level of volatility. And understand that when we buy that reinsurance, we're giving up premium that is actually causing our attritional loss ratio to go higher, because we're trading off. We're testing against the volatility of severe losses and accepting a somewhat higher level of attritional losses. So you have to make sure you include that in your equation. But the severe loss volatility is being improved through our use of reinsurance. We absolutely expect the trend in severe losses to continue to improve from the levels that we'd experienced prior to 2016. Just to give you perspective, our four-quarter average in severe losses is now $84 million. And I think there's also another quick point to recognize, which is we define severe losses in a nonscientific way. We define them at a $10 million threshold, and so something could trip into severe losses or be in an attritional losses just by being a little bit higher or a little bit lower. So I don't want to overly draw a distinction to the difference between what we're doing in severe losses and attritional, but I really want to put an exclamation point on the observation that we're actively managing all levels of property risk, whether it's our attritional losses, our severe losses, the CAT losses, and ultimately our objective is to cover our cost of capital. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we expect to reduce our level of capital consumption in property by approximately $600 million in 2017, because we're also actively managing the level of catastrophe risk. And, again, we're paying premiums that would otherwise help our attritional loss ratio to improve that catastrophic loss result that we're getting.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well, if you do decide to give a budget number, it would be helpful. And my second question is a quick follow-up. I guess the $450 million of 2016 charges you took in the fourth quarter, $200 million of it related to 1Q 2016. Can you tell us how much 4Q 2016 prior-period losses related to 2Q 2016 and 3Q 2016?
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, Josh, I think we're going to get back to you on that, but I appreciate the question. I think we have actually pretty long queue right now, and I kind of want to get through as many as possible, but we will call you right back after the call.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our next question, which comes from Jay Gelb of Barclays. Please go ahead; your line is open.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Given the pending employment of a new CEO, I was hoping the executives on the call could give us a sense if there's any change in the way you're going about approaching your targets for this year and beyond?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Well, thanks for the question, Jay. As you can imagine, we don't comment on hypotheticals, and our team is focused on executing against our plan. I think what I can tell you is our management team and our board are aligned on the strategic objectives that we're outlining and executing on this quarter. If you just look at the progress and the metrics you see this quarter and through the call, $5 billion of capital return, exceeding our $1.4 billion expense reduction target three quarters early, module PTOI going up across the board, and a path towards our 9.5% core ROE target. So I would say collectively we're pleased, and we're looking forward to updating you further in the next quarter on this.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. And then on a separate issue for Rob, based on the new disclosures, it looks like Europe is a pretty significant profitability challenge. Any sense of when that  or if  it could improve?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Jay, as I mentioned, one thing about Europe is the January 1 renewal date is a particularly important renewal date in Europe. So obviously we made significant improvements there, but you won't see those in the first quarter; you'll see them throughout the rest of the year. The second point I'll make is that Europe is where we recorded the Ogden change in the discount rate, and so there was a $100 million, approximately, number coming out of the Ogden discount rate. I think those two items. And then I guess I'll also observe this is a big part of the way Peter has instilled our way of thinking about intrinsic value, is that we surely operate in a different interest rate environment in Europe than we do in the United States, in some places with negative interest rates. And so therefore our view on cost of capital in Europe is also somewhat different than our view of cost of capital in the U.S.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I appreciate that. And, Peter, just wanted to mention, we really appreciate all your hard work and wish you well in your future endeavors.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our next question, which comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning. First question (54:17) for Rob is you mentioned that 3 points of the loss prevention improvement have already been implemented in 2016. Why they haven't (54:24) shown up in the other 2.2 [point] improvement in the first quarter? And what additional work have you done to complete the 4.7 [points] by year-end, the point improvements?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Kai, remember that we've described our 4.7 point improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio as a exit run rate. That's because we acknowledge that we may have been able to take the action in 2016, for example, but the only thing we can't do is hurry up and earn those actions. And so therefore there are actions that we took at the end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017 for which, as the year goes on, the degree of improvement that's reflected in our earnings will continue to increase. So we continue to have confidence that the changes that we've made in particular in mix of business will drive the 3 points, as I described in my prepared remarks. With respect to the remaining 1.7 points of improvement, it's a variety of factors. It includes our underwriting actions that we do, we're using our improved underwriting risk selection tools for. It includes growth in some of the parts of the business where we're continuing to have excellent success, including for example our multinational businesses, our highly engineered property business, or our Financial Lines business. And it also includes the fact that there are simply underwriting actions that need to be taken across the portfolio, that as we go through the remainder of 2017 we'll have the opportunity to revisit anything that we were not able to get to in 2016, simply because of the timing of our announcement of our two-year plan.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. The follow-up is on the expense side. You already achieved your $1.4 billion run rate, and in the first quarter you took another $180 million service charge. Will that provide sort of additional upside to the expense that you've targeted? Or, from a different angle, do you need more expense savings to just offset the declining in the Commercial premiums to keep the expense ratio flat?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, Kai. It's Sid. Just two responses. Yes, of course, that restructuring charge, which is AIG-wide, will provide future offset in our run rate expense. And I think you can go back and look at our total restructuring charges and look at our run rate and see that we have a pretty good track record of getting the expense out. Secondly, with respect to Commercial, certainly a portion of that restructuring charge applies to Commercial. And, yes, we are focused on further efficiencies in Commercial to ensure that that expense ratio stays roughly flat while we've reduced the top line in alignment with our strategy.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Trish, we're going to take just one more question. There's a number of earnings calls today, and we want to be mindful of those other calls. So we'll take our last question, and hopefully quick follow-up so we can wrap up today's call.
Operator: (57:45) That's no problem. We will take our final question now, which comes from Jay Cohen of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Saving the best for last. Thank you. Just a math question probably for Sid. Sid, can you talk about maybe the timing of the buybacks in the first quarter? It just felt as if the average share count should've been lower if the buybacks had been done over the course of the quarter.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. Jay, I appreciate the question. We obviously don't comment on the details of our share repurchase program or timing. But I think I would always encourage you  we obviously have a long track record of capital return  look at it over a long time period, many years. And I think you'll always see there's going to be volatility quarter to quarter. But we won't comment beyond that.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Great. Thank you, everyone. We appreciate you joining this morning, and please reach out, and we will follow up with you to finish all these outstanding questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-15 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc. Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc. Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc. Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc. Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.
Analysts: Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's representation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first, second, and third Form 10-Q, and 2016's 10-K to be released under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations, and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in the slides for today's presentation and in our financial supplement, both of which are available in our website. The format for today's call will follow prior quarters. There'll be one question and one follow-up during our Q&A period. We will extend the Q&A period today, so that we can answer as many of your questions as possible. This morning, you'll get to hear from our leadership team, and in particular, will lead with our CEO, Peter Hancock; Sid Sankaran, our CFO; Rob Schimek, CEO of Commercial; and Kevin Hogan, CEO of Consumer. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will review our 2016 accomplishments and provide an updated outlook for 2017. But first, I'll speak to our recent announcement of an adverse development cover with Berkshire Hathaway and our Q4 reserve strengthening. Let me begin by providing some historical perspective on the adverse development cover. We've evaluated ADCs from time to time and followed our 2015 reserve addition. We felt it was a strategic imperative to radically reduce reserve risk and improve earnings sustainability. At that time, Doug, Rob and Sid were new to their roles, and I'd asked them to carefully evaluate our business in force, new business underwriting and sources of alternative capital. As we've stated, reinsurance is a key component of our strategy, and one outcome of their work was the agreement with Berkshire, which reinsures the vast majority of our U.S. Casualty reserves, and more importantly, exposures going back more than 40 years. While adverse development covers are not new to the industry, an agreement of this scope and scale is redefining. Berkshire is a knowledgeable partner with investment expertise and balance sheet strength, which are well-matched with AIG's claims capabilities. The economics and the reduction in risk associated with this agreement will provide benefits for many years to come and pivot us towards the future AIG, with lower risk of impairments to book value, higher-quality earnings, and ultimately, a lower cost of capital. In the fourth quarter, we also announced a $5.6 billion prior-year reserve addition, as we reacted to emerging severity trends across lines and accident years. We chose to make more prudent reserve assumptions, which Sid will speak to. The trends we witnessed and reacted to this quarter were broad, and we believe are materially impacting the overall U.S. Casualty market, which we see generally as rate inadequate. With new information we gain insights. And for our Excess business, claims emergence can take several years to become apparent. In this case, what we have learned recently confirms our existing strategy to adjust volumes, limit and increase rate in our U.S. Casualty book, while maintaining our focus on our most-valued clients, many of whom have been with us for decades. We're confident that our actions will improve our underwriting consistency and profitability. And Rob will comment further on this in his remarks. Looking back on 2016, as shown on slide 4, there were significant accomplishments to improve profitability, return capital to shareholders and further sculpt the company. We surpassed our expense reduction target and decreased 2016 expenses by over $1 billion or 10%. These cost reductions were based on a number of disciplined actions to provide sustainable operating efficiencies. Capital return remains a commitment to this management team, and 2016 was no exception to our long track record. We returned over $13 billion in capital, again, exceeding our original target. We maintain our commitment to the $25 billion capital return target and are focused on doing so in a manner that ensures the continued confidence of our clients in our claims-paying ability. We recognize the great efforts and engagement of our rating agencies and regulators, who have been so critical for the successful transformation of AIG. And we'll continue to work closely with them to serve all our stakeholders. Our capital flexibility has been driven by our divestitures, and legacy asset sales, and the strength of our diverse insurance subsidiaries. Divesting businesses that are not part of our core insurance operations and selling legacy assets is consistent with our strategy to increase focus. Over the course of the year, we completed or announced 10 transactions that are expected to result in over $10 billion of liquidity. Most importantly, I'd like to highlight the 2016 accomplishments of our Consumer and Commercial businesses. Consumer profitability grew, and pre-tax operating earnings increased over 30% to over $3.8 billion. Profitability was driven by stable Individual and Group Retirement earnings and strong growth in Personal Insurance. The Personal Insurance geographic strategy and underwriting margin expansion should continue to benefit future earnings, which Kevin will expand upon. In our Commercial businesses, you've heard from Rob this year that we've increased our focus on our most profitable product lines and clients. At the same time, we've maintained our leadership position in Financial Lines and expanded our multinational capabilities. As you consider our future progress, we would refer you to our new business modules, which are an important lens through which to view our future business strategies. Our modules provide greater transparency into how we measure our business, assign greater control and accountability to our managers, and improve efficiency and profitability. We recognize that we had provided a significant amount of information this quarter, and we will be providing greater insight into our module strategies in the near future. The trends in our module ROEs as they stabilize will become a key measure for our businesses' performance internally and externally. Turning to slide 5, our actions this quarter increased the visibility in reaching our 2017 goals of a 9.5% core insurance normalized ROE. While we have lowered our normalized ROE target by 50 basis points due to lost investment income, I believe this reduction has exceeded by the decline in our cost of capital, resulting from the ADC, legacy dispositions, a reduction in U.S. housing market exposure through our UGC sale, reduced cap volatility, and lower fixed costs. Beyond 2017, we would expect to see further ROE improvements. We expect to reach or exceed our expectations for expense reduction and capital return, subject to regulatory and rating agency considerations. You will continue to see improvements in our core businesses and further investments in people and technology. We believe the actions we took this quarter and the continuing steps to execute our strategy, best position AIG for more stable and profitable long-term results. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Sid.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll provide further details on our adverse development cover, the fourth quarter reserve strengthening, our quarterly financial results, and our outlook for 2017. As we discussed with you at our Investor Day, our objective has been to be vigilant about managing reserve risk. As Peter mentioned, in Q2 of 2016, we initiated a process to evaluate an adverse development cover, utilizing a third-party reinsurance broker and evaluating multiple markets and structures. Slide 6 illustrates how we have transformed our reserve risk profile as a result of the ADC. Under the agreement, AIG will pay the first $25 billion of liabilities, and then split the next $25 billion of payments 80/20 up to a $50 billion limit. At the end of 2016, we held $16 billion of nominal reserves above the $25 billion attachment point, including the 4Q reserve addition. 80% of these reserves, or $12.8 billion, are ceded. The difference between the $12.8 billion of ceded reserves and the consideration paid, including interest, will result in an estimated $2.6 billion pre-tax deferred gain before discount in Q1 2017. This gain will be amortized over the estimated reinsurance recovery period. In terms of our GAAP results, we are required to recognize 100% of any future favorable or adverse reserve development on the covered liabilities in our GAAP net income. The deferred gain on the ADC will be then adjusted for 80% of the impact, as well as the amortization of this gain. Only 20% of any future potential reserve development will impact our operating income. Turning to page 7, you'll see that the agreement covers U.S. Casualty and Financial Lines, which accounts for 80% of the adverse development we have realized over the past two years. Excluded from the cover is our international Commercial business, certain retrospectively rated loss-sensitive policies, short-tail commercial lines, personal lines and legacy reserves, which contributed approximately $700 million to the fourth-quarter reserve addition. We expect this transaction will dramatically reduce operating earnings volatility and improve ROE in the long term. As you know, we also review our reserves over the course of the fourth quarter. On page 8, the fourth quarter actions we took were based on emerging trends and new claims data, supporting a more cautious view in our assumptions. The adverse reserve development on covered reserves was $4.9 billion, the vast majority of which is U.S. Casualty. Of this amount, $2.5 billion was related to incurred loss development methodology and tail factor strengthening for the line subject to the ADC. The bottom chart illustrates the accident years impacted by the reserve strengthening. While we did see some large claims activity in Financial Lines, our performance in this business well exceeds our hurdle rates even after factoring in this development. So, I'll focus my comments on the U.S. Casualty business. Turning to slide 9, there were three things we learned during the course of our reviews. First, in general, for U.S. Casualty, we saw an increase in frequency and severity of claims, which became more material in the third quarter and accelerated in the fourth quarter that caused us to increase our trend and loss development factors across those lines. Second, in Excess Casualty, we saw an increase in both paid and incurred claims for recent accident years, particularly 2015. And while recent accident years remain very green, we felt it prudent to strengthen reserves for this new claims data. Third, in certain lines, where we have taken dramatic actions to reduce writings, such as commercial auto and health care, loss cost continued to worsen, and we decided to book reserves hire in the range of estimated losses. In summary, we believe in light of the reserve data. We've appropriately revised our assumptions to weigh more recent trend in setting a best-estimate reserve. Another important point is the setting of our loss picks in light of the recent trends. For the year, we added approximately $700 million to the 2016 accident year and included an additional $500 million in our outlook for the 2017 accident year, almost entirely in U.S. Casualty. We revised our methodology and philosophy to include a margin for the reasonable uncertainty around casualty loss trends, a shift from our historical approach. This refinement was further validated by Berkshire Hathaway's pricing of the ADC. Rob will speak to the underwriting actions the Commercial team has implemented in his remarks. The ADC transaction, reserve strengthening, adjustments to loss picks and underwriting actions are important steps to position AIG for future profitability and improve earnings quality. Going forward, you can expect our future earnings to better reflect the profitability of new business underwritten. Moving on to the quarter, we reported an operating loss per share of $2.72, which was largely driven by the prior-year adverse development charge of $3.56 per share. As you will hear later today, Consumer had a strong fourth quarter and delivered nearly $1 billion in pre-tax profits. Commercial results included not only the reserve development but my previously referenced increase in our 2016 loss picks. We also recorded $233 million in catastrophe losses from Hurricane Matthew, which was in line with our expectations. Turning to page 11, you can see our progress versus 2016 targets. While we exceeded our expense reduction targets for the year and our planned pace on capital return, the reserve strengthening charge and increased loss picks set us back against our accident year loss ratio, book value growth, and ROE targets. As we look forward, we have a higher degree of confidence in achieving sustainable improvement in each of these metrics and expect less volatility going forward. Turning to slide 12, as Peter stated, we reduced operating expenses by over $1 billion or 10% for the year. Including our actions taken to-date, our annual run rate savings total $1.3 billion, thus we've effectively reached our two-year targeted expense reduction a year ahead of plan. And we expect further reductions that will improve our ROE going forward. Our balance sheet and free cash flow remains very strong. And as you can see on slide 13, parent liquidity at quarter end was $8.4 billion. We are ahead of plan and our projections continue to support our target to return $25 billion of capital to shareholders. We will continue to return capital to shareholders prudently and with appropriate quarterly consultation with rating agencies and regulators. During the quarter, we continued to execute against our capital return target and returned $3.3 billion of capital to shareholders, the year-to-date total to $13.1 billion. Since quarter end and through February 14th, we repurchased an additional $1.2 billion of common shares, leaving about $1.2 billion unused under the remaining authorization prior to yesterday's additional $3.5 billion authorization. Notable items in the quarter include the $2.2 billion of cash proceeds received on closing the UGC sale, as well as a pre-closing dividend of $250 million received from UGC. We also received $1.1 billion of newly issued Arch convertible non-voting common equivalent preferred shares. Importantly, we completed the second of our planned life reinsurance transactions associated with XXX/AXXX in the fourth quarter. This is expected to result in additional parent liquidity, principally in the fourth form of tax sharing payments of $2.3 billion expected in 2017. With respect to the plan to reduce hedge funds by about half by the end of 2017, our hedge fund reductions totaled $3.2 billion in 2016. This has freed up capital of approximately $1.1 billion in 2016 and an additional $500 million in 2017, which resulted in additional dividend payments to the holding company. Finally, we expect the ADC transaction will receive approval from regulators to be recognized at our year-end 2016 statutory financials, providing favorable risk-based capital treatment. Turning to Legacy on slide 14, we are very pleased with the progress we made in shrinking Legacy this quarter and improving intrinsic value, while carefully managing the impact of book value. In particular, the fourth quarter included the sale of our Korea IFC real estate complex and a portion of our life settlements portfolio. Turning to slide 15, at year-end, we had tax attribute DTAs totaling approximately $14.8 billion, of which approximately one-quarter related to foreign tax credits and three-quarters related to net operating loss carry forwards. In addition, we had a net DTA for temporary differences in the amount of $5.9 billion. We are pleased with the progress we've made with respect to utilizing our foreign tax credits. Slide 16 shows the changes in book value year-over-year. The chart illustrates that book value growth, including dividend growth was 3% for the year. However, book value growth in core for the year was 7%, even after the impact of the reserve strengthening charge. We continue to expect strong book value growth and a more stable book value due to the ADC as we move forward. But as I have said before, we are making trade-offs with respect to legacy in terms of recognizing immediate book value charges for future ROE improvements. Slide 17 details our core normalized ROE for the year and our target for 2017. When you evaluate our new modules, you will see our view of return on economic capital. Some of our modules are meeting their cost of capital, while others have more work to do. And Rob and Kevin will comment on that further in their remarks. I also wanted to highlight that as part of our recast of modular results, we moved to a simpler method of normalizing our annual average loss expectation, also known as our AAL for tax. We'd historically incorporated a seasonality adjustment to estimate the quarterly allocations, but now, we're allocating the AAL evenly across the four quarters. All of the historical periods reflect this change. Note that with the actions we have announced this quarter, including the ADC, we would expect the future impact of normalizations to be moderated going forward. Moving to 2017, we show the impact of the quarter's actions on our ROE target. Our 2017 target for core normalized ROE of 9.5% is driven by the lost investment income associated with our adverse development cover. Considering the net impact of the adverse development cover and the fourth quarter reserve strengthening, we would expect to free up approximately $2 billion of capital over time, subject to rating agency and regulatory considerations. We have not reflected this benefit in our current projections for 2017, as we do not anticipate revising our PC dividend forecast upward at this point in time. We expect to achieve a 10% normalized ROE in the not-too-distant future as we deliver on underwriting improvements, capital return, and expense management. To sum up, I'm confident that our actions taken put us on a path to better quality earnings, growth in earnings as we move forward. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity position, and a free cash flow profile like no other in our industry leaves us very well-positioned for the future. Now, with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Sid, and good morning, everyone. Beginning on slide 19, the fourth quarter marked the culmination of a truly transformational year for Commercial, with the completion of an extraordinary amount of change as part of the strategy we outlined at the beginning of 2016. Today, I'll discuss three topics: the actions we've taken to significantly reduce future volatility, progress of our strategy to improve underwriting performance, and the outlook for Commercial's business modules. The adverse development cover is a comprehensive transaction that was one of several strategic reinsurance agreements we entered into over the past year. A key part of the agreement is that we retain full claims authority to honor our commitments with consistency of decision-making and service that our clients expect of AIG. As Sid mentioned, during 2016, we also increased current accident year loss estimates by approximately $700 million in response to the emerging trends reflected in our prior-year reserve strengthenings, bringing total loss picks for the 2016 accident year to a more conservative level that includes a margin of error, reflecting the long-tail nature of the U.S. Casualty business. Looking toward the future, we're confident that the steps we took in 2016 to prioritize value-creation and utilize more rigorous data and pricing tools will significantly enhance the quality of our portfolio. Turning to slide 20, the top line shows Commercial's adjusted accident year loss ratio, including the effect of prior-year development for each accident year. The bottom line shows the adjusted accident year loss ratio at the end of 2015 before reflecting the results of the 2016 reserve studies. You can see that our fourth quarter 2016 reserve strengthening positions us at a 2015 starting point that is 6.1 points higher than we reported this time last year. On that basis, we achieved 4.1 points of improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio in 2016 as a result of the changes in our mix of business and increasing improvements in our underwriting tools. We are targeting a 62% adjusted accident year loss ratio on a fourth quarter 2017 exit run rate basis, representing an 8.8 point improvement over the two-year period. Today, U.S. Casualty represents just 21% of the Commercial business, down from 40% of the portfolio in 2011. We drove the most significant amount of that change in 2016, reducing U.S. Casualty's net premiums written by 39% compared to the prior year, with a corresponding improvement in U.S. Casualty's adjusted accident year loss ratio of 5.5 points. As a result of our actions, Commercial's full year 2016 adjusted accident year loss ratio for all business, excluding U.S. Casualty, was strong at 60.2%. As Sid mentioned, we continue to experience significantly higher severity trends in commercial auto, medical malpractice and Excess Casualty in the United States. These businesses are parts of the lines we've been remediating and improving, and we've been shrinking our position in these underperforming areas for several years. While we acknowledge we have more work to do, we've managed the portfolio thoughtfully and with pace over the past year, while balancing the need for improved rate and our objective of preserving our valued client relationships. Moving to slide 21. We've illustrated the significant improvement in our mix of business, a key driver of the 4.1 point adjusted accident year loss ratio decline. We reduced to remediate and improve business by 34%, while also realizing a significant improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio in those sub-segments. 93% of the fourth quarter commercial reserve strengthening was attributable to products in the Remediate or Improve product lines, making us confident that our underwriters are armed with better tools and taking actions in the right parts of the portfolio. The attractive Grow and Maintain business increased from 50% of the portfolio in 2015 to 60% of the business at the end of 2016. And we continued to see strong performance in our focused growth segments and multinational business. We are pleased that full year retention of our major clients, which represent our largest multi-line relationships, remained relatively consistent with the prior year at 94%. The chart at the bottom of the page demonstrates the interconnected nature of our Commercial business. As the vast majority of our large clients purchase multiple products that vary in profitability, we've been carefully resculpting the portfolio to make holistic decisions that prioritize our most valuable client relationships. In 2017, we'll continue to focus on growing these profitable relationships that create intrinsic value for AIG. Turning to slide 22, Commercial's 2016 normalized ROE of 6% includes the increase in current accident year loss picks. We're targeting a more normalized ROE of 9% in 2017, reflecting lower capital due to the adverse development cover and improved business mix and underwriting results partly offset by lower net investment income. Commercial's full year adjusted accident year combined ratio of 95.8% was a 5 point improvement over 2015, which includes an increase of 3.9 points in the current accident year loss picks. The expense ratio declined 0.9 points, demonstrating that we continued to manage expenses despite a lower premium base. Turning to slide 23, notwithstanding the increase in current accident year loss picks, the 2016 normalized ROE for Liability and Financial Lines was 8.8%, reflecting profitability in Financial Lines and the positive contribution net investment income has on long-tail business. The Liabilities and Financial Lines full year adjusted accident year combined ratio of 99.7% increased 0.8 points over 2015, driven by a 5.7 point increase in current accident loss picks, partially offset by a 2.3 point improvement in the expense ratio. The expense ratio benefited from improvements in general operating expenses and higher ceding commissions from reinsurers. Fourth quarter net premiums written declined 22%, excluding FX, with approximately 9 points driven by reinsurance and the remainder by risk selection. In the U.S. Casualty rates are inadequate, and we've continued to stand firm in the competitive environment. Fourth quarter rates increased over 5.5 points, representing the fifth consecutive quarter, with rate increases in excess of three points. For the full year, we reduced Liabilities and Financial Lines net premiums written by $3.2 billion as part of our portfolio optimization efforts. The bar charts at the bottom left-hand side of the page clearly reflect our shift from U.S. Casualty toward the more valuable Financial Lines in International Casualty businesses. We continue to view Financial Lines in particular as highly attractive and remain focused on building upon our strength as a market leader. With that said, we've demonstrated a healthy discipline to balance our growth ambitions in certain poorer performing sub-segments of Financial Lines business, where the rates are challenged. Turning to slide 24, as we noted during our Investor Day in November, we faced profitability challenges in Property and Special Risks. The 2016 normalized ROE of negative 0.2% was the result of four primary drivers we discussed throughout the year: continued price erosion in parts of the property market, poorer-than-expected performance in programs, elevated attritional losses in Europe and the size of our average annual loss expectation for natural catastrophes. We've taken a number of actions that will lead to ROE improvements in 2017. First, we've been more rigorous in our risk selection beginning in the second quarter of 2016 and extending through the January 1 renewal season, which is particularly important in Europe. We'll continue to shift to highly engineered large limit and middle market risks, while we aggressively reduce exposures in commoditized excess and surplus lines, where we simply don't agree with market behavior. Second, we've substantially completed our remediation of our Programs business, which we discussed during last quarter's call. Third, we completed the sale of our stake in Ascot, a business that generated approximately $500 million in premiums, but earned a normalized ROE of zero in 2016 on an AIG economic capital basis. Finally, we've significantly reduced CAT risk. While 2016 was a relatively-active CAT year, our experience was still better than our average annual loss expectation. We've continued to aggressively manage our CAT exposures and expanded our CAT reinsurance program, effective January 1, 2017, to further reduce our average annual loss expectation. Turning to the top line, fourth quarter net premiums written declined 15% excluding FX, reflecting the improved risk selection and property rate declines of over five points, driven primarily by the U.S. excess and surplus lines business. We have the conviction to continue to opportunistically manage our property book as market conditions warrant. The final observation I'd like to make is that as you can see on the bottom-right side of the page, we've experienced a more-stabilized level of severe losses, with the severe losses improving from 8.9 points in 2015 to 5.4 points in 2016. We continue to expect reduced loss volatility as a result of our engineering capabilities, risk selection efforts, and reinsurance purchased during the second quarter 2016. While we acknowledge we have work to do, we expect meaningful ROE improvement as a result of our plan in 2017. In closing, our actions to reduce commercial volatility, increased use of data and tools and improvements in our business mix, will result in a stronger, more valuable portfolio. We're focused on execution, and I'm confident that we'll achieve our goals following a truly transformational 2016. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Consumer produced strong results for the quarter and for the year. For the year, we expanded normalized ROE by 190 basis points to 10.3%. We expect to maintain or exceed this level of normalized ROE in 2017. During 2016, we took actions in each of our modules and key geographic areas to create value. In addition, I am delighted to report that in Japan, the intensive preparation for our legal entity merger is progressing well. Early this week, we announced adoption of FSA-approved premerger status as of April 1 of this year and our target merger date of January 1, 2018. This is a major milestone in our transformation effort. Slide 26 summarizes our progress in 2016. In Individual Retirement, we were proactive in taking pricing and product feature actions to navigate the low interest rate environment. We focused on value over volume and were not dependent on any one product line. Due to our broad product portfolio and deep distribution relationships, we achieved top five sales rankings across annuity lines, fixed index and variable, a position we believe is unique in the industry. Individual retirements earnings for the year were strong with PTOI increasing by over 25%. For our Group Retirement business, VALIC, our investments to transform the plan sponsor and participant experience began to pay off. We significantly improved our results in winning new group plans and in retaining existing plans. Our net flows improved substantially, and we achieved the highest level of premiums and deposits since AIG's acquisition of VALIC. Our Life Insurance business continued to make progress, executing our plan to enhance ROE. During the year, we completed the introduction of our new state-of-the-art administrative platform and new digital capabilities, revamped our product suite, and substantially exited our U.S. life premier distribution and service agent channels and Group Benefits business. Despite these exits, we maintained our sales levels by focusing on independent distribution and our direct-to-consumer platform. We achieved a top five ranking in term life sales, the first time we have held this position since 2007 and now lead the industry and term life sales in the direct channel. Our growth and term life sales, strong underwriting discipline, and increased focus on products without long-duration interest rate guarantees created value in the lower interest rate environment. Additionally, working with Charlie Shamieh and the Legacy team, we closed two large reinsurance transactions during the year to address significant redundant reserves and are on track to meet our targets for the remaining transactions. Our greatest improvement for the year was in our Personal Insurance business. Our focused strategy, which includes our geographic footprint reduction, has resulted in significant expense savings and improved combined ratio, and an increase in PTOI of over $600 million. As we've reduced our footprint, we've increased our investments in markets and customer segments, where we have a competitive advantage and favorable future prospects. This includes our high net worth business, the Private Client Group in the U.S., where we've had healthy growth in new business for the last few years and have recently expanded our offerings overseas. We also made investments to deliver a digital experience to our customers in a number of our fastest-growing markets, including Korea, China for outbound travel business, and South Africa, where we have introduced innovative offerings in partnership with the Virgin Group. We believe that the actions we took in 2016 will position our Personal Insurance business for future growth in our select markets and customer segments. We also continued to make progress transforming our business in Japan, while producing solid operating results for the year. Japan's overall underwriting results were strong, and its normalized ROE for the year, based on our internal capital lens, was 10.8%. We continue to take actions during the year to streamline processes, focus marketing, increase productivity and reduce head count and expenses. As I mentioned earlier, we secured crucial regulatory approval of a targeted merger date of January 1, 2018. We also announced in November that we had entered into an agreement to sell Fuji Life, allowing us to focus on our strong P&C position. We have taken actions across our balanced portfolio of consumer businesses to create value and position us as industry leaders in our target markets. Now, I will briefly discuss the results of the quarter. Turning to Individual Retirement on slide 27. In the quarter we saw lower sales and net flows from a year ago. This reflected the ongoing industry-wide slowdown in variable annuity sales from the uncertainty caused by the DOL fiduciary rule and lower fixed annuity sales due to the sustained low interest rate environment. In the face of these challenges, we continued our disciplined approach with respect to product pricing, product features and asset quality. We maintained our base net investment spread for fixed annuities, as well as for variable and indexed annuities. Turning to group retirement on page 28. Deposits increased in the quarter were offset by higher surrenders that resulted in overall declining net flows. Despite disciplined rate management, base net investment spread for Group Retirement declined primarily due to low reinvestment rates. Further, as we mentioned on the third quarter call, we did expect to see higher planned conversions in the fourth quarter, including large case group surrenders as is standard for the defined contribution market at year-end. Before moving to our Life Insurance business, I'll speak briefly as to recent developments with respect to the DOL fiduciary rule. On February 3, President Trump issued a memo requiring the DOL to review the rule and determine whether it will adversely impact the ability of retirement savers to access information and financial advice. Accordingly, the DOL announced that it would consider legal options for postponing the applicability date of the rule, while it considers the issues raised in the memo. We are closely following further developments. For our Individual Retirement business, we remain actively engaged with our distribution partners to ensure that we will continue to meet their needs as they respond to the evolving status of implementation. Let's now move to Life Insurance on slide 29. Premiums and deposits grew, primarily driven by our international business. In our U.S. business, overall sales remained largely in line with the prior-year period despite our narrow distribution focus. Life insurance PTOI was negatively impacted in the quarter by reserve increases in our individual group and international business lines, totaling approximately $45 million, over half of which was driven by administration system conversions in the U.S. Turning to slide 30. Personal Insurance reported another strong quarter of operating performance. The operating improvement reflected our strategic actions to reduce expenses and focus marketing activities, as well as continued operating benefits from investments in Japan and other select markets. Results reflect a favorable prior-year loss reserve development and lower-than-expected attritional losses in key markets partially offset by higher catastrophe losses. We believe we have additional opportunities to improve underwriting results, although we do not expect progress to be linear quarter to quarter. To close, I'm pleased with the progress we are making against our strategic priorities across all of our modules, and we remain focused on continuing to execute on our plan. Now, I would like to turn it back to Liz to open up for Q&A.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you. Operator, we'd like to open it up to Q&A. And as a brief reminder, we will extend beyond the hour to get to the questions. But please ask one question and one follow-up, and don't hesitate to get back in the queue, so we can handle as many of your questions as possible.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Ryan Tunis with JPMorgan (sic) [Credit Suisse].
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Tunis of Credit Suisse. I had one question, and John Nadel had a follow-up. But I guess just trying to understand why the 60% is untenable in 2017, if 93% of the charges on premium that you already plan to improve or remediate, why is it that we can't just push a little bit harder on that premium in 2017 and get to the 60%, if that was always an important part of getting there? Thanks.
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Hey, Ryan. It's Rob Schimek. So, I'll point a couple of things. First of all, I want to point you to page 20 and just remind you that the 66.7% that you're seeing on that page includes 3.9 points of higher accident year loss ratio that we've booked particularly relating to the long-tail line. So, as I said in my comments and Sid had said in his comments, there is a margin for error that we booked into the long-tail Commercial lines that we had not previously recorded. The second observation I'd make for you is that, and as shown on slide 21, the nature of our business is a very interconnected nature when we think about it from a perspective of our client. So, I've shown you a table at the bottom of page 21 that shows that 90% of our major account clients are clients that have revenues of over $500 million. They're long-term clients, 18-year relationships, but that our relationships cross across not just one line of business, but multiple lines of business with varying degrees of profitability. And our main objective is to protect the valued client relationships and make sure that we can think of them holistically, not as an individual product, but instead, as an individual client. And then, I guess, the third point I'd make for you is don't lose track of the fact that in our improvement that we've committed to, we did not make any expectation for you on expense ratio other than we would be able to maintain it flat. And in 2016, you can see that we did improve the overall Commercial expense ratio by almost 1 point. So, the 66.7% you are seeing is loss ratio only. If you thought about it in the context of combined ratio, it's about a 5-point improvement over the prior year, and it includes about 4 points of higher accident year loss ratio. If you drilled that down and put it into the U.S. Casualty business, that actually translates to about an 11 point increase in our accident year loss ratio for U.S. Casualty business. And what we're really doing there is recognizing that we don't want to leave you three years from now, seeing us book an increase in prior-year development for the actions we took in 2016.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And this is John Nadel with a follow-up. I guess my question's for Peter. And I'm focused on slide 17. It looks like the impact of the reserve charge is driving nearly 100 basis point increase from the ROE all else equal. And that appears to be simply, because you've taken the equity down. If I look at the ROE impacts excluding that, you're dropping your ROE target by about 150 basis points. Is that how you and the board and your incentive plans will capture the impact, meaning the growth, 150 basis point reduction in ROE, will be the more prevalent measure? And then, secondly, around that, are the areas within the total portfolio of businesses where you can find incremental earnings to help offset that pressure, whether it be incremental expenses, capital return, or is it just a function of investors need to believe in and discount a lower cost of capital?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: So, I think that the 90 basis points that you see on page 17 is just a mechanical effect of the impact on gas equity. But from a point of view, how we steer the ship and how the board thinks about value creation, we look at the much bigger reduction in required economic capital that comes from the ADC. So, the ADC reduces the reserve uncertainty so much more than the book equity reflects, but there's actually a bigger than 90% improvement in the return on economic equity. But that will take time to come through, because we need to work closely with our regulators before we dividend up from the subsidiaries. So, there's no doubt in my mind that this transaction and the net of the ADC and the reserve charge is accretive to value, but I think that the timing of how it comes through GAAP ROE is another matter. It takes a little bit longer. So, we've obviously got a component of it that reflects the reduced investment income. That's another piece that needs to be understood. But I think that taken as a whole, between the two actions of the prior development and the ADC, it's significantly accretive to value. And I think if you work your way through the capital framework that we use, in the new module of disclosures you'll see with much greater transparency how we manage the difference between economic capital and statutory capital, the so-called difference in the frictional capital. You can see how this will work its way through, especially as you try and forecast ROE in 2018, by which many of these timing mismatches will sort of come out in the wash.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Kai Pan.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. First question on the reserve charge. I just wonder how much the increase of accident year loss, which you'll take is coming from this so-called emerging trend in third quarter and fourth quarter versus  so you're adding another layers for margin of safety, because you mentioned the trend actually impacting overall U.S. cash in the market, but we haven't seen large reserve charges at the industry level. Just wondering, if this is AIG-specific issue or is it more industry concern?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Well, Kai, it's Sid. I'll open, and then I'll hand it over to Rob. First of all, I would say, we don't explicitly break it out that way. And it differs dramatically by line of business when you look at U.S. Casualty. I will say, the general effect of our reserve strengthening is to, as I said in my remarks, more heavily weight the trend towards recent accident years. And in lines like commercial auto, where you're seeing dramatically higher trend for the industry, we would be strengthening both reserves and loss picks to reflect that new data. Rob, maybe you want to comment a little bit about how you think about the overall portfolio and loss picks, in general?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Kai, let me suggest to you this way of thinking about it. I want to make sure I get this point across for everyone anyway. Success for the management of our Commercial portfolio begins with getting the proper segment selection. We've got to get the right mix of business here, and the mix of business is going to drive our view of overall profitability for the Commercial portfolio. We've identified the U.S. Excess and Surplus Lines Property business, as well as the U.S. Casualty business as the segments of our portfolio that are the most challenged. And we were absolutely correct in that assessment. 86% of our fourth quarter reserve charge was attributable back to US Casualty. Today, U.S. Casualty is 21% of the Commercial portfolio, and we feel confident about the remaining 79% of the portfolio which is running at an adjusted accident year loss ratio of 60.2%. So, to give you a better sense of sort of the situation we face is I want to take you back to 2004, where effectively we were a Commercial Casualty portfolio that wrote some other business. And what I mean by that is we wrote $15 billion of U.S. Casualty business, representing 58% of our total portfolio. In 2016, we wrote $3.3 billion of net written premiums, representing just 21% of our Commercial portfolio. And by the way, in 2017, we anticipate writing about $2.5 billion of net written premium in Commercial Casualty. So I think we've accomplished four really important things. I'll bring us back to that margin question here in a moment, but four important things in 2016. First, we reduced the U.S. Casualty book by 39% in a single year compared to our annual decline of about 8% per year from 2004 through 2015. Second, we achieved more rate in U.S. Casualty than any other part of the portfolio, about 5.5% in the fourth quarter as I said my prepared remarks. And third, in January, we began working with Swiss Re, as part of the reinsurance agreement that we announced, who not only share in the risks but work with us as a partner to bring data, tools, and additional expertise to design kind of a long-term path for sustainable progress in U.S. Casualty. So we're absolutely committed to serving our valued clients with a U.S. Casualty solution, but it's got to create value for them and for us at the same time. Finally, I'd say, and very importantly, the increase in loss picks for the remaining book that we've talked about here. Our U.S. Casualty is about 11 points  and it's about 11 points on the U.S. Casualty portfolio, so we describe it as 3.9 points across our overall portfolio. So walking into the year, we were booking U.S. Casualty at a level that was about 11 points less. Now some of that increase is, really, just responding to what it is we learned in our reserve studies that we conducted that increased the 2015  2014 loss picks. Another piece of what we've recorded recognizes the fact that we just don't want to repeat having prior year development come out of 2016, when we look back at this year, several years into the future. So I don't have a precise breakout for you of how to think about the additional $700 million in terms of how much of it is margin for error, but I will tell you we've captured everything we've learned for 2015 and prior, and established what we think is a prudent margin for error given the long tail nature of the U.S. Casualty risks.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for that. My follow-up question on the capital management front. You reaffirmed your $25 billion capital management goal. In the  if you remember in your Investor Day in November, you pointed to you have sort of potentially $2 billion to $7 billion additional funding sources that's above this capital management goal. So I just wonder given these reserve charge and some rating agency or regulatory considerations, is the $25 billion a more of a floor or a ceiling now?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I'll give you an initial answer and then I'll hand it over to Sid. The adverse development cover, as I said earlier, dramatically reduces the amount of economic capital at risk. The timing of regulatory capital relief is not immediate, and so while we continue to reaffirm our confidence around the $25 billion, we want to work very closely with both regulators and rating agencies on any further capital actions and make sure that we have a demonstrable track record of repeatable earnings before we would consider adding to that in 2018. So I think that we still feel very confident about the free cash flow of the company and the ability to free up capital through divestitures on the legacy side as well as improved operating earnings. But the most important thing to remember is the net of the adverse development cover and the prior development is accretive to capital, both on an economic capital basis today and what we think ultimately will be true of statutory capital come 2018. So I think that we feel very good about the long-term capital position of the company.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: And, Kai, I'd just add what gives us confidence in our 2017 projections as we highlighted at Investor Day and you heard in many of my remarks today. When you sum up the accomplishments we've had in terms of non-core and legacy asset sales, life reinsurance transactions, our asset allocation shift, and then, of course, operating subsidiary dividends and tax-sharing payments, the aggregate of those have us squarely on track with regards to funding our capital return.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. The biggest topic on the mind of investors that I've received is what will A.M. Best's reaction be to the 4Q set of announcements. The A.M. Best's rating for AIG is currently on  at A with a negative outlook. What's your sense on timing in terms of when we'll hear from A.M. Best in terms of whether they affirm at A or downgrade to A minus?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I will take that. I've tried to be very clear for several years that our concern about claims-paying ability is paramount to the trust that our clients have in us and that the rating agencies, including A.M. Best, are important arbiters of that. We have revealed to you and them a lot of new information in the space over the last few days. And so we expect it to take some time to digest this and see the balancing ins and outs in terms of radical reduction in reserve risk while amendment to current profitability levels to see how that nets out in terms of impact on rating. But we've made it very clear to all the rating agencies that with the extremely strong holding company liquidity position, we put the financial strength of the subsidiaries at the top of the hierarchy of goals in the immediate term to maintain utter confidence in our claims paying ability. So I'm very hopeful that we'll achieve a good outcome with all the rating agencies, including A.M. Best. But they should probably comment on timing as opposed to us.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I appreciate that. My follow-up question is regarding Street estimates for 2017, 2018. Street's at $5.34 for 2017 and $6.45 for 2018. I appreciate your perspective on core ROE, but my own perspective is that Street estimates are just way too high for the next two years. Do you have any perspective on that? I mean, can we help level set this a little?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I don't want to comment on Street estimates. They are often based on different methodologies. What I do think is that we've given the Street a lot more granularity of modular information to do a bottom-up analysis of earnings quality and review those estimates in the light of all the new information we've disclosed. So I think probably best to defer that after the Street had a chance to digest the significant additional information that they've received.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Good morning. Thanks. I had a question about the $10.2 billion consideration to National Indemnity. How is that funded and what is the timing for funding that consideration to National Indemnity?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I'm not sure that we'd want to comment on that, but it's funded by divestitures of general account assets. We have a very liquid general account asset base, and it's just part of our normal course of asset liability management; this is something which is accomplished. But I think that the important thing from point of view of  toward earnings estimates is that we have given you, I think, a clear indication of how much forgone net investment income will occur in 2017 as a result of the sale of those assets and transfer of those funds. So, Sid, if you want to comment on that, that's fine.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. The only other thing I'd add is we expect to finish that financing very shortly. So that's all I'd add, Peter.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So the assets go and the investment income goes with it. And then the  I guess the follow-up I have just on this topic is on page six, description of the arrangement with NICO. The $12.8 billion ceded, is that actually ceded now or is that kind of continually ceded when losses come through?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Now  Sorry, Randy. Do you want to clarify your question there just to make sure we understand?
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So the $12.8 of ceded nominal reserves. I just wanted to make sure I'm understanding this correct, that you're your ceding those assets and liabilities now and that's where we should think about the consideration  part of the consideration coming from.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'll just point you back to my prepared remarks, Randy. Remember, I noted that we have $41 billion of nominal reserves at year end, so that's where you get the ceded amount. You take the $41 billion, you subtract the $25 billion which is $16 billion, and then you apply the 80% to get the ceded reserve number. Obviously, as you know from our filing of the contract, that obviously ultimately gets paid out via Berkshire Hathaway on a paid basis. So  but, yes, they are ceded immediately.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. I'm wondering if you can help walk us through the line items that changed the disclosure. At the end of last year you said that you closed out 2015 with a 66.2% loss ratio accident year, and that's been revised down to 64.7%. I'm wondering, on an apples to apples basis, what the 2016 numbers are? And can you define the difference between the exit run rate loss ratio you're closing out 2016 with versus the reported number?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Rob, why don't you go through that?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Yes. So, Josh, let me begin. Just following on page 20, think about the green line; that's what you're asking me about, and we're going to focus on the line that says 2015, 64.7%. When you saw that line item in 2015, it was 66.2%. The primary adjustments that have been made to that line item are, first, as you know we sold UGC; we had a reinsurance agreement that now works with UGC, and that benefits the Commercial business moving forward. But in order to not make me look good on a year-over-year basis, we pushed that back to all periods, so that you'll see  so we've actually adjusted down what was the 2015 loss ratio reflecting the benefit of UGC into 2015. We've shown that on page 20, in footnote number two, and you can actually see that the benefit is 0.4 points in 2016  in 2015. It was actually, and just for comparison purposes, it's 0.8 points in 2016. So apples to apples basis, we get a 0.8 point benefit in 2016, and we didn't want 0.8 point benefit to compare against the old 66.2%, so we brought the old 66.2% down by 0.4 points which is what the effect would've been in the prior year. The second big item is that, as you know, we exited some businesses in 2016. I announced those exits in February that included primarily our buffer trucking business and our pollution legal liability business in the United States and Canada. Those businesses were exited in 2016 and they've nailed and transferred over to Legacy. Many people worry that I would actually flatter my current loss ratio by simply moving things over to Legacy. In the spirit of very transparent presentation here to you, we've actually also restated 2015 to remove the losses that were in 2015 associated with those same lines that have been exited. So, actually, I get no benefit in the comparison year-over-year 2016 versus 2015 for the fact that I exited businesses that have now been transferred over to Legacy into Charlie Shamieh's team. So overall, the 66.4% pulls out the losses associated with businesses that I exited in 2016 that we didn't want to leave in 2015 so that I would look flatter. And then the second thing it pulls out is the benefit of UGC which should be shown on an apples to apples basis. I think those two things actually show you that overall, we're trying to make sure that I don't flatter myself at all in the year-over-year comparison because net-net, even though the exits should have benefited me in 2016 in the comparison, we basically pulled it out of both periods. Does that make sense?
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Year-over-year, does that mean it benefits you on an absolute number but not on a year-over-year comparison?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Exactly, Josh. So we did the right thing, and we don't worry about trying to look good on a year-over-year basis by flattering ourselves by leaving the old loss ratio high and bringing the current loss ratio down. Sid can comment further.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, Josh. I think in page 33 of the financial supplement, we've actually split out, specifically, the UGC impact, so that there's very clear transparency.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I did see that. Thank you. And then on the difference between an exit run rate and an accident year closeout number. Are we going to close out 2017 at a 65% but, say, the exit run rate is a 62%? And I guess the answer would be, well, what are we in 2016, the difference between the exit run rate and the closeout number?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, Josh, what I'm saying to you there is that the fourth quarter we believe will be at 62%. Obviously, for the full year 2016 we were at a 66%, 67%, so you can imagine that I'm not going to be able to bring Q1 down to the 62%. And in order to have it full year of 62%, it's going to be the average of the four quarters. So we're just recognizing that the fourth quarter we expect to be at 62%, and that we expect that move to 62% to occur throughout the course of 2017.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Thomas Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Rob, just following-up on that conversation. So if the exit run rate on the Commercial loss ratio is really around 67% and the goal is to get to 62%, that's five points of improvement from an exit rate standpoint. I think, from what you were guiding previously, the 2016 to 2017 delta was more like two points. How are you going to get that extra three points? Can you reconcile that?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, Tom, the first thing I want to point people to is that when I committed we would deliver in 2016 in general, there were a lot of doubters about it. They said actually you won't be able to deliver 4 points, you're starting flat-footed. We delivered 4.1 points of improvement in the loss ratio and, for good measure, another nine-tenths of a point in the expense ratio for five points of underwriting improvement. Coming into 2017, we've got a lot of momentum. So the Swiss Reinsurance deal is already in place; that will benefit 2017. We made a lot of changes from an underwriting perspective in 2016 which have not yet been recognized as earned premium until 2017. In one of the research reports that I read from last night, there was a good comment about that. If you look at our reduction in net written premium, you can actually see that we significantly reduced our net written premium in the remediate and in the improved parts of our portfolio, but that doesn't yet reflect in earned premium until largely 2017. So I've got a lot of momentum moving from 2016 into 2017 from those two items and the remainder of the actions that we've got planned for the year, we feel confident we'll deliver the 62% loss ratio. I think overall, what people would've doubted we could've achieved with a 6 point improvement in the loss ratio between 2015 and 2017, I'd say I want you to have confidence; we've already delivered 4 points of it, and we believe we're geared up to deliver well over 4 points of it again in 2017 from the actions we've already taken. So I think we'll over deliver on a relative basis, apples to apples basis.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And then if I could shift to capital return, the caveat of subject to future profit improvement in terms of getting to your $25 billion two-year plan. Can you comment on  can you provide some perspective on what this means? Are we talking about no significant adverse development in P&C? Would that constitute as future profit improvement? Or are we talking about you actually need to show accident year loss ratio improvement in P&C to be able to achieve your capital return plan? Anyway, that's my question there.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I think it's fair to say that if you look at the underwriting actions that Rob's team has executed in 2016, it's a radical reshaping of the mix of business that makes projections more challenging, and I'm quite empathetic to all of you but also to the rating agencies as they try and project our 2017, 2018, 2019 earnings. But I am confident that once they analyze the additional disclosures we've met  if we meet the expectations that we have just laid out then that will more than satisfy all stakeholders that we have a very solid earnings base, very solid liquidity position, very solid capital ratios both at a subsidiary level and at a holding company level that more than supports the current rating. But we don't want to jump the gun on that, and we think it's really important to pace ourselves and bring all stakeholders along on that journey of underlying  understanding the underlying earnings power of this company as we've reshaped the earnings mix.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. I just have a follow-up question kind of on getting to that 62% target in 2017. As we think about a higher kind of inflation level, just overall for the industry, can you just kind of express confidence that the picks that you're now using for 2017 kind of play out that scenario, and that if inflation levels do increase that you can get to this 62% level by the end of the year?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Elyse, I will just say, again, that if you think about the 4 points of increased loss picks we recorded in 2016  I'm referring to the 3.9 points of increase  if you take that to the lines that are likely to have the inflation you're referring to, it will be the long tail U.S. Casualty risks in particular. Those lines, actually, we've increased the loss pick. If you sort of drill down through modularity, it's 3.9 points to total Commercial, it's 5.7 points to Liabilities and Financial lines, but it's 11 points if you drill all the way down to U.S Casualty. So the U.S. Casualty increase in loss picks of 11 points higher is intending to reflect the lessons learned from 2015 and prior, the reserve studies, and any of the expectations we would have regarding inflation. And that's really the message that we're trying to deliver. To the point that I was just talking about achieving the improvement between 2016 and 2017, I pointed out two really important items: you've got the Swiss Re deal that's already in place, and you've got the underwriting improvements that we already took last year. But I'll just make one last observation: because we so significantly increased the loss picks in U.S. Casualty, to the extent that in our mix of business we further reduce our concentration in U.S. Casualty, the benefit that we get between 2016 loss reserves or 2016 loss pick and 2017, because of a lower level of concentration of these very high loss pick businesses, we benefit even more significantly. Those are the three primary drivers that get you from the 66.7% to the 62% that you see on page 20 of our presentation.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. And then in terms of the capital return plan. The contract with Berkshire was retroactive, so you guys did  you guys are transferring over some reserves that were already sitting on your balance sheet in excess of $7 billion. How do you think about the amount of capital freed up there and how does that  it seems like today you've reaffirmed the $25 billion plan, but could something like that potentially be additive to the $25 billion?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. Elyse, it's Sid here. I'll point you to my earlier remarks. We've estimated that we've improved our overall capital position by approximately $2 billion when you combine the ADC netting with our reserve strengthening this quarter, but we anticipate that capital will be deployed over time as I said. So, again, it just reaffirms that we have strong confidence in our capital liquidity positions, as Peter mentioned, as we execute on our target.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thank you. Focusing in on the Commercial business. It looks like, and I'm looking at page 20 like most people are, that something happened from a business perspective in probably around 2013 that got you off on your projections as well as with your business. Could you talk about sort of what was happening there from a business perspective and how that's different today? Who was in charge back then? That kind of thing.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: So there's been a fair amount of change, frankly, in terms of who was in charge of the businesses that have reflected this and, as you can imagine, given the long-standing client relationships and long-standing presence in lines of business that were affected, you have a lot of inertia. So I think that, as Rob mentioned earlier on, we had a $15 billion Casualty book which was at the beginning of the period, and then that's now down prospectively in 2017 to about $2.5 billion. So that reduction didn't happen overnight. And so during this period of time, we were shrinking a book of business which, frankly, looks a lot better with high interest rates where you can live with a higher combined ratio if you've got decent net investment income. And in that 2013 period, if you remember, you've got two things: continued quantitative easing and, therefore, very low interest rates, making that a much less attractive business; and a recovery in the economy, so you start to have a lot more miles driven and a lot more economic activity and, therefore, an uptick in frequency and severity of losses. So you've got a sort of cyclical element hurting you on the loss cost trends, and a continued challenge on the net investment income. So I think there's an inflection point there which confirmed our initial instincts that the reduction in the Casualty lines was the right strategy, but the sense of urgency around that picked up as the continued low interest rate environment persisted in the subsequent years and as the loss cost trends accelerated even more with higher jury awards and so on in the most recent accident year. So I think that we've made a lot of change in terms of individuals and process, but we've also tried to learn what is external to AIG that we need to adapt to, lower interest rates and higher cost trends, and what is internal in terms of lessons learned in terms of improved linkage between claims, underwriting, and actuarial and getting the right alignment of those functions. And so we believe that the team that we have today is the right one to continue to reshape the mix of business around our most profitable clients. And I think that's probably the most important change in mindset, is to really start to analyze client profitability not just business line profitability, and that is something we have much better tools, better governance, and better understanding of today.
Jon Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: So I just want to make sure I understand the answer properly. It sounds like what you're saying is that you correctly identified the claims inflation, inflection, and other issues at that time but simply did not shrink the book fast enough to  as you would've liked in hindsight. Is that right?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I think that in hindsight it's something which I'd say you need more time to look back on this the right way. What we've done is retained over 92% of our best clients. If we had tried to shrink it faster, that number might've been a whole lot lower and that might've cost us a lot more in terms of profitable Financial lines and other lines of business. So we were shrinking the Commercial business at an annualized rate of about  I mean, the Casualty business at about an 11% annualized rate, and then we accelerated that to over 30% in the last 12 months. I don't think if we'd done it that aggressively back then we would've done it as elegantly, and I do think that we've got much better tools, much better governance around managing those client relationships. And of course, if you remember back then, the recent history of AIG's challenges in the financial crisis were still fresh in people's minds, so I think abrupt changes in our underwriting appetite would've had more disruption then than it does today.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. So first, just a comment, you did change disclosure, and I think it makes it very difficult to compare results. So I hope, especially when you're not really boasting the updated results in advance, so if you are changing disclosure in the future, I think you should actually at least provide the historical numbers a few days or a week or two weeks in advance, and it obviously would reduce confusion a lot. In terms of my question, I'm just trying to understand your comments on the Berkshire Hathaway contract which seemed pretty positive on it reducing your cost of equity. Obviously, it does reduce volatility in GAAP results but that's only because you're paying $10 billion upfront for about $20 billion of coverage, and you're doing it several years in advance of any contribution from Berkshire Hathaway, so  also you're still on the hook for the deal. So if you can quantify how much the deal is releasing in terms of  or if it is releasing any GAAP or stat capital  whether you'll see any impact from this on your tax asset? And also what the duration is of the claims payment period on this book?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: So I think that the most important thing to see is that as of today's reserve number, you've got about $9 billion of additional risk capacity that is for Berkshire's account, which has an economic risk reduction to us, that will make sure that any subsequent adverse development is shared 80-20 between us and them, so there's substantial risk transfer to them. That is quite beyond any kind of accounting impact; in fact, if anything, the accounting is quite adverse compared to the economics because of the deferred nature of the recognizing of the gain on the ADC versus the immediate recognition of any subsequent PYD on the book. So I think that this is anything but an accounting-driven exercise. This, as we always do, prioritizes improvement in intrinsic value and reduction in economic risk. And you've rightly point out that there is, of course, a tail risk as there is in all of our businesses, and I think that we need to evaluate that carefully, and we have the benefit of our own judgment as well as those of third parties to estimate the full range of outcomes for future claims. But I think that we feel that this is a very substantial reduction in the reserve risk which should give people more confidence around the book value of the firm and the earnings trajectory. But I don't know. Sid, do you want to elaborate on the...
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. First of all, we're sympathetic, that this is obviously a complex transaction, and Liz and the team will be available to walk you guys through this in more detail. But on an economic basis, the way you need to think about this is think of us, Jimmy, as transferring the assets. We receive a reinsurance recoverable that has a very sizable present value, we release capital up until the limit, and that are the economics of the transaction. Separate from that, of course, when I talk about netting this and freeing up capital, you have the prior year development and you have the tax affect of that prior year development, of course. So those are the ins and outs of both the reserve and the economics of the transaction. So don't think of the $10 billion without thinking of the reinsurance recoverable, and on a nominal basis, that $10 billion is granted and there's ceded nominal reserves of $12.8 billion plus the capital freedom. That's how you need to...
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No. I understand, and I actually think that the transaction is relatively simple in terms of how it works. I'm just trying to see if you can quantify some of these numbers. But what's the claim duration of the book? Do you have a sense? Or what's your best estimate of that?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. We're not going to provide an overall duration in terms of the detailed cash flows, but my rough approximation I would give you is about 10 years. And so you have some cash flows that are going to be several years out and then some that are going to be way out in the tail, of course. So that's how we think about it when we do the PV; but rough math, I would use 10 years.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Yes. Good morning. I had a question on reserves. At the Investor Day, Peter, you expressed some animosity toward the idea of a reserve cookie jar, and now we're talking about a margin of error. And I would just observe that one actuary's margin of error is another actuary's cookie jar, am I to understand that adding this margin of error is a change in your reserve philosophy?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I would say that when you have an ADC of the scale and scope that we have which we did not have on Investor Day, we have downsized the strategic significance of reserve risk by 80%, and so the subjectivity that is inevitable in any kind of reserve estimation, that would lead you to sort of judge where you are on that spectrum of conservatism, just has a dramatically lower effect both on historical reserves. And then given the dramatic reduction in new business written that Rob has explained, over 30% year-on-year, it just is not a big issue going forward. And so I'd rather just leave it at that. I don't know whether, Sid, you'd like to elaborate.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. First comment I'd make, Gary, is we've obviously commented before on some of that terminology, and we have the highest standards around our financial reporting process and our reserving process, so I'd leave that for you. Number one. Secondly, the way that I would describe  ask you to think about this in totality is first, we understand some of the frustrations people have had around historical reserve strengthening; and secondly, we have not been happy with our historical reserve risk outcomes either. And the way to think about this is the combination of the adverse development cover, our reserve strengthening, the adjustment to our loss picks, and the dramatic shift in the underwriting that Rob referred to in terms of business mix, the total of that does more than change the reserve risk profile and eliminate that historical trend than anything from a risk perspective could, and that was how we thought about this when we think about reserve risk.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Just one other thing on the timing of the recognition of these adverse trends in the third and fourth quarter. Are we also to think that you did not see anything along those lines in, say, late 2015 or early 2016?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: So I would point out that we have  while we have been considering an adverse development cover for some time and we initiated our exploration of this at the beginning of the year, it was only once we concluded our reserve studies after Christmas that it became clear to us that this was a transaction that made excellent economic sense. So we do have a back-ended reserving process, and so it was really after Christmas that it became very clear that that was the right thing to do. And I think we made a lot of changes that I think positively improved our ability to identify trends in the re-segmentation of our reserving. We went to a smaller number of more coherent modular reserving segments that gave us a higher signal-to-noise ratio that gave us more confidence in our decisions.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. Gary, it's Sid. I'd only add a couple of points. First, in the areas where we did see adverse actual versus expected trends as we talked about it at Investor Day, which was particularly programs, we think we acted rapidly and transparently and you saw us, obviously, strengthen reserves and programs when we saw those actual versus expected trends. For some of the lines that we discussed, we obviously saw trends accelerate into the fourth quarter, and some of those on very green lines. So like I said, in particular, Excess Casualty in 2015 is a green line, and you need a full year of seasoning. We are comfortable with the amount of work we did, as Peter alluded to, in the segmentation of our analysis, the granularity and the effort we put in, particularly given the work we initiated around in ADC in the second quarter and continuing through the year, that we've done a more thorough analysis of the reserve portfolio at this point in time. And we are very comfortable with where we are.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks, and good morning. Just, I guess, two quick follow-ups to prior questions. Number one, going back to the ratings agency discussion, and I'm still not clear. All else being equal, would a change by A.M. Best alter your plans to return to $25 billion or will it not?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I think that, first and foremost, I'd say that we have every hope and expectation there will not be a change and we will do everything we can to prevent a change. We see that as a critical element to our strategy. Secondly, they would make their change based on, I'm sure, a multitude of criteria that would maybe include capital planning but also the geography of that capital. Where is it? It's between the holding company and the operating subsidiaries. And it's the rating of the operating subsidiaries that we care about most because that's what affects our claims paying ability to our clients, and that's the stakeholder base that we care about most. So I think that we would look at all actions, including amendments to the capital, to make sure that that rating is defended, but we have a lot of capital flexibility, as we've pointed out, that would allow us to continue to serve all of our stakeholders in a way that's balanced and sustainable.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. The second and final question is, Peter, this goes back probably to 2015 when there was a lot of discussion around too big to succeed, etcetera and at that time we had a  SIFI lends to this discussion. It's 2017, if you think about the tone and the content of conference calls, we rarely talk about the Consumer Insurance business, if at all. I was wondering how does the Board of Directors and you feel about revisiting the separation of business entity discussion, keeping the SIFI discussion apart. It seems we talk about the same issues in every call, and many other pieces of the business are not getting their sort of fair share of discussion or airtime. So how do you feel about revisiting the discussion to separate P&C from other pieces? Thanks.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I think that we've been very clear that there are strong tax reasons but also very strong diversification reasons why the current mix of business makes all the sense in the world. And this quarter, above all quarters, would remind people of the value and diversification as we look back at 2016's excellent results from the Consumer business, and the fact that the Personal insurance has had a major swing to profitability. So I think that my hope is that our dialogue with you becomes much more balanced as we reduce the uncertainties, and in particular around reserving that has plagued the discussion and allows the sort of skew to be so heavily focused around the U.S. Casualty business and to be a more balanced discussion about what I think is a mix of business across Consumer and Commercial that is focused on most profitable segments, geographies, and client segments that create sustainable earnings. So I think that we are in a process of reshaping this company. We have done a lot to make it less complex, and so in direction we are all in favor of resculpting this company and making it smaller or more focused. We did not think a three-way split to avoid SIFI regulation was the optimal way to unlock value for shareholders. So I think we feel very strongly that that was the right decision, but we continue to resculpt this company to be more focused, easier to manage, and easier to explain. And I do think this ADC cover is a pivotal moment in taking one of the biggest question marks around the evaluation and the risk profile of the company off the table, so we can focus on the operating earnings engine of the core portfolio and how that's emerging as a leading franchise.
Operator: We'll take our next and final question from Larry Greenberg with Janney.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you. Peter, I think in the past you've given an ROE target for the operating segments and then a total company. And I know here you've given a 9.5% for the core operating. Maybe I missed it, but is there an ROE target? I know you gave what your freed up capital expectation is from Legacy. But is there an ROE target for Legacy?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: No. The target for Legacy is all around the release of capital. So they're trying to release capital and shrink as effectively as possible with a view to how much they impair book value and enhance intrinsic value. So their gating factor is the speed of which they can release capital at a price that is accretive to intrinsic, and I'm delighted to point out how much they've done this last year to do that and most recently in the last quarter. Life settlements was a major illiquid asset in the Legacy book which was sold at a level that was accretive to intrinsic value in our view, and they will continue to do that. But I think that holding them accountable to ROE is the wrong metric because it really doesn't get what's really going on here which is shrinking that so that we can redeploy that capital in our core businesses to grow them and return any excess to shareholders. So that's the way we measure it. And if you think about the hierarchy of goals as I talked about at Investor Day, it helps you sort of map it into that to see how it all drives growth of intrinsic.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thanks. And then just a follow-up for Rob, and I'm looking at page 21. The first category, the grow category, saw a 10-point deterioration in the accident year loss ratio. And I'm just wondering if you could give us a little bit of color on that degree of deterioration.
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: So, Larry, the first thing is that while we present this in a way to try to keep it simple, I want you to really understand that Peter marches this team to the tune of intrinsic value. So we are here trying to look even beyond the loss ratio and even beyond the expense ratio, but we're looking at risk-adjusted profitability in the context of the way we really run the day-to-day decisions inside of the Commercial business. So while this is a simplistic presentation of what happens to loss ratio, I'd say within the attractive parts of the business, what I want you to know is that we're making trade-offs every day, recognizing that while the loss ratio might look attractive, the ROE or the intrinsic value might not. So a classic example of that would be one of the primary drivers behind why our grow part of this portfolio on slide 21 declined in size; it's largely attributable to Property business. And while the loss ratio without natural catastrophes, so the adjusted accident year loss ratio for a property may look attractive, when we add on the acquisition costs and we add on the average annual loss expectation and then we think about the capital consumption, so I have to do all of the rest of this math behind the scenes, but we believe that we're making trade-offs that are even more sophisticated than what you see here on the simple view on page 21. And so I absolutely believe that we've made the right decisions in every element of these product sets that are shown on this page and, to the extent that we shrunk or that the accident year loss ratio deteriorated, recognized that tends to be sort of attributable to shifts in business and generally with things where we're making behind the scenes decisions on intrinsic value.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Peter Hancock, at this time I will return the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I would like to thank everybody for their patience and good questions. We've had a lot of information to digest, and we take the feedback that we wish we have gotten this to you earlier to digest quicker. But I think that I'd like to end this with a comment about the team, the management team. If you look back at the last 12 months, I think you'll see that this team has been extremely active in reshaping this company and making it a more focused and more sustainable source of earnings as well as serving our clients better, and I couldn't be prouder of how the team has worked together under a great deal of pressure to deliver these results. And so I have a great deal of confidence in their ability to deliver the 2017 prospective results that we've discussed today as well. And I think that the additional disclosure that we have given you gives you a better sense of the multi-dimensional nature of their roles as they optimize our mix of business of both geographic, by product, by customer segment, and I think that as I speak to our shareholders that may be listening, I think that the leadership team that we have assembled is really very, very well-suited to completing this task. So I want to give them a shout out for the accomplishments they've made. So thank you very much for your attention today, and I look forward to following-up with you individually in the weeks to come.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc. Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc. Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc. Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc. Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.
Analysts: Jay Arman Cohen - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Please stand by. Good day, and welcome to AIG's Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Liz Warner. Please go ahead ma'am.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first, second and third quarter Form 10-Q, and our 2015 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations, and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures, the reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for Jay's presentation and for  and our financial supplement, which are available on our website. Nothing in today's presentation or in oral statements made in connection with this presentation is intended to constitute nor shall it be deemed to constitute any offer of any securities up for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This morning, we will get to hear from our management team and  which would include Peter Hancock, Sid Sankaran, Rob Schimek and Kevin Hogan. And we'll begin this morning's call with Peter.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased with our progress this quarter and the continued execution of our strategic plan. We reported third quarter operating EPS of $1 a share, a solid result despite volatility from our review of our longevity assumptions and certain segments of our Commercial business. I'm pleased that we maintained our strong position in our Life and Retirement segments, and delivered another strong quarter in Personal Insurance. I remain highly focused on the continued improvement of our commercial underwriting, and believe we're taking appropriate actions. Sid and Rob will speak to the specifics of our reserves and underwriting strategy in their remarks. Since the second quarter, we announced or completed five strategic and complex transactions. These actions are increasing the sustainability of AIG's earnings and are reshaping the company. During our January strategy update, we discussed our focus on targeting geographies and segments with critical mass and expertise, while improving our multinational capabilities. The Fairfax transaction is the most recent example of executing on this strategy. The transaction required the extraordinary effort of our employees across two continents, 12 countries, and required the close and timely coordination with over 20 different regulators. The transaction is expected to consolidate our network partners, and reinforce our commitment to servicing our multinational clients in over 200 countries and jurisdictions without the need for bricks and mortars in every location. As we committed to you in January, we are narrowing our focus on those countries where we have opportunities to improve our ROE. We're also highly focused on disruption in the market and our future growth opportunities. During the third quarter, we announced the launch of our technology-driven solution to serve the $80 billion U.S. small-to-middle-market. AIG, Hamilton Insurance and Two Sigma joined together to form Attune. Attune will partner with retail and wholesale intermediaries, and offer small businesses, a broader and more flexible range of products through a technology-enabled platform. Through the combination of Hamilton's small business expertise, AIG's scale, extensive data and long-standing distribution network, and Two Sigma's technology and data science capabilities, Attune can offer a powerful, disruptive solution to the small business market. In addition to our actions to simplify AIG, our expense discipline continued this quarter. Through the nine months, we are ahead of our 6% planned reduction with a 10% decline in operating GOE, excluding any foreign exchange effect and the impact of the sale of the AIG Advisor Group. We expect expense reductions to extend into 2017 and remain ahead of plan as a result of actions taken across the company. The normalized return on equity was 7.1% for the quarter and 8.3% for the nine months. Third quarter normalized return on equity reflects our seasonally high expected third quarter cat losses. Our operating improvements and return of capital will continue to positively impact ROE, and we're on track to deliver full-year normalized ROE in our targeted range of 8.4% to 8.9%. We will provide greater insight into our confidence in reaching our 2017 financial targets at our upcoming Investor Day. We continue to shape the company to deliver more sustainable, higher-quality earnings, and remain focused on meeting our two-year strategic objectives. Our results and the strength of our relationships with customers and partners in the industry are positive indications of our progress and the foundation we're building for the long-term success of AIG. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Sid.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll speak to our quarterly financial results including noteworthy items, strategic transactions and capital management. Turning to slide four, our core operating earnings improved from the same period last year as the decline in the Commercial accident year loss ratio has adjusted, expense discipline across AIG and improved alternative investment returns all meaningfully contributed to the improvement in performance. Looking ahead, while we're only one month into the fourth quarter, our early estimate of losses from Hurricane Matthew is about $250 million, roughly two-thirds of which relates to Commercial and one-third relates to Consumer. Operating results also reflected two adverse impacts of note. First, we took a loss recognition charge of $622 million related to longevity experience studies, which indicated increased longevity, particularly on disabled lives on a legacy block of structured settlements underwritten pre-2010. This legacy block accounted for over 80% of the $622 million charge. As we told you on our January 26 strategy update, these assets and liabilities will be reported in the legacy portfolio when we release our fourth quarter recast of results. Shifting to our operating portfolio actuarial updates, we recorded net charges totaling $24 million. We recorded a benefit of $238 million for our operating Consumer Life and Retirement businesses due largely to lower fixed annuity surrender assumptions, partially offset by an increase in reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees. Offsetting this, we recorded $262 million of total prior-year adverse reserve development net of premium adjustments, which largely related to our U.S. program business within specialty. Rob will comment further on this review and the underwriting actions that we've taken on our U.S. program book. During the quarter, we announced the sale of UGC to Arch Capital Group, and have included an overview of the transaction on slide six. AIG will retain the attractive economics associated with our 50% quota share reinsurance agreement on business written by UGC, and are reporting the earnings in Commercial Insurance. This quota share covers business written during the 2014 to 2016 accident years and we expect the average annual pre-tax earnings from the quota share will be approximately $150 million for 2017 and 2018, and will decline thereafter. The remaining operating results of UGC, which is held for sale on the balance sheet, are being reported in Corporate and Other up to the closing date. We anticipate closing the transaction in the fourth quarter ideally, or early in the first quarter. We expect to receive $2.2 billion in cash proceeds at closing, an additional $250 million pre-closing dividend, as well as approximately 9% of Arch's common shares. In addition, as part of the transaction UGC's tax attribute deferred tax assets remain with AIG. Note, this quarter we also began reporting Institutional Markets' results in Corporate and Other, as the vast majority of this business will be reported in Legacy beginning in the fourth quarter. Slide seven shows recent strategic transactions and their estimated impact on our 2017 results. While there's a modest earnings impact from these transactions, each transaction is accretive to our overall ROE. Rob and Kevin will speak to the strategic rationale for the Commercial and Consumer transactions. Consistent with our capital plan, we completed a Life Reinsurance transaction late in the quarter that resulted in the distribution of approximately $1 billion of excess statutory capital from our U.S. life companies to AIG Parent. This is our first completed Life Reinsurance transaction towards our goal of freeing up $4 billion to $5 billion of capital by the end of 2017. We remain focused and confident on executing on the additional Life Reinsurance transactions. The earnings impact from this transaction will be reported in next quarter's new legacy module, as it largely related to Legacy Whole Life and universal life business. Turning to slide eight. As Peter stated, we are ahead of plan on expenses and continue to expect to exceed the 6% targeted GOE decline for the full year. Our expense reduction targets are carefully aligned against our projections of new business volumes to meet our objective of improving operating leverage. We took additional pre-tax restructuring charges of $210 million during the quarter relating to our ongoing efficiency program, which we expect will generate an additional $400 million of run rate expense savings. We expect to exceed our two-year expense reduction target. Slide nine details the 120-basis point expansion in normalized ROE for the quarter. This improvement reflected the active return of capital to shareholders as well as continued improvement in normalized operating results and reflects our seasonally high cat loss expectation in the third quarter, which was greater than reported 3Q cat losses. Our year-to-date normalized ROE is 8.3% and we continue to expect to achieve our full-year normalized ROE target of at least 8.4%. Slide 10 shows the drivers of book value per share ex-AOCI and DTA, and including dividend growth, which grew 1% during the quarter and 5% year-to-date, reflecting operating earnings and accretive share repurchases. Turning to capital on slide 11. We continue to execute against our capital return target and we are confident we are on track to meet our targets. We've returned $9.8 million of capital to shareholders for the first nine months of the year. During the quarter, we deployed about $2.3 billion towards the repurchase of almost 40 million common shares. Since quarter end and through November 2, we repurchased an additional $946 million of common shares, leaving about $1.4 billion unused under the current authorization plus an additional $3 billion from the new authorization that we just announced. Our balance sheet and free cash flow remains very strong. And as you can see on slide 12, Parent liquidity at quarter end was $8.6 billion, above our targeted range of $6 billion to $8 billion, and reflects the timing of insurance company dividends received late in the quarter. In addition to the Life Reinsurance transaction, we also monetized $900 million of legacy assets during the quarter, or $5.2 billion over the last four quarters. These proceeds have partially funded capital return to shareholders. And when considering announced but not closed transactions, we expect to well exceed the $5 billion to $7 billion funding target from divestitures that we outlined in our January 26 strategic update. We also announced that we reduced our hedge fund allocation by about half, which we expect would free up $2 billion of capital towards our capital return target by the end of 2017. We've reduced our hedge fund portfolio by $2.7 billion for the first nine months of the year, which has freed up approximately $800 million in capital in our life companies, which has come up to the holding company in the form of dividend payments. As Peter stated, we're focused on the continued execution of our strategic plan and providing you with additional disclosure as we progress at our upcoming Investor Day. Now, with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Sid, and good morning, everyone. During the third quarter, we remained focused on our strategy to improve underwriting results and create a stronger, more valuable Commercial Insurance business. Our strategy recognizes the importance of managing both the adjusted accident year loss ratio and expense ratio, and this quarter we saw improvement in both. We will have quarterly variability in each component of the adjusted accident year combined ratio, but we expect the net result will continue to improve. Turning to slide 14. The adjusted accident year loss ratio declined 1.9 points during the third quarter, reflecting continued improvement in U.S. casualty. The UGC quota share agreement contributed to the improvement over prior year by 0.4 points in the third quarter or 0.3 points year-to-date. Moving to expenses. The 1.9 point expense ratio improvement exceeded the prior-year quarter despite lower net premiums earned. We expect expenses to continue to decline, but similar to the loss ratio, the expense ratio will fluctuate around a downward trend line. Globally, rates were down less than a point with a marginal increase in the U.S. and more aggressive competition internationally. In the U.S., casualty rates increased 3.5 points, representing the fourth consecutive quarter with rate increases in excess of three points, and specialty rates increased 2.5 points. Partially offsetting those increases was continued pressure in property of approximately four points driven primarily by excess and surplus lines. In certain segments, we're seeing fewer high-quality new business opportunities, and therefore, have maintained our discipline as we deploy our capital where we will meet or exceed our targeted rate of return. We're pleased that we continue to grow in our focus growth segments year-to-date despite competitive market conditions. In prioritizing our valued multiline client relationships, retention for major clients has remained consistent with prior levels at 94%. As an example, multinational global policies grew 8%, reflecting our multiyear investment to provide world-class solutions for clients across the globe. As Peter mentioned, an important part of the Fairfax transaction is Fairfax will act as our strategic network partner to serve multinational clients in all 12 countries included in the deal. This follows a similar transaction completed with Grupo ASSA in Central America last year, and signifies an enhanced strategy to better serve our multinational clients in over 200 countries and jurisdictions through what we consider to be the best combination of owned operations and strong strategic partners in the industry. Turning to third quarter calendar year results, cat losses were better than our average annual loss expectation but higher than prior-year, and as Sid mentioned, the U.S. programs business resulted in a commercial net reserve strengthening of $306 million. Our U.S. programs business consists of $1.1 billion of annual net premiums written, spanning across 108 program segments and 41 program administrators. This business is written via managing general agents for predominantly small and medium-sized enterprises, and third-party administrators handle over half of the claims activity. Prior-year development was driven by higher-than-expected loss emergence in the most recent calendar year from a subset of these programs. We've now completed a detailed segmentation of the entire programs booked as part of a broader, more holistic assessment of the business we transact with managing general agents. Through the review, we identified the programs we're seeking to grow, improve, remediate or terminate based on our profitability criteria, and we terminated 16 program segments with net premiums written totaling approximately $200 million as a result. We estimate approximately 80% of the programs business reserve charge relates to programs where we've initiated termination or were in the process of remediating. The purpose of evaluating our managing general agent relationships has been to determine where we wish to focus our resources, reposition relationships and better align incentives. The sale of our interest in Ascot and MSM, which we announced earlier this quarter, are examples of ROE-accretive repositioning, where we will opportunistically partner with these franchises that bring highly specialized expertise and diversification benefit to create a greater long-term value for AIG. Now turning to slide 15. The year-to-date adjusted accident year loss ratio of 64.1% improved 2.1 points from the full-year 2015, excluding the UGC quota share benefit. The remainder of my comments will exclude the benefit to provide an apples-to-apples comparison of our performance to the strategic targets we set in January. While the chart at the top right side of the page demonstrates the quarter-to-quarter variability of losses, I'm pleased with the overall improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio trendline. Our ability to manage expenses, combined with the loss ratio improvement, resulted in an adjusted accident year combined ratio improvement of 3.1 points. This quarter, we experienced more pronounced volatility in our short tail lines, which adversely impacted Commercial's adjusted accident year loss ratio by approximately 2 points. One point was attributable to increasing the current accident year loss fix, following our view of the U.S. Programs business. And the other point was related to higher property attritional losses. Although third quarter severe losses were significantly lower than prior year, Property's attritional loss ratio was the second-highest result over the past 12 quarters due to the claims frequency that was greater than the norm. During the past several years, we've made several significant changes to structurally improve the quality of our Property portfolio, including our shift from excess and surplus lines to highly engineered risks in the expansion of our use of reinsurance. However, as we've said in the past, we do not expect our path to be linear. We believe accepting a reasonable degree of variability in quarterly results is the right business decision, and we have the ability to course-correct as business and market conditions change. Given our actions in the first nine months of the year, we're continuing to target a run rate adjusted accident year loss ratio reduction of 4 points, recognizing, as we saw this quarter, with respect to short tail property losses, our results are subject to volatility. We remain committed to our target of a 6-point run rate reduction in the adjusted accident year loss ratio by the end of 2017. As shown on slide 16, we continue to make significant progress in optimizing our portfolio to reduce the adjusted accident year loss ratio. Overall, we're pleased with the pace of improvement in our mix of business written through the first nine months of the year, which will earn in over future periods. In closing, although we faced some headwinds this quarter, I'm proud of the progress our team has made, improving our portfolio, managing expenses and proactively seeking out value-enhancing opportunities. Reflecting on our work over the past 10 months, I am confident in this team's ability to execute our strategy. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Despite a challenging economic and regulatory environment, I'm pleased to report that each of our consumer insurance businesses performed well during the quarter, reflecting the benefits of our diversified portfolio of Retirement, Life and Personal Insurance businesses. Importantly, each of our businesses is executing on our strategic priorities and are focused on value creation, as I will discuss. First, let me make a few introductory comments. In Retirement, I am proud to say that our strong diversification has made AIG the largest provider of annuities in the U.S. in the first half of the year. While we hold a top five sales ranking in each of variable index and fixed annuities, and we are the only company to hold a top five sales ranking in more than any one of these lines, our focus is on value over volume, and we continue to maintain vigorous pricing discipline facilitated by our lack of dependence on any one product. In Personal Insurance, we continue to execute on our focused strategy. We are on track to meet our target state of 15 individual and 35 group countries by the end of 2017, and the most recent announcement with Fairfax Financial is a further key step to achieving our goal. The benefits from these actions are beginning to emerge and will continue to evolve over the coming years. Most importantly, we are preserving our ability to serve our multinational customers and covered individuals through our strategic network partners. In U.S. Personal Insurance, our private client group is implementing a market-competitive end-to-end platform to build on the double-digit growth that we've been generating, which will further improve the customer and distributor experience, and create operational efficiencies through automation and self-servicing. In Japan, we remain focused on transforming the business, delivering improved results, executing on our customer value proposition, all while we are preparing for the successful execution of the legal merger. During the quarter, J.D. Power Auto Consumer Satisfaction survey awarded Fuji Fire and Marine with the number one ranking in shopping satisfaction and AIU with the number one ranking in relationship satisfaction in the market. We also now average over 20,000 independent Japanese agents using our new technology front-end platform on a daily basis. Now, I will briefly discuss the results for the quarter. Turning to Retirement on slide 18, in the quarter we saw lower Retirement sales from a year ago, reflecting an industry-wide slowdown in variable annuity sales from the uncertainty caused by the DOL fiduciary rule and market volatility. These challenges validate our strategy of offering a broad portfolio of product solutions to meet our clients' needs. We have been proactive in updating our variable annuity product features and taking pricing actions to maintain our returns in the continuing low interest rate environment. With respect to the DOL rule, we remain in active discussions with our distribution partners and are confident that we will be prepared to support them under a broad spectrum of chosen paths for implementation. Fixed Annuity sales and net flows declined, reflecting our ongoing Fixed Annuity pricing discipline in the current investment rate and credit spread environment. Maintaining our Fixed Annuity pricing and asset quality focus remains a priority as we seek value over volume. Group Retirement benefited from strong deposits and lower surrenders, resulting in improved net flows. While these results reflect the investments we've made in the business, including our client-focused technology platform, competition in this space remains robust. We do expect to see more planned conversions in the fourth quarter, which is standard for the defined contribution market, including both large plan acquisitions and large case group surrenders. As you can see on slide 19, we continue to maintain our discipline in managing credit (24:48) rates and net spreads. Trends in the quarterly reported base yields and spreads are impacted by volatility associated with bond accretion and commercial loan prepayment income. Looking forward, absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, we continue to expect our net spreads will decline by approximately 2 to 4 basis points per quarter. Turning to slide 20, growth in International Life sales drove an increase in premiums and deposits of 10% from the same period last year on a constant-dollar basis. Growth in U.S. Life sales reflects our focus on term life, where we are again a top five term writer and also number one in direct term sales in the first six months of the year. Change in our product mix demonstrates our commitment to the value of new business as we have increased our focus on products without long-duration interest rate guarantees. Our positive sales trends at Life also reflect the evolution of our distribution strategy and further developments of our independent distribution network. Operating comparisons for Life benefited from continuing favorable mortality experience, expense management and improved investment returns. We also continue to make progress in the transactions supporting our previously announced plans to reinsure our remaining redundant reserves. As Sid mentioned, we completed our first Life Reinsurance transaction during the quarter. This was an extremely large and complex transaction, and I would like to thank Charlie Shamieh and the whole legacy team for their discipline and focus throughout the transaction process. I am confident, that supported by this team, we will continue to meet our targets for the remaining Life Reinsurance transactions. Turning to slide 21, Personal Insurance reported another strong quarter of operating performance. The operating improvement reflected our strategic actions to reduce expenses, including direct marketing costs as well as early emergence of operating benefits from investments in Japan and other select markets. We did see a higher number of large but not severe losses in the quarter than a year ago. However, the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, was only slightly above our expectations. Expenses continued to be a key lever to future margin expansion and Personal Insurance, but as I have said, progress will not be linear quarter-to-quarter due to the nature of our ongoing investments, including in Japan. To close, I'm pleased with the progress we are making against our strategic priorities across all of our consumer businesses, and we remain focused on continuing to execute on our plan. Now, I would like to turn it back to Liz, to open up to Q&A.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Thank you. And in this morning, we'd like to follow format of one question with one follow-up, please, and then just get back into queue. We would like to open our lines up at this time, operator, for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Arman Cohen - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: I just want to ask about the reserve charge in the Program business. You talked about doing sort of a deeper dive into that business this quarter. I guess the assumption that we had was that you had done a pretty deep dive into everything at year-end 2015. So, my question is, are there still other businesses that you need to dive in a little deeper to?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Jay, it's Rob. From an underwriting perspective, as you know  so I'll comment on underwriting and let Sid comment about reserves. But from an underwriting perspective, the way we'll drive our 6-point improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio is by digging deeper into all elements of the Commercial portfolio focused on the value of our volume exercises. So, in 2016, this is one of the areas where we focused, and consistent within actions you've already seen us take this year, the fact that we terminated 16 programs is very consistent with the actions we took with respect to our Environmental Solution Legal Liability business in the U.S. and Canada earlier this year, and the buffer trucking where, what we believe that a business is not a business that will add value to AIG. We've proved that we're willing to step away from it. I'll let Sid comment about the reserves.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, Jay, I think as we've said before, we review all of our reserve segments annually so actually in 2015 programs was reviewed midway through the year. We did not observe any significant adverse claim activity, which is important to know. Now, during the first half of 2016, as Rob noted, and I think the team did an excellent job on a deep dive underwriting review, we noted calendar year loss emergence for the most recent accident years that indicated we need to strengthen the program reserves. So, that's really the backdrop on Programs.
Jay Arman Cohen - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Got it. The other question was on the direct marketing expense which came down quite a bit. Did you see those reductions have any impact on revenue production?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, Jay, our change in strategy in direct marketing primarily focus on Japan, where you may recall we made an announcement about a year ago that we were teasing (30:34) direct marketing in the American Home business and focusing that activity in our Life Insurance platform, Fuji Life, in Japan. So we have seen a reduction in the production in the supplemental health business in American Home in Japan concomitant with that reduction in direct marketing expenses, and we are focusing on independent distribution channels in terms of new business in Japan.
Jay Arman Cohen - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: And the next question is from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, with those reserve points addressed, I guess, one question I had is on the underlying combined  as the underlying profitability in your four, sort of, subsegments. So 70% of your business, International consumer in North America, Commercial did okay this quarter, where the other 30%, which is International Commercial and North America consumer, did really poorly at these versus our estimates. And this isn't the first time those two areas have shown difficulty. So, what is adequate profitability in those segments? What you doing to get there? And how long is it going to take? And would you consider selling pieces or all of those businesses if parts of them that remain challenged aren't able to remediate?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Mike, I'll take that. I think that the way you're segmenting the business is not the way we run the business. And so we try to make very clear in our January strategy update our forward-looking segmentation to help you think about valuation and adequate profitability as you put it in two broad segments  Legacy and Operating. And within the Operating, that helps you estimate what our sustainable ROE will be, and hence, what kind of our multiple on earnings you think we might deserve. And in the Legacy, I think it's very clear that sizable chunk of equity is  about a quarter of the company's equity at the beginning of this year had a very suboptimal return, about 3% return on equity. And therefore, as you get to understand the Legacy better, you figure out what kind of discount to the current book value you need as to anchor your valuation from. So, I'm feeling really good right now about the returns on the aggregate of all of our operating businesses with a forward-looking basis, and I think the big question mark is how quickly and at how big a discount to book value we can divest or reinsure the legacy book? And I think getting into the subsegments as you have, I don't think it's a practical way. When we're looking at divestitures, it's very focused on the Legacy and focused on the most efficient way to cleanse the earnings picture with those sub-standard returns so that we can focus our energy on a sustainable return on the operating business. So I think that's the way we look at it. And I don't know if there are any detailed comments on the segments that either Rob or Kevin would like to make.
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: So, Mike, it's Rob. I'll just make a couple quick thoughts. First of all, as it relates to the adjusted accident year loss ratio in Commercial, I'll just restate I'm absolutely confident that we're making the important changes that we've got to make to deliver on our commitment to improve the loss ratio by 6 points. And I probably would point to four quick observations. First, we've absolutely demonstrated the willingness to reduce our premium ratings as we retain the business that we think is important for us to remain focused on our valued client segments. But we've been doing this very consistently throughout the year. You can see that our premium volume in the first nine months of the year is down 16%, including, of course, the effective reinsurance. The second point that I'd make is that, as we show on page 16 of the presentation, the accident year loss ratio dispersion chart shows that we're driving improvements in the mix of business in a very material way. And to put this in context for you, the Remediate and Improve portions of our portfolio have declined by one-third on a dollar basis, from $7.5 billion of premiums in the first nine months of 2015 to $5.1 billion of premium in the first nine months of 2016, showing that where we're reducing premiums is in the Remediate and Improve portions of the portfolio. Actually, in the Grow and Maintain portions of the portfolio, Product Set 1 and Product Set 2A, our premium volume is approximately flat. It's down just about 2%. I'm going to turn it to Kevin for anything further.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I think across the board in Personal Insurance, we've actually enjoyed quite strong margin expansion, including in North America. And in fact, our adjusted combined ratio has improved from 95.9% last year to 92.4% this year, which may be seeming, however, in the loss ratio is that in the third quarter, whilst we have quite a bit of consistency quarter-to-quarter, there is a little bit of volatility. We did have a number of losses that were large, over 2 million, but not quite at the severe level in the third quarter, whereas in the first two quarters, there were really an absence of those. So year-to-date, frankly, we are pretty much where we had expected to be in terms of the loss ratio. Consistent with what we've done in the rest of Personal Insurance, in the North American portfolio, we have worked hard on remediating certain areas of the business, including particularly the warranty, which process is now complete. And we're seeing quite a strong growth in our Private Client Group business, which is one of our leading businesses. So we're quite comfortable with the direction we're going in PI, including the very strong North American franchise.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then maybe, Sid, if I could follow up on your capital management comments. You said that we're seeing the disposition dollars are adding up, but you said, or at least the presentation implied, that you have further confidence in the $25 billion. Sort of adding up all the pieces, I would seem to get above that number. Can you help us reconcile those two points?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I think if you go back to the funding page that we shared with you back in January, we see ourselves as on track on each of those buckets in the funding page. Clearly, from a divestiture standpoint, you can see what we've done both on legacy sales where I think the team, Charlie and the team, have done a great job. And then we have a slew of transactions that are in the process of closing. Once we get to our process of closing transactions, we'll redo our capital plan and proceed at that point. But right now, I think the best way we could put it is we remain confident in our targets.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: So we'll take the next question from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thank you. The first question on the commercial loss ratio reduction on page 16. You see the mix shifting towards the grow and the maintain buckets, but if you'll look at underlying loss ratio for these two buckets you are trying maintain and grow, is actually increasing year over year. I just wonder what's the dynamics there? I just wonder would that basically will increase that, but the loss ratio increase offset some of the improvement you're making in the other two buckets.
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: So, Kai, a couple things. First of all, I think the main message on page 16 is that we're driving our improvement by improving the mix of business. So if you look at products that, 1 and 2, while I would love to retain my loss ratio as low as possible, overall the loss ratio is increased by 3 points overall for products at 1 and 2, from 54% in 2015 to 57% for the first nine months of 2016. So you've got actual market conditions which will be whatever the rate changes are in the market. So as you might imagine, it will be pretty competitive in that space. And second, whenever we do an update to our reserves, we don't wait to make changes to our loss picks. And so to the extent that we have updated our reserve reviews, we've already reflected an increase in our loss pick for product set 1 and 2, where those reserve reviews have been completed. I would note that in product set 2B and 3, where the loss ratio has come down from 79% down to 73% over the first nine months of the year, the main observation I'd drive for you there is that's not because anybody gave me lower loss picks; that's being driven by the fact that we've really fundamentally changed the mix of business and been able to cut out some very poor performing parts of the portfolio.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. My follow-up question is on the divestiture of UGC. Looks like, given the current run rate of earnings for that book, you're probably going to lose more than $500 million pre-tax earnings next year. And how do you plan to offset that, including maybe increasing buybacks to offset the EPS impact?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I think we've disclosed for you that one of the important elements of the transaction is in retaining the quota share, which we view as very valuable and has about $150 million of net income to us. So we view that as critical to looking at how we're managing the overall portfolio.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I would just frame this as, we've got the Legacy portfolio with very low ROE businesses, which we are focused on divesting going forward. This was a business with a very high ROE that we felt would be more valuable in somebody else's hands than ours and improved our risk profile, so we're very much focused on value. The aggregate of the sale price and the reinsurance and the DTA makes this a very attractive net price to us based on any future outlook for that industry, and so the offsetting aspects of earnings dilution through buybacks and redeployment of that capital into other lines of business, is also, in our view, going to improve the quality of earnings to a less cyclical mix. There are many other ways we can obtain exposure to the U.S. housing market on the left-hand side of our balance sheet, which could more than make up for any kind of risk-adjusted earnings that we give up by the sale of UGC.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thank you for taking my question. I guess this is for David (sic) [Rob] (42:41). In the past commentary you said that you had 1.9% loss ratio improvement.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I'm sorry, Josh, who are you directing the question to?
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm sorry, to Rob. You saw 1.9% loss ratio improvement in the Commercial segment based on better underwriting although it seems a lot of that was due to lower severe losses. Although at the same time there were a lot of severe losses in 3Q. So my question is: A, if you think about all the losses that occurred in 3Q last year, would you have had exposure? And, B, do you feel that there's more of a run rate  that a severe loss exposure of AIG has gone down in this re-underwriting process?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Josh, thanks for your question. So let me maybe break this into two components for you. As I think about our longer tail lines, casualty and financial lines, absolutely the 2016 third quarter was better performing than the 2015 third quarter, and even if you remove the fact that we had some increases in the loss picks for healthcare, for example, in the third quarter of last year. So we are simply improving the underwriting performance of the longer tail lines of business. With respect to the shorter tail lines of business, as you commented, there was a better result in severe losses. I also want to point you to the fact that we did announced earlier this year that we purchased a reinsurance program designed to limit some of that volatility in severe losses, and had you apply to that treaty, that reinsurance program to 2015, you would have a lower level of severe losses, even in 2015 using the reinsurance program that we put in place this year. So I think that for sure, there are improvements in the underwriting in the long tail lines. And while there's some volatility in the short tail lines, we had, in fact, made improvements in underwriting, and you have purchased reinsurance in a different way.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So you've never told us what's the budgeted number of severe loss units (44:57) in the new budget would be, but we should assume that going forward AIG's exposure to those severe man-made losses is lower than it was in 2015 or 2014?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: That way it works, Josh, is that the reinsurance that we purchased has an attachment point. So if there were severe losses, a high frequency of severe losses below the attachment to our reinsurance, then yes we could have an elevated level of severe losses. But generally speaking, our expectation is that our purchase of reinsurance will in fact reduce the level of severe losses moving forward.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Well, excellent answer. Thank you for it, and good luck.
Operator: And the next question is from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks. The first question, I'm just curious, Rob, in the adjusted loss ratio for Commercial lines this quarter, how much was current in your development in that loss ratio you said that you adjusted loss picks in the program business?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, I gave that answer in my prepared remarks. That was 1 point, Brian.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Sorry. That was 1 point in the loss ratios. Thank you.
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: That's correct.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: And then, second question, Peter, I'm just curious if I look at your financial targets for 2016, as you commented, all of them pretty much getting close to there except for that book value growth. Maybe we can talk a little bit about why you're not achieving. Is there anything that you kind of learned this year that may make it challenging to meet that type of a target for 2017 as well?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Well, I mean, I think that this year we had some somewhat unusual accounting asymmetries, which have given us a bit of a headwind in addition to some of the other dynamics, but in particular, one, that was sizable, was the asymmetry or the treatment of the significant change in the sterling exchange rate, which impacted the adjusted book value that we're targeting...
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Right.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: ...but had an equal and offsetting gain in AOCI. So on a net basis, it's over $1.2 billion, I think, is that right, Sid?
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, so, Brian, actually we've included an exhibit on page 25 of the conference call presentation which really shows that on the book value per share side we view our growth year-to-date as in the ballpark of 8%, excluding the impact of market volatility. We talked about loss recognition today on legacy structured settlements. The change in reserve discount, which also impacts it...
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: ...as well as some of the non-operating items that Peter mentioned, like the Brexit FX issues. So we think we're on a solid trajectory on book value per share growth at this point in time.
Brian Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I just had a follow-up on the six points of targeted accident year loss ratio improvement out to the end of 2017. Is that exclusive of the help that the loss ratio is currently getting from the UGC quota share?
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Yes.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Understood. And then my follow-up was actually on the reserve release and annuities. And I guess intuitively, I would've thought that lower surrenders in an annuities business would be a bad thing just given where interest rates are. Could you just help us understand why that results in a favorable item?
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, Ryan, it's Sid. I assume you're asking about the DAC locking on fixed annuities...
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Correct. Yeah.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Think about it as lower lapses mean people persist longer, which means there's more absolute dollars of income over time, which then creates the DAC unlocking.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you. And then I guess my last one just quickly was I noticed you moved some new lines in the runoff. So, I mean, I guess I asked the question on the quota share. What's the impact of some of the lines that you moved into runoff on the loss ratio this quarter? In other words, how would it have looked if you didn't move some of those lines into the runoff segment?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, Ryan, it's Rob. We do not  we did not move business into runoff out of Commercial. And to be clear, for example, when we've exited business like Programs, that business that we've exited will continue to run off through my results and not help me until it has been fully earned in the Commercial loss ratio. So that creates a headwind for me. With that headwind, we still reaffirm the fact that because we've been able to terminate that business, that by the end of 2017, we do expect we'll deliver all six points of the loss ratio. Let me ask Sid to comment further.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, Ryan, it's Sid. I think the last time we had a move of items into runoff was in Q1, so you can look back to Q1. The only item of note, I believe, in this quarter is if you look in our financial supplement, we split out the UGC quota share that Rob has talked about to be fully transparent.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to talk a little bit more about the Commercial line's underlying margin. You did point out about two points from property losses and also from the program adverse development of the current year. As we  and so that you've  as we think about the casualty and the specialty books, I guess, within Commercial, how did those books do sequentially on an underlying loss ratio basis when we compare to the Q2?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, so specialty, excluding programs, had a higher loss ratio in the third quarter of 2016 relative to Q2, and also relative to the third quarter of the prior year. The areas of specialty that would have been higher loss ratios would  the single biggest one for the quarter was actually aerospace and that's a short tail line. But I'll point to aerospace, and then as it relates to  relative to prior year, of course, it's environmental as we've exited some business that will continue to run off. As it relates to casualty, we've had much better results. The casualty result is more than three points better in the third quarter of 2016 than it was in the third quarter of 2015, and in part because we've got the reinsurance in place that will continue to earn in with increasing momentum across the course of the year. The benefit of that is better in Q3 than it was in Q2, and it will be better in Q4 than it was in Q3.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then in terms of the capital return plan, we did see a little bit of a sequential slowdown in the Q3, but the  it seems like the liquidity at the holding company did go up in the quarter. So as you think about Q4, I guess we should see a view towards an uptick there given when some of the divestitures and cash came into the company. And then also if you can comment, Sid, on the expected cash dividend from the operating companies in the Q4, if possible. Thank you.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: So, Elyse, I'll start with the first point, which is, yes, you're right, we did slow buybacks in the third quarter because we had two factors in the back of our minds. One, it's tax season and so we wanted to make sure that we were very well prepared for any uncertainty on catastrophes. And secondly, there were a number of transactions as we  I talked about, over five sizable transactions that  signed in the quarter, and we wanted to make sure that we got them over the finish line before we dialed it up. In the fourth quarter, I think it's a good assumption to assume that there'll be a higher pace of buybacks, somewhat constrained by daily trading volumes. And as we look forward, while liquidity is one dimension that calibrates the pace of buybacks, it's only one. We also look at capital, we look at fixed charge coverage ratio, and we are very committed to maintaining an extremely strong balance sheet because that is a core part of our promise to our clients. So I don't know, Sid, if you want to comment further on that.
Siddhartha Sankaran - American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, on the final question, Elyse, on dividends and tax share payments, we never comment on specific quarters. But if you go back to my earlier comments, we look very much on track of our window here in terms of the free cash flow generated from our subsidiaries. We have, I think, one of the strongest track records here in terms of free cash flow generation across our operating subs.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Larry Greenberg with Janney.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning and thank you. I just have a general question on service levels and how you maintain those service levels in the property casualty business while taking out so much cost. Competitors, and I think this is self-serving on their part, have talked about this and say they're capitalizing on some of your challenges. So given how important it is for the long-term sustainability of the franchise, I'm just wondering if you could talk about that topic.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I'll start by my observations when I meet with clients, especially large groups of clients, in our client advisory councils where they give us very candid feedback, many of them have been clients of ours for 20, 30 years. In some cases, they have seen a change in the person who is their account representative. And I'd say that in the first two quarters of this year, they were pretty grumpy and they would complain about the changes. In the third quarter, a number of notable clients came to me and said that the changes we made have been a net improvement in the service quality. We have a hungrier, more focused set of leaders that are more empowered to respond to clients' needs, and they are equipped with better technology than they have before to be responsive. And so I'm very pleased with the overall  obviously, in a company that services 1 million claims a month, there will always be some that go awry and they obviously get more attention than others. But in overall terms, I'm actually very pleased on this particular point, and that's a core part of our strategy going forward, where we can focus our energy on service levels on the clients that need us most, and so that we can be for them. We can't be all things to all people in all countries, and that's a core part of our strategy.
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: And I'll just add one quick thing, Larry. It's Rob. I would just say that we are absolutely relentlessly focused on providing the best service possible to our clients. I would look at multinational as a great example of where we're doing things differently, and I think we're doing things dramatically better. So the feedback that we get from our multinational clients and the key performance indicators that we monitor regarding our speed, the accuracy, the capability that we're bringing to that space are better than they've ever been before. And I credit Carol Barton and her multinational team for some excellent leadership for us in the space.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: I think multinational is one of the most complex to service businesses there is, and I believe year-on-year, the numbers were up about 8.5%. So I think that we're pretty pleased with the way our service level is translating into growth of client business.
Kevin T. Hogan - American International Group, Inc.: And I'd just add one more thing. As we are narrowing our focus, particularly in the Consumer business, we really are focused on value over volume. And we are currently participating in fewer products, fewer distribution channels and fewer geographies, which are allowing us to ensure that the places that we are focusing on, we're well-positioned to win. And so we're doing business in approximately 19 fewer territories than a few years ago and it's allowing us to focus our energy on those places that are our highest priorities.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you very much.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: Operator, I think we...
Operator: And the next...
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: I'm sorry. Operator, I think we only have time for our last question since we're approaching the top of the hour.
Operator: All right. The final question is from Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. A bit of a follow-on to some of the other, but directionally, you've done a lot of heavy lifting in North America P&C. So when we think about premium growth next year directionally, is it going to be more flattish, up or down?
Robert S. Schimek - American International Group, Inc.: Adam, it's Rob. I guess what I would say is put in the transactions that Sid talked about earlier in his comments, so there's a couple of transactions that will impact the Commercial business. They include the Ascot transaction, the MSM transaction and the Fairfax transaction that we described. And those transactions will reduce our net written premium in the vicinity of $700 million in 2017. And then I'd say the other thing that would be an environmental factor for us with premium growth is that when we announced our plan last year in the first quarter, on January 26, we were not able to impact the very important January 1 renewals in Europe in particular, and many of the renewals that we would've had in the first quarter here in the U.S., in North America, where we really do our heavy negotiation of that well in advance of the renewal date. So I would say after we get past the first quarter, I expect our premiums, absent the three transactions that I described, to be relatively flat, maybe modest growth. But in the first quarter, especially thinking about the January 1 renewals and the fact that we'll continue to make sure we're using our risk selection tools to the best of our ability, we will have some reduction in premium in the first quarter. I think in total, it's probably accurate to say something like, including the three transactions, about a $1 billion reduction in premium in 2017 is probably about a fair benchmark for you.
Peter D. Hancock - American International Group, Inc.: Adam, consistent with our commitment to value versus volume, we have been proactive in getting our expenses down and returning excess capital to shareholders so that we are less concerned about that top-line number than perhaps others, because we really want to improve the quality and sustainability of our earnings rather than just the volume. And I think that the team has done an excellent job of getting ahead of the curve on expenses so that we won't see a retreat on the expense ratio as the top line is impacted by some of these tough decisions to exit either lines of business, locations or customer segments where we don't feel we're getting adequate returns on capital.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Elizabeth A. Werner - American International Group, Inc.: So, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning on our earnings call. I would like to answer all your questions, so if we didn't get to you this morning, please don't hesitate to reach out to us directly and we will be sure to follow up. Operator?
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc. Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to AIG's Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Liz Werner. Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Lauren. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations. They are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this, include the factors described in our first and second quarter Form 10-Q and our 2015 Form 10-K under management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for today's presentation and in our financial supplement, both of which are available on our website. Nothing in today's presentation or in any oral statements made in connection with this presentation, is intended to constitute nor shall it deem to constitute any offer of any securities for sale or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. As in past calls, we will take one question per analyst and caller and we will ask you to get back in the queue so that we can handle as many questions as possible. You will be muted after you ask your question. So please do get back in the queue and as always please reach out to us at the end of the call if in fact, we don't get to every question this morning. With that, I would like to turn it over to our speakers today. We have our CEO, Peter Hancock; our CFO, Sid Sankaran; and many others in the room, including our Head of Commercial, Rob Schimek; and the Head of Consumer, Kevin Hogan. With that, Peter, I'll turn it to you.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everyone. This morning I will speak briefly to our performance this quarter as well as our outlook and ongoing transformation. AIG's second quarter results showed strong improvement towards all the goals the board and I announced in January. We've executed more quickly and smoothly than expected and our confidence in reaching our 2017 financial targets is high as our earnings become more sustainable. In the second quarter, we continued to execute and delivered strong operating earnings of $0.98 per share, including a $0.17 charge from the worker's compensation discount, which Sid will discuss. Adjusted commercial insurance underwriting improved again this quarter, which Rob will speak to. Consumer's expense discipline also resulted in increased profitability, particularly in Personal Insurance and Kevin will address this in his remarks. Across AIG we are simplifying the company, accelerating our decision-making and adhering to a consistent management philosophy. We're executing on our objectives of managing our core operating portfolios to increase return on equity and managing our legacy portfolio for capital return. As we had previously announced, Charlie Shamieh is leading a team focused on our legacy portfolio and is actively moving forward. Our managerial discipline across AIG is based on a guiding principle of building economic value, which is consistently applied throughout the company. We frequently discuss our focus on value over volume when speaking to commercial underwriting and the value of new business for consumer businesses. The flexibility we have earned by focusing on expense discipline and growth in segments with sustainable value has allowed us to maintain positive operating leverage, while we have reduced our top line aggressively. Normalized ROE was 8.8% for both the quarter and the first six months of this year. Our operating improvements and return of capital will continue to positively impact ROE, and we're solidly on track to deliver full year normalized ROE in our targeted range of 8.4% to 8.9%. As a reminder, our third quarter normalized ROE will reflect a higher level of expected catastrophe losses. Book value per share, excluding AOCI and DTA and including dividend growth, increased 5% in the quarter, and we continue to expect to achieve double-digit growth for the full year. Our confidence in the future is based on our focus on what we can control. Our active value management framework for capital allocation and product design allows us to navigate through volatile markets. At this time AIG's transformation to a more efficient and nimble organization is more important than ever. We anticipate and address challenges such as sustained low interest rates, Brexit and other market forces across our strategies. Sid will follow my remarks with greater transparency on the impact of low interest rates specifically. In the case of Brexit, we believe we're well-positioned, given our branch structure. It may be some time before the requirements associated with Brexit are known and any potential economic impact from Brexit materializes. We're positioning AIG for changing economics, political and regulatory environments and for future earnings sustainability. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Sid.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning I'll speak to our quarterly financial results, including notable items. I'll also discuss the impact of the current interest rate environment and close with comments on capital management. Turning to slide four, our core operating earnings showed good progress this quarter, with strong underwriting results, particularly with respect to the commercial accident year loss ratio as adjusted and expense discipline across AIG. In addition, UGC delivered another quarter of solid results, driven by improved loss experience and growth in net premiums earned. Our year-on-year comparisons were impacted by four items of note. First, the workers' compensation discount amounted to a $300 million charge this quarter versus a $400 million benefit a year ago. The workers' compensation discount rate adjustments are recorded in earnings, while offsetting changes in the fair value of securities backing these liabilities are recorded to AOCI. This results in minimal impact to reported book value. Accordingly, when we report our normalized ROE, we remove this non-economic change in net reserve discount. A 25 basis point change in the discount rate, which is comprised of the U.S. Treasury rate plus an assumed credit spread, has a roughly $100 million pre-tax impact to $125 million pre-tax impact on reported earnings. The second item was a modest $29 million of overall net unfavorable prior year reserve development, compared to a net unfavorable development of $329 million a year ago. Included in the quarter was a $109 million strengthening of Florida workers' compensation reserves, partially offset by favorable reserve development in Property and Specialty lines. The Florida workers' compensation reserve increase was due to recent industry-wide Florida court rulings, which occurred during the quarter. The judgments created an increased liability for previous years, which made a reserve increase in this segment prudent. AIG has a 5% market share in Florida and an average market share of 8% for the past 10-year and 15-year periods. The third item was that Q2 was our highest natural catastrophe quarter since Hurricane Sandy in 2012. We had higher cat losses in the quarter of $414 million compared to the roughly in-line level of $225 million in catastrophes for the prior year. The final item was the meaningful change in market-sensitive asset returns, as shown on slide five. Overall, the impact of last year's outsized Q2 returns and our actions to reduce market-sensitive assets resulted in approximately $1 billion decline in mark-to-market income versus a year ago. However, of note in the quarter, these assets contributed just under $300 million to income, which was close to our expectations. Our steps to reduce market exposure will allow for more sustainable, and less volatile earnings going forward. Since 2010, our market-sensitive assets have declined by over 40% or by $19 billion. Turning to slide six, we provided an overview of the impact interest rates may have on our in-force as well as on new business for key portfolios. With respect to the in-force, we have a strong discipline around asset liability management, led by our Chief Investment Officer, Doug Dachille. We see limited in-force impact on long-tail casualty, where assets are slightly longer than liabilities and on variable annuities, where in 2014, we made a decision to fully hedge the interest rate risk on living benefits, which is accounted for at fair value. On Fixed Annuities, approximately 72% of the book is already at guaranteed minimum crediting rates. The sustained low rates may reduce the lenders, and we see potential spread compression from declining portfolio yields. We are projecting a two basis-point to four basis-point quarterly decline in net spreads. On our Life business and legacy structured settlements, while we're exposed to some potential ALM mismatch on the long end of the curve due to limited investible assets, its impact on earnings in the next few years is modest, although it will grow somewhat over a very long time horizon with reinvestment. On new business, we maintained a continued focus on pricing, product design and risk management across AIG. We expect some ROE compression in long-tail casualty. However, we continue to push on pricing and risk selection. For our annuity businesses, we expect the primary impact to be a decline in volumes as we frequently reevaluate our products to ensure that we're meeting our return targets. Considering both the in-force and new business we're presenting a scenario to illustrate the potential headwinds to our January 26 stated targets from the current environment. The 2017 average 10-year treasury rate assumption that was used in our plan was 2.6%. Assuming interest rates are 100 basis points lower than our original 2.6% assumption, we would anticipate a potential 25-basis-point to 35-basis point reduction in 2017 normalized ROE, based on a decline in normalized pre-tax operating income of $250 million to $350 million. However, if rates were to move steadily higher from the levels today back to our initial projection, we would not expect this impact to materialize. Also, as Peter said, our guiding philosophy is around managing to economic value. Since year-end, we estimate the decline in interest rate and markets has impacted our estimate of intrinsic value by approximately 5%. Despite the challenging interest rate environment we remain committed to our stated targets. We believe that our ability to manage our expense and capital structure, as we will discuss, where we are ahead of plan, give us the ability to withstand potential 2017 earnings pressures. Turning to slide seven, we've executed against our plan and have reduced operating expenses by 11% year-to-date on a constant dollar basis. While the pace of this improvement should slow in the second half of the year we expect to exceed the 6% targeted GOE decline for the full year. Our expense reduction targets are carefully aligned against our projections of new business volumes to meet our objective of improving operating leverage. Slide eight shows the expansion of our second-quarter normalized ROE to 8.8%. This improvement reflected almost $15 billion of capital return to shareholders since the second quarter of 2015, as well as continued improvement in normalized operating results. Slide nine shows strong growth and book value, driven by earnings, realized capital gains, our estimated DTA utilization and accretive share repurchases during the quarter. Turning to capital, on slide 10, we continue to execute against our $25 billion capital return target and have returned $7.2 billion of capital to shareholders for the first half of the year. During the quarter we deployed about $2.8 billion towards the purchase of 50 million common shares, and we also repurchased five million of our outstanding warrants for $90 million. Since quarter-end and through August 2, we repurchased an additional $698 million of common shares. Our remaining authorization stands at approximately $4 billion, including the new $3 billion authorization announced yesterday. Our balance sheet remains very strong, with $6.7 billion of parent liquidity, a financial leverage ratio below 20% and RBC and rating agency capital ratios that continue to remain within our targets. With respect to the key levers funding our capital return target, free cash flow continued to be strong in the second quarter as shown on slide 11. We announced that we would reduce our hedge fund allocation by about half, which we expect would free up $2 billion of capital towards our capital return target by the end of 2017. Submitted notices of redemption are $4.2 billion and through the second quarter, proceeds have freed up approximately $400 million of capital in our Life companies, which have come up to the holding company in the form of dividend payments. Additionally, distributions from the Life companies during the quarter included $315 million from the sale of AIG Advisor Group. We continue to make solid progress on monetizing legacy assets with $4.3 billion of total free cash flow generated over the last three quarters. During the quarter, the holding company recognized $500 million of proceeds, largely from the sale of the PICC Group stake held at parent to the non-Life companies. We've completed the majority of unencumbered assets dispositions or transferred, outlined in our January 26 strategic plan, as of the end of the second quarter. Charlie Shamieh and his team are focused on the disposition process going forward for many of the insurance liabilities and legacy, which we've ticked off for several portfolios. It is important to note that some of the legacy insurance portfolios will have more extended time frames for exit. We'll provide further disclosure at year end with our modular segment reporting for legacy and provide additional information on a timely basis as we close any material transactions that are in progress. As Peter stated, we're focused on continued execution of our strategic plan that we first outlined in January, providing you with additional disclosure as we progress throughout 2016. Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Sid, and good morning, everyone. Commercial had a strong second quarter despite the backdrop of a generally soft market. Today I'll discuss how the execution of our strategic plan is improving commercial mix of business and creating a leaner, more focused and profitable organization. We're committed to making economic-based decisions while we remain true to our vision of being our clients' most valued insurer. Turning to slide 13, commercial's adjusted accident year loss ratio of 62.4% improved 4.2 points from the prior year quarter with 3.4 points related to the strategic actions we announced in January and 0.8 points attributable to a lower level of severe losses. We reduced second quarter net premium ratings earnings by 20% after adjusting for foreign exchange as part of reshaping of the portfolio. About half of the change was driven by increasing our use of reinsurance, the targeted exits we communicated in the first quarter and market headwinds from lower rates. The vast majority of the other half was attributable to underwriting actions in poorer performing sub-segments of Casualty and Property. These actions included addressing unprofitable single or two product client relationships and micro segmentation and re-underwriting of risks using enhanced analytic tools. As always, we make underwriting decisions initially on a product basis and then on a client-by-client basis taking a holistic view across each client relationship. We've placed a priority on limiting disruption for our clients and broker partners and preserving the strength of our valued multi-line client relationships. Retention for our major clients remained very healthy at about 94% on a year-to-date basis. Our objective is to deploy our capital in higher performing sub-segments where we earn our target rate of return. The market is practicing less restraint and we've taken advantage of the opportunity to shed underperforming and highly commoditized businesses while having the flexibility to retain more attractive risks with the same clients. As a result of the pace of our actions and underwriting discipline, we're updating our 2016 full year estimates to reflect us managing net premiums written down by a total of approximately $3 billion in 2016 as we seek to optimize our portfolio. Globally, rates were down about a point reflecting competitive international conditions, while overall rates in the U.S. were about flat. U.S. casualty rates continued their positive trend, increasing over 4.5 points and rates were up two points in our specialty businesses. Partially offsetting those increases, we continued to observe pressure in the excess and surplus lines property business and we saw more aggressive pricing in financial lines where rates decreased about 2%. I'm pleased to say that during the first half of 2016 we recorded double-digit growth in several lines, where we are a market leader and offer a compelling value proposition including M&A, middle-market property, cyber and credit lines. In addition, multi-national programs increased by approximately 9%, demonstrating our enduring advantage in this important client segment and we continued to experience growth in large-limit properties. We're placing emphasis on investing in analytics and engineering capabilities to offer our clients unique data-driven insights that go beyond traditional risk transfer capabilities. Switching gears to expenses, I'm happy to share our GOE ratio improved 1.2 points in the quarter as a result of AIG's expense initiatives. We expect that expenses will continue to decline, although at a more modest pace, in the second half of the year. The GOE ratio will likely trend slightly upward from its current level as the impact of our lower written premiums earn in during the remainder of 2016 and 2017. With that said, we're proud that the improvements in our loss ratio are not expected to be significantly offset by deterioration of our expense ratio. Slide 14 shows the continued improvements in commercial's adjusted accident year loss ratio between 2011 and the second quarter of 2016, including the effect of 2012 through 2015 prior period development in each accident year. The second quarter result of 62.4% represents a 3.8 point improvement over the full year of 2015, reflecting the impact of our strategic initiatives to improve the loss ratio. Our team is doing a terrific job executing against our plan and we've received excellent support from our clients and broker partners, who recognize the value of a strong AIG standing by their side. We remain confident that we will reach our previously announced 62% exit run rate target for 2016. As we've stated in the past, we do not expect our progress to be linear. Notwithstanding this quarter's performance and the low level of severe losses our results are subject to volatility, particularly in property. Late in the quarter we put in place a focused reinsurance agreement for classes of business that have generated the greatest volatility in our international property business. We're also pleased that we've been able to avoid several recent notable losses in property as a result of our engineering and risk selection capabilities. These actions should dampen the past volatility we've experienced but we will continue to have a degree of exposure to risks that are difficult to predict. Slide 15 is the same slide we provided last quarter, updated to show the change in our business mix and adjusted accident year loss ratio between 2015 and the first half of 2016 using three business strategy groupings; grow, maintain or improve and remediate. I'll highlight four points. First, the business we want to grow and maintain has increased from half of our premiums in 2015 to 60% of premiums through the first half of 2016. The weighted average adjusted accident year loss ratio was an attractive 56% through the first six months of 2016, which is broadly in line with the full year 2015 result of 54%. During the quarter we continued to focus on growing these highly profitable areas of the business and investing in its clients. Second, the business we're remediating decreased from 15% of the portfolio in 2015 to 9% through the first six months of the year and the accident year loss ratio has improved from 91% in 2015 to 84% over that time. Our improvements are the result of the exits we announced in the first quarter and the fact that we've not been writing new business that falls in this worst performing group. Third, the business that we're seeking to improve declined from 35% of premiums in 2015 to 31% of premiums in the first half of 2016 while the accident year loss ratio improved six points from 73% to 67% over that time. Our client and risk selection strategies and expansion of reinsurance were the primary drivers of those changes. Finally, collectively the business that we're remediating and the business that we're improving declined from half of the portfolio in 2015 to 40% for the first six months of 2016, while the weighted average accident year loss ratio improved by seven points from 79% to 72% over that time. As you can see from this slide we've achieved significant improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio by truly transforming our portfolio. In closing, the second quarter was marked by focus on our strongest performing businesses and most valued client relationships, while we continue to execute our strategic actions. The results are a testament to the commitment and pace with which we're implementing our plan, which provides me with the confidence that we will achieve the targets we've communicated. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Despite a challenging economic and regulatory environment, Consumer Insurance produced solid results for the quarter on an overall basis, reflecting the benefits of our diversified portfolio of retirement, Life and Personal Insurance businesses. Before specifically addressing the results I would like to briefly provide some context. We are pleased that the benefits from a number of our strategic initiatives are positively emerging in our results. For example, our focused strategy in Personal Insurance and investments we been making in Japan have lowered our overall expense ratio while producing profitable premium growth in select areas including our high net-worth client group business. In Group Retirement, the investments we've made to enhance both our plan sponsor service and participant experiences are starting to pay off in both our acquisition and retention activities. For our U.S. Life business, we are realizing meaningful cost benefits from the consolidation of numerous risk policy administration and field compensation systems into modern common platforms. Realizing these types of benefits from our strategic initiatives is particularly important as our businesses face various challenges associated with economic and regulatory environment. In particular industry variable annuity sales are being pressured due to volatile equity markets and uncertainty about the DOL fiduciary rule. We are confident we will be prepared in time for implantation of the DOL rule and we remain in active discussions with our distribution partners as they determine their chosen paths for implementation, which we will in turn support. The combination of our leading market positions across annuity product lines and our multichannel distribution network positions us well to respond to various market conditions and regulatory landscapes. Also, recent actions we have taken in our U.S. retirement and Life proprietary distribution channels make us more nimble with respect to changing market conditions. With the completion of the sale of AIG Advisor Group during the quarter going forward nearly 100% of our retail variable annuity sales will be from third-party independent distribution. Separately in January of this year we substantially reduced our Life career distribution channel. Independent distribution accounted for over 80% of our U.S. Life sales here today. At this time our main proprietary distribution channels are our valid financial advisors who play a key role in serving our Group Retirement plan sponsors and participants and our direct-to-consumer business, AIG Direct. Increasing our focus on independent distribution reduces our fixed cost burden and enables us to change emphasis in product sales according to opportunity, as we maintain pricing discipline. Across our businesses we are constantly looking for new opportunities to reduce costs and variabilize expenses. Now I will briefly discuss the results of the quarter. Turning to retirement on slide 17, we saw 6% growth in retirement sales from a year ago. Growth was led by Fixed Annuities, Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement, while variable annuity sales declined, reflecting industry challenges. Fixed Annuity sales rose significantly from the low levels in the prior-year quarter although sales and net flows declined sequentially reflecting lower interest rates during the quarter as well as a more competitive market environment. We continue to maintain our Fixed Annuity pricing and asset quality disciplines. Group Retirement benefited from higher deposits and lower surrenders, resulting in improved net flows. While these results reflect the investments we've made in the business including our client-focused technology platform, competition in this space remains robust. While variable annuity sales and net flows have been impacted by the uncertainty surrounding the DOL rules and market volatility we are maintaining our pricing and product discipline to navigate these uncertainties. These challenges validate our strategy of offering a broad portfolio of product solutions to meet our clients' needs. As you can see on slide 18, we continue to maintain our discipline in managing crediting rates and net spreads. Trends in the quarterly reported base yields and spreads are impacted by volatility associated with bond accretion and commercial loan prepayment income. Looking forward, and Sid mentioned, absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, we expect our net spreads will decline by approximately two to four basis points per quarter. Turning to slide 19, lifestyle growth in premiums and deposits of 5% from the same period last year on a constant-dollar basis. Operating comparisons reflected more favorable mortality experience. U.S. Life sales showed good growth from the same period last year particularly in term life. Our positive sales trends in Life reflect the evolution of our distribution strategy and further development of independent distribution. We are also making progress in transactions supporting our previously announced plans to reinsure our remaining redundant reserves. We will provide you with updates on these transactions as they are completed. Turning to slide 20, I'm happy to report that Personal Insurance reported another strong quarter of operating performance. The operating improvement reflected our strategic actions to reduce expenses including direct marketing costs as well as early emergence of operating benefits from investments in Japan and other select markets. While we continue to expect that expenses will be the key lever to future margin expansion and Personal Insurance, progress will not be linear quarter-to-quarter due to the nature of our ongoing investments, including in Japan. With respect to Japan, we remain focused on delivering current results while preparing for the successful execution of the legal merger, as previously reported. To close, I am pleased with the progress we are making against our strategic priorities across all of our consumer businesses and we remain focused on continuing to execute on our plan. Now I would like to turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, can we open up now for Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hi, Kai? Hello? Kai?
Operator: Your line is open.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Can you hear me?
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Yes.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thank you. So first, my question is on the 62.4% core loss ratio in commercial lines. I just wonder how much more will each of the buckets, reinsurers as well as underwriting actions, contribute to future reduction in that loss ratio? Can you talk more about how do you deal with these multi accounts and which you need to take some actions?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Kai, it's Rob Schimek. So first of all let me just refer you back to page 15 of our presentation, and let me make a quick observation for you. In total, through the first six months of the year, our premiums have declined by approximately $1.9 billion, and what you can see is that, because the left-hand side of this chart, Product Set 1 and Product Set 2A, have stayed  they've increased proportionally, but dollar amount wise it's very close to flat on a first six months of 2016 versus first six months of 2015 basis. So what you can see is that almost all of our decline in premium volumes has come from Product Set 2B and Product Set 3, which is the improve and remediate buckets of our business. The weighted average loss ratio of the business that is no longer being written out of Product Set 2B and Product Set 3 was approximately 90%. So you're talking about literally having not written business that ran at a loss ratio of 90% last year and now the business we're still writing in Product Set 2B and Product Set 3 have a weighted average loss ratio of about 72%. So I give you that to say that we've truly reduced the amount of writings in those lines of business and what you can see is we did that without significantly disrupting the business we wanted to grow and maintain in Product Set 1 and Product Set 2B. I would generally say to you we continue to be focused on remediating and improving that right-hand side of the page, and our real objective would be how much more can we improve that without disrupting the business we want to grow and the business we want to maintain. The last observation that I'll make for you here is that our primary emphasis is on maintaining our multi-line client relationships and the percentages that you see here on page 15 are probably generally speaking in line with what you might expect us to continue to work toward for the full year 2016.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore ISI.
Thomas Gallagher - Evercore ISI: Good morning. Another question for Rob. So if I look at the year-over-year improvement on Commercial P&C, it looks like you actually had more coming from international instead of North American Commercial. Now I've been thinking that the story of pruning the underperforming casualty plus the impact of reinsurance should be concentrated on the North American side. I'm not sure if I have that right, but that's been my assumption up until now. And if that's so, does that suggest that international is running ahead of plan and North America is more in line? Or can you shed some light on that?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: So Tom, thanks for your question. I would first say that yes. This is very much a story about business mix,. And what you can see is that the business in North America was what  was our primary target when it came to reinsurance. And so when we did our reinsurance agreements that I described in the first quarter, those reinsurance agreements really focused around North American casualty business. We continue to see, broadly speaking, our international business as attractive and are continuing to try to grow in most lines, in particular, in our multi-line multinational business. With that said, we see opportunities on a kind of selective basis to remediate, even faster, some of the business that was in product set 3 and the business that was in product set 2 in North America, partly because the market's been just pretty aggressive. And if the market's aggressive and we have an opportunity without disrupting the broader relationships to remediate to improve faster in North America, we're happy to do it. I think surely property in the U.S. is a very important part of the story. As I mentioned in my opening comments, property rates are down in the U.S. in the excess and surplus lines property business and so we have, in fact, reduced the amount of writings that we're doing in the E&S property space and we will continue to be very thoughtful about the property business we do write. We're focused on our highly engineered lines, in middle-market, in large limit where we have a sustainable, competitive advantage and where we think our engineering capabilities can help reduce the likelihood of a loss in the first place for our clients.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. The implied decline in commercial property casualty insurance in 2016 is around 15%. I realize introducing new reinsurance arrangements has a pretty big influence on that. Do you envision positive growth in 2017?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Jay, thanks for the question. I think the market will dictate a lot for us because we really want to take advantage of where we see opportunities. In some cases, what I can tell you for sure is, we do expect for 2017 to show opportunities for growth in lines of business that we've been targeting. So we do expect that we'll continue to see growth in multinational, in our highly engineered property lines of business, in financial lines for us, more broadly, but a lot of this will be dictated by where we see opportunity to further shape the portfolio, whether that's in the U.S. or internationally based off of market conditions. But in general, I think that you should expect that 2017 premiums, overall, will not significantly grow from the level we close out at, at the end of 2016.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. You guys talked about the changes in the Florida worker's comp market, obviously, addressing that with your reserves. I got to tell you we haven't heard much of anything from other companies and I'm wondering, do you believe you are acting more quickly than others in this regard?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Jay. It's Sid. Yeah, in this case, look, we believe we reacted to new information. There were court rulings in the second quarter and they were, obviously, unexpected and we do see this as an industry event. So it's an important set of rulings and we responded quickly as we told you we would around reserving.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Just for Rob, just thinking about the shift here, I mean, you're clearly shifting away from casualty on a net basis towards property. How should we be thinking about Cat load and severe losses from here? I mean, you mentioned some reinsurance in international commercial, but it looked like severe losses were a little bit lighter in the U.S. in the second quarter and, really, the first half of the year. So just want to get an understanding of whether or not you've taken any actions on the reinsurance side as far as property is concerned. Thanks.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: So Mike, thanks for the question. I can't resist to take a quick moment to say  to put a plug in for our casualty team. We've got the best casualty team in this business and we will absolutely pursue opportunities to raise casualty business where we think we can get the proper pricing and where we think we can deliver value for our clients. With respect to property, let me make three key observations for you. The first thing I want to say is that over the past few years you'll see that we've been very actively managing our P&L to make sure that we manage the amount of exposure that we have to catastrophes. We've done that by reducing some of our risks, for example, in the Gulf Coast here in the United States, and being willing to take exposures around the world where we think that along the efficient frontier there's probably better opportunity between the risk reward trade-off for pricing and risk. The second thing that I would observe for you is that we've really done a lot of work to build our engineering capabilities in property, as you know. And the growth that you see in property is coming very much through our middle market and our large-limit, highly engineered property space where we really think we have a competitive advantage and where we think we have the ability to change our loss ratio in a positive way. And the third point that I would make is that absolutely, we believe that reinsurance provides an opportunity for us here. As I mentioned in my comments we did take advantage in the second quarter of the opportunity to use reinsurance in a strategic manner to reduce the level of volatility associated with severe losses coming from the property book. We entered into that agreement at the end of the second quarter. So we think that we'll see much more of the benefit from that moving forward in the rest of 2016 and into 2017.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Another one for Rob. I guess, just looking at the components of the reduction in GOE, it looks like one driver has been loss adjustment expense. And I guess coincidently, that's also been a pretty good tailwind for the improvement in the accident year loss ratio in Commercial. I'm just trying to get a feel for, I guess, how much of the four points to six points of the four this year and six next year in accident year loss ratio improvement was supposed to come from that versus kind of the way I think we had been thinking about it, which was mix shift, risk selection and reinsurance.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Ryan, thanks for your question. The first thing I would say to you is I know that you should walk away understanding that about three-tenths of a point of the improvement in our adjusted accident year loss ratio comes from loss adjustment expenses. When you look at page nine of the financial supplement and you're trying to make sure that you can sort of reconcile that thought, just remember that any of the GOE that we put into loss adjustment expenses is effectively deferred and amortized in like a DAC type of concept. And so therefore, you need to be thinking about what is the effect in the adjusted loss ratio on an amortized basis. And so three-tenths of a point is the right answer for you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Rob, back to you again. I was wondering, could you give us a sense of what the year-over-year benefit to the underlying loss ratios were in commercial from reinsurance, ceded reinsurance, and also the combined ratio?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Let's see. Let me give you this as maybe a way to observe this for you. One, just remember that, I said this in my opening comments, if our total premium decline was 20% in the quarter after foreign exchange, about half of that came from reinsurance and our exit end-market headwind. So you could dissect that piece a little bit further and let me help you. I commented already that rates, so the market headwind for rates was about 1%. I commented that, that would then leave you with 9% of the decline associated with reinsurance and exits. If you thought about the exits, about $500 million worth of business is what we've exited, which is pretty small. It's about 2.5% of the $20 billion of premium that we wrote last year. So you might think of the benefit from exits as being something like, let's call it two to three points. And so if you  if you said hey, he explained 10% through reinsurance exits and market headwinds, I think it's pretty fair to say that you've probably got about six points of your reduction in premium coming from reinsurance. And so that's the effect that it had on the reinsurance. And then as you want to know what effect it had on the loss ratio just remember most of that happened in Product Set 2B and Product Set 3, but Product Set 2B. So you can see the loss ratio on the dispersion chart that we show on page 15.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Following the quarter's rate increases in Casualty and Specialty, can you talk about where your rates sort of compare to overall market rates?
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer: I think our rates are consistent with market rates.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: ... market rates before these increases?
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer: We compete in a highly competitive market every day. I would tell you that when we lose business, more often than not we're losing business to a competitor who quoted a lower rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking the call, and, Craig, congratulations on obviously making a ton of progress in the quarter. So Peter, I was hoping to have just a bit of a strategic question for you. So earlier in sort of this journey there was a lot of debate and concern as to whether perhaps AIG was sort of too big to succeed. Your modularity approach seemed like a logical way of pivoting the conversation and making it a more manageable series of businesses. I'm wondering if you can talk about, now that you've got six months on sort of in the real world of like, your guys' day jobs, what that has actually translated into; systems, people, staffing, new ways of underwriting. And then walk us through a little bit how you think that informs how we should think about that informing the future, how far modularity goes and perhaps just a bit of an update on your sort of broader sort of divestiture strategy? Thank you.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: So I think that, as the last 20 minutes has illustrated, the focus on the sub-segmentation of the commercial business, as illustrated in the dispersion chart is just one example of modularity in action. That chart has 80 individual dots. Each of those dots is a module, and our ability to grow some and shrink others is indicative of what we're doing throughout the organization as we segment our business by product, by geography, by customer segment, by distribution channel and make differentiated managerial decisions to allocate capital where we're being properly rewarded, where we have long term competitive advantage and pulling back and even exiting where we don't. And the information technology to be able to do that in ever more precise ways and the ability to not be overly swayed by the past but have better predictive analytics about the future, about loss trends and customer demand is what we're talking about. We clearly recognize the need to illustrate that through more transparency and I hope you find what we're doing to show modularity in action within the Commercial book helpful in anticipating where else we're applying the same managerial discipline. And as we've promised in January, we'll be talking about modular results at the sort of high level of nine sub-segments of AIG by the end of this year with full capital allocation and ROEs of those segments. But that is really still at a very high altitude compared to what in our day jobs, to use your language, we're doing, to make AIG and reshape it into our clients' most valued insurer, which is to focus it where we have the greatest relevance to our target client segments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse B. Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Yes. Good morning. If we go back to slide 15 and kind of the product sets that you've laid out, I was just wondering if you can kind of talk to, if there were any kind of favorable or unfavorable impacts within any of the product sets that might impact sequential loss ratios as we think about the balance of 2016?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Elyse, I guess the best way for me to think about that is what you're really seeing here on page 15 is simply change in mix. I want to highlight for you that we've only just begun to earn in what is this change of mix that you're seeing on page 15. So the future impact is that this net written premium earns in much more in Q3 and in Q4, so this mix of business you should feel coming through the loss ratio as we go through the year in even greater way. As it relates to loss picks et cetera, I can only tell you that every quarter we review the loss picks with the actuaries and for sure we had increased the loss picks in places where we believed that the market headwinds indicate that the loss experience has been greater then we initially expected at the beginning of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. I just had a question on expenses, just on the sustainability of the expense ratio, you mentioned the ratio could increase because of lower premiums. I'm wondering if you expect expenses to continue to decline over the next year-and-a-half? And then related to that, just wondering what your ultimate expectation is for restructuring costs. I think expected restructuring costs have been going up. In your most recent Q it was $1 billion, at the end of the previous quarter, it was $900 million; at the end of the year it was $700 million. So what's your expectation of how much the restructuring costs that you're passing below the line will end up being ultimately?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Jimmy, it's Rob Schimek. I'm going to just answer the first part of that and let Sid have the second half. As it relates again to the expense ratio just go back to what I said in my opening comments. In my opening comments I made it clear expenses have come down and we expect them to continue to come down in the remainder of 2016 and into 2017 consistent with the actions that Peter outlined and what our strategic actions were that were described in January. With that said, the lower level of earned premiums, earns in over the course of the remainder of 2016 and 2017 and because of that, you'll see a slight upward movement in the expense ratio but again the most important point, we would expect to reduce our loss ratio by four points this year and we do not expect to give that up in the combined ratio by having an offsetting increase in the expense ratio. We expect to be able to hold our ground on the expense ratio.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Jimmy, it's Sid. On the second question, we obviously don't project out our forecast future restructuring costs but you should expect as we take management actions you could see additional restructuring costs and you'll see that updated each quarter in our disclosure.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I just want to make another point here about expense control and how we're looking at it. A lot of people when they talk about expenses quickly jump to ratios or certain sub-segments of expenses like the corporate section or whatever. We feel that the only way to make sure we have sustainable expense discipline is to look holistically at the entire fixed cost base of the company regardless of how it's classified in LAE or in corporate or whatever and keep that number coming down in a sustainable way. And that will then feed all of the ratios that we care about over time but importantly ROE and give us a sustainable ROE above our cost of capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks, and good morning. Just very quickly going back to the discussion on commercial, AOI ex-cat LR of 62.4% now, that was roughly 400 basis point improvement over 2015. Your prior goal was 400 basis points by Q4, 2016 and 600 by Q4, 2017. Do you think it would be fair that there could be a possibility that you could hit your targets sooner than anticipated if you continue on this trajectory?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Amit, as I mentioned in my opening comments, there is volatility in the results associated in particular with unexpected losses we can get at any time in property or any of our other shorter tail lines. We stand by our initial expectation that we've communicated with no change.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg with Janney.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning and thank you. I'm not sure if this is for Sid or Kevin but I think you guys do your actuarial review for Life in the third quarter and I just am wondering if you could give us any visibility on that. And how sensitive your profit assumptions are to investment returns and the sensitivity of those embedded returns to the alternative portfolio? So just wondering if there's any thoughts on that?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Larry. It's Sid here. Yeah, we do, do our actuarial assumption review in the third quarter. It's too early to tell. The one area, which we've highlighted for you, is in the legacy structured settlements where we've done some historical gains harvesting, but the work is still not complete. So we look to the third quarter call where we'll update you a little bit further on that
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. As far as share buyback capital return, you're definitely reducing P&C, but particularly property, which is capital-intensive. And then I think you mentioned that you're looking at ways to reinsure redundant Life reserves. Longer term does that open the door for greater than expected share buyback or greater than forecast share buyback?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Adam. It's Sid. Why don't I try and tackle some of the items you mentioned a little more holistically, if it's helpful there. We regularly review our forecasts and we remain confident in our commitments on capital return. As I look at where we are today and a little more color on the funding walk that we previously shared with you. First legacy asset monetizations have been ahead of where we initially projected. So we feel positive about that. And then secondly, I think going forward I would expect us to exceed the $5 billion to $7 billion funding target from dispositions given where we are today at this particular point in time. That said, given how closely we monitor this there are always some period to period changes in our funding projections. So on dividends and tax sharing payments we remain roughly in line with our projections and they'll have some variability with market conditions and statutory capital. Our leverage remains in line, so it remains a very healthy under 20%. Hedge fund redemptions are on schedule and there the proceeds are market-dependent, of course. And then finally with respect to both Life reinsurance and UGC, on UGC, there's an S-1 out there so I'm limited in what I can say other than I believe we're on track towards our separation. And on Life reinsurance, we continue to make progress and we'll comment further once we have something that we believe is disclosable. So the punchline to that is, still on track and we're looking forward greatly, to updating you further next quarter.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: As we get to the top of the hour, I'd just like to end with some closing comments. I'm very pleased with this quarter. I'm very proud of the hard work of all of the employees that have made such a great job of the improvements that we have evidenced in this quarter and shown progress in achieving our longer-term goals. But I want to remind everybody, both our employees, our shareholders, our customers, that we're very much on a journey here. We're in the second quarter of an eight quarter journey to return the company to a level of profitability, which we feel is compelling. And we want to do so while investing in talent and technology so that we  for the long term, so that we remain relevant to our clients as the world around us changes rapidly. And so this is a measured progress. I'm pleased with the results. I'm pleased with the progress, but we still have a long way to go and I think we got to stay very, very focused on execution and I'm just thrilled at the hard work of our employees, all of them, for their focus on executing this very important plan. Thank you very much, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc. Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer
Analysts: Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Josh Clayton Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Please stand by. We're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the AIG's First Quarter Financial Results Earnings Conference. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jennifer, and before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause include the factors described in our first quarter Form 10-Q and our 2015 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement and is available on our website, www.aig.com. Nothing in today's presentation or in any oral statements made in connection with this presentation is intended to constitute nor shall it be deemed to constitute any offer of any securities for sale or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This morning, I am joined by the members of our senior management team including our CEO, Peter Hancock; our CFO, Sid Sankaran; Head of Commercial, Rob Schimek; Head of Consumer, Kevin Hogan; and our Chief Investment Officer, Doug Dachille. And so, we will all be available during Q&A. And at this time, I'd like to lead off the prepared remarks with Peter.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to report the tangible progress we're making as we deliver on our strategic plan. Across AIG, we're working hard to execute on a transformation that will lead to improved profitability and will best serve all our stakeholders. As we've been repositioning the company, the support of our brokers, clients and employees has been greatly appreciated and is essential to our success. In the first quarter, we reported $0.65 of operating earnings per share, including market-related losses of $0.48 largely due to hedge funds. Our market-sensitive assets continue to decline, and Sid will speak to our progress to further reduce these asset exposures. We're off to a solid start to the year and in the quarter, we reduced expenses by 5% and returned $4 billion of capital to shareholders. As you can see on slide three and later in the presentation, our organizational improvements are proceeding on plan, and we're on target to reach our $1.6 billion in gross expense reduction by 2017. The steady pace of capital return continued throughout the quarter. Our strong capital and leverage ratios, attractive free cash flows, and risk management discipline allow us to execute on our plan to return $25 billion of capital to shareholders through 2017. We have also provided details on the key drivers of our normalized ROE improvement including unusual items. It's important to note that normalized ROE may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to discrete tax items, as was the case this quarter. Additionally, the seasonality of anticipated catastrophe losses may result in quarterly ROE volatility. These fluctuations should not meaningfully impact full-year ROE, and we expect our full-year normalized ROE to be within our 8.4% to 8.9% targeted range. While we've seen market volatility impact our investments this quarter, the broader macro environment has not altered our focus or the direction of our strategic plans, as was evident in our continued pace of capital return. Today, Rob will speak to the successful execution of our Commercial strategy in a competitive property casualty market. Kevin will elaborate on the value of the diversity of our Consumer business, and in particular, the strong earnings growth in Personal Insurance. The accomplishments that I'm seeing across the organization are what make me most excited about our future. In my meetings with clients, I've found that we are viewed as trusted partners who provide solutions to their most complex risk management needs. We were recently recognized at the Annual RIMS Conference as the industry's number one carrier in National Underwriter's Risk Management Choice Awards, a recognition of our industry leadership by our clients. We also improved our competitive position within the group retirement market given our investments in technology, which resulted in greater retention and positive net flows for the first time in two years. Internally, our organizational realignment has eliminated 95% of matrix reporting which is energizing employees and resulting in faster decision-making. Finally, I'd like to mention the news last week of our planned joint venture with Hamilton Re and Two Sigma is consistent with our ability to take advantage of AIG's scale for new initiatives. The joint venture reinforces AIG's commitment to data science and target the small- to medium-sized enterprise market by combining AIG's expertise in data with Two Sigma's technology platform. Before Sid addresses the financials, I'd like to add that we are actively managing our operating and legacy portfolios that we presented on our strategy update call. Our success in managing these two portfolios is measured by the ROE improvement of the operating portfolio and a reduction in capital retained in our legacy portfolio. Under Charlie Shamieh's leadership, the team has focused on execution and off to a brisk start. We look forward to updating you on his progress in future quarters. We're confident that we're building on the first quarter's accomplishments and moving towards our strategic objectives. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Sid.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll speak to our quarterly financial results, progress on our expense initiatives and our active capital management. Turning to slide four, our core operating earnings showed good progress this quarter with solid underwriting results in both Commercial and Consumer, as well as strong expense management. We also reported net favorable reserve development this quarter of approximately $60 million across Commercial and Personal Insurance. Looking ahead, while we're only one month into the second quarter, our early estimates of losses from earthquakes in Japan and Ecuador, along with the Texas floods, are in a range of $200 million to $300 million, roughly split between our Commercial and Consumer portfolios. Also of note, UGC delivered another strong quarter driven by improved loss experience and lower expenses. Our reported operating tax rate was lower in the first quarter at just over 19%, benefiting from the favorable resolution of certain tax audit items in the quarter. We continue to expect our 2016 accrued operating tax rate to be approximately 32%. As a reminder, our valuable deferred tax asset allows us to maximize free cash flow to our parent. Slide five depicts the net investment income trends for interest and dividends and other market-sensitive assets. Interest and dividends on our core investment portfolio has remained very steady at over $3 billion per quarter. Investments that are effectively marked-to-market through earnings contributed to significant volatility in recent quarters and include hedge funds, PICC and ABS/CDOs which were driven by credit spreads. These investments accounted for roughly $870 million of pre-tax operating losses in the first quarter. On our January strategy update call, we announced plans to reduce our hedge fund allocation by about half, freeing up $2 billion of capital towards our $25 billion capital return goal by the end of 2017. We kicked off our hedge fund strategy in 2015. As of quarter end, we have submitted notices of redemption for $4.1 billion of our hedge fund portfolio and as of today, we have received $1.2 billion of proceeds from those redemptions. Yesterday, we announced the sale of PICC Property Casualty shares for gross proceeds of approximately $1.25 billion that will result in a non-operating, pre-tax realized gain of nearly $900 million. This transaction will have a positive impact on dividends and tax-sharing payments from subsidiaries, as well as book value per share ex-AOCI and DTA. In addition, we monetized $1.7 billion of legacy assets during the first quarter and $3.8 billion over the last two quarters. We continue to make progress toward divestiture of UGC with the filing of our S-1, and we are on track to close Advisor Group this quarter. With actions taken to date, we are already at the low end of the $5 billion to $7 billion of divestitures that are funding part of our $25 billion capital return target. Over the past four years, we have reduced our exposure to assets and derivatives that are effectively marked-to-market in earnings by approximately 40%. Future volatility will be reduced by the strategic actions with respect to the hedge funds and legacy portfolio that I spoke to. Turning to slide six, we're making good progress on our expense reduction efforts with total general operating expenses down 5% from the same period last year on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting the restructuring actions that we took in the latter part of 2015. In addition, we recognized another $188 million of pre-tax non-operating restructuring charges in the quarter which is largely related to the items announced in the second half of 2015. As a result of these actions, we expect our annual GOE run rate to decline by approximately $700 million to $800 million on an annualized basis with the larger impact in the second half of 2016. We remain confident in our $1.4 billion net GOE reduction goal by 2017. Slide seven shows the improvement in our normalized ROE from a year ago, which excluding this quarter's tax benefit, was 8.4%. ROE increased by over a point from a year ago due to the nearly $12 billion of capital returned to shareholders in 2015, our focus on expense efficiency and improvements in Personal Insurance underwriting. Book value per share ex-AOCI and DTA and including dividend growth was essentially flat this quarter at $59.05 per share as shown on slide eight and was negatively impacted by capital markets volatility, including net realized capital losses which totaled about $700 million after tax in the first quarter. Approximately half of those net realized losses were related to non-economic accounting volatility, resulting from differences in where we report the impact of FX on intercompany liabilities versus the matching available-for-sale investments. The offsetting FX gain on the AFS investments is recorded in AOCI. We also realized losses upon the sale of energy positions which at the end of the quarter represented roughly 5% of our total AFS portfolio. These Q1 items may result in a shortfall to our 2016 book value per share growth target. However, we still expect to achieve double-digit book value per share growth this year. Our ability to reach a three-year compounded 10% growth in book value per share will in part depend on capital markets and macroeconomic conditions. Slide nine shows our continued execution against our capital management targets. During the quarter, we deployed about $3.5 billion towards the purchase of approximately 63 million common shares, and we also repurchased 10 million of our outstanding warrants for $173 million. Since quarter-end and through May 2, we repurchased an additional $870 million of common shares which leaves about $3.7 billion unused under the $5 billion authorization that we announced in February. During the quarter, we issued $1.5 billion of 5-year senior debt and $1.5 billion of 10-year senior debt. We created incremental economic value for shareholders through the completion of tender offers for approximately $800 million of purchase price of debt, which had a positive NPV. This leaves our financial leverage ratio at the end of the quarter at just shy of 20%, at the low-end of our 20% to 25% targeted range that we spoke to on our strategy update call. Our RBC and rating agency capital ratios continue to remain within our targets. In addition, at quarter-end, we had $7.1 billion of parent liquidity. Our balance sheet remains very strong. As Peter stated, we look forward to delivering on our strategic plan that we outlined in January and providing you with additional disclosure as we progress throughout 2016. Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Sid. Today, I'll begin my remarks on page 12, which highlights our first quarter and the progress we're making towards our targets. Net premiums written declined 12% after adjusting for foreign exchange. The single largest driver of the decrease was the greater use of reinsurance representing approximately half of the 12% decline. Casualty product exits in North America and our remediation efforts also contributed to the decline in the quarter. Overall, we expect the decrease of approximately $2.5 billion in net premiums written in 2016, reflecting an increase in our use of reinsurance along with exits from unprofitable lines. This is an increase from our previous $1.5 billion estimate and is consistent with our 4 points of expected accident year loss ratio improvement and an anticipated flat expense ratio. We continue to experience new business growth and strong retention in profitable sub-segments, and will absolutely continue to grow in these areas. Consistent with our vision to be our client's most valued insurer, we are investing in lines where we offer a compelling value proposition such as D&O, cyber, M&A, multinational, and our large limit and middle market Property offerings. Overall, U.S. rates improved almost 1 point in the quarter despite continued rate pressure in the excess and surplus lines Property business. U.S. casualty rates increased 3%, which is consistent with what we have seen in the past few quarters, and we expect that trend to continue. Rates were modestly positive for Financial lines in our Specialty businesses in the U.S. I would like to stress that we are thoroughly reviewing granular client retention metrics to differentiate our pricing strategy based on account by account profitability. Slide 13 shows the continued improvement in Commercial's adjusted accident year loss ratio between 2011 and the first quarter of 2016, including the effect of prior period development for each accident year, which we previously presented on our strategy call. While the first quarter result of 64.5% included higher than expected attritional losses in Property, it represents a 1.7 point improvement over the full year of 2015, and we are on track to reach our 62% exit run rate for 2016. In March, we announced a two-year agreement under which a share of our new and renewal U.S. Casualty business will be ceded to Swiss Re. We do not disclose the details of individual reinsurance agreements and the Swiss Re deal represents just one of a number of programs we have in place. We extend our thanks to all of our reinsurance partners, with whom we are highly aligned, for the confidence they have expressed in the continuing improving trend in our portfolio and in our leadership team. Upon expiration of the existing agreements, we expect to have a more profitable book of business and to be well positioned to retain more business or renew our reinsurance agreements under terms at least as favorable as they are today. Collectively, we expect to cede approximately $1.5 billion in additional premiums related to quota share reinsurance in 2016, compared to the level ceded in 2015. The expected 2016 average ceded loss ratio will be at least 5 points higher than 2015 and ceding commissions will continue to cover fully-loaded costs for each deal, both individually and in the aggregate. The first quarter accident year loss ratio does not reflect the full impact of reinsurance as the benefit will grow each quarter over the next year. We expect that reinsurance will account for close to 2 points of our adjusted accident year loss ratio improvement by the end of 2017. On February 2, we formally communicated to our distribution partners that we will no longer offer coverage in four specific underperforming portions of our North American Casualty and Environmental books. By exiting these few highly-targeted areas, we have the ability to significantly improve profitability as well as refocus our energy and technical expertise towards industry segments and client partnerships that are mutually beneficial. Moving to our risk selection strategy, we achieved improvements in U.S. Casualty and U.S. Property as we continue to optimize our mix of business and accelerate the use of underwriting, pricing and analytic tools. With respect to our strategy of sharpening our focus on valued clients, you will recall that in 2015, approximately 83% of our U.S. Casualty clients purchased only one or two products and that some of those relationships were unprofitable. This represents approximately 15% of total U.S. Casualty premiums and we successfully remediated the majority of this business as it came up for renewal in the first quarter. The top of slide 14 shows the adjusted accident year loss ratio for each sub-segment that made up our $20 billion of net premiums earned in 2015, which falls into three product sets  growth, maintain or improve and remediate. The bottom of the page shows the change in size and the accident year loss ratio for each portion of the portfolio for the full-year 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. For the first quarter of 2016, we measured size based on net premiums written, which is a leading indicator of our progress, since the benefits of our recent actions will emerge in net premiums earned as the year continues. I will highlight four key observations for you on this page. First, I'm extremely pleased with the portfolio's change in mix of business. The grow and maintain portion of the business has increased from 50% of total premiums in 2015 to 59% of premiums in the first quarter, while the business we are remediating in Product Set 3 decreased from 15% of the portfolio to 9% over the same time period. The second observation is that in addition to reducing the size of Product Set 3, the accident year loss ratio for this worst performing portion of the business improved significantly from 91% for the full-year 2015 to 86% on an earned basis in the first quarter driven mostly by the North American Casualty and Environmental exits. My third observation is that the improved portion of Product Set 2 declined from 35% of total premiums in 2015 to 32% of premiums in the first quarter, while we improved the accident year loss ratio on an earned basis by 5 points from 73% to 68% over that same time period. These changes were primarily the result of our clients and risks selection strategy and the expansion of the reinsurance. Finally, my fourth observation is that our progress will not always be linear due to market conditions, short sale losses and other issues outside of our control. Product Set 1 declined in size from 15% of total premiums in 2015 to 13% of premiums in the first quarter and the accident year loss ratio increased from 41% to 48% during that time, driven mostly by international Property. The accident year loss ratio for Product Set 1 still remains very strong and as I mentioned earlier, investing in growth areas is a fundamental part of our strategy. We are deploying a disproportionate amount of our resources to teams focused on Product Set 1 to anticipate product needs and foster innovation to create value for our clients. Our strategy is best characterized as one of focus and pace. We've moved quickly to concentrate our efforts on growing our strongest performing business and our most valued relationships while continuing to invest in data analytics, innovation and engineering to help our clients better mitigate risk. In closing, we took a number of significant actions to improve Commercial's performance for the year. Although there's a lot more work to do, I'm confident that we're headed in the right direction and we're on target with the goals we've communicated. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll provide an update on the Department of Labor's final rule and discuss the operating performance of our Consumer businesses. Beginning with the final Department of Labor fiduciary rule published on April 8, the initial compliance date is April 10, 2017 with full compliance required by January 1, 2018. We are currently reviewing this final rule to evaluate its full impact on our customers, distribution partners, financial advisors and our business while continuing to prepare for compliance with the rule. We remain in active discussions with our distribution partners to be in the best position possible to meet the evolving needs of retirement savers. We plan to continue to offer a broad product portfolio through our diverse distribution network to meet the growing needs of consumers for guaranteed lifetime income and other saving solutions. Turning to retirement results on slide 16, it was a strong quarter for retirement sales with 24% growth from a year ago led by fixed annuities and retail mutual funds. Sales continue to benefit from our multiple product and distribution channel strategy as reflected in our well-diversified base of assets under management. Market volatility during the quarter resulted in a flight to quality and increased investor appetite for fixed annuities. While risk-free rates declined, credit spreads were robust, allowing us to provide attractive overall rates while still maintaining our pricing and asset quality disciplines. Net flows for retirement this quarter improved both sequentially and year-over-year, and notably, were positive for each one of our product lines, reflecting the strength of our distribution platform. The positive net flows in group retirement reflect our ongoing investments to enhance both our planned sponsor service and participant experience. As you can see on slide 17, we continue to maintain our discipline in managing crediting rates and net spreads. Looking forward, absent significant changes in the overall rate environment, we continue to expect our base yields will decline by approximately 2 to 4 basis points per quarter. In Life, as shown on slide 18, we saw growth in premiums and deposits of 4% from the same period last year on a constant dollar basis. Mortality trends to continue to be in line with our expectations. We saw good growth in U.S. life sales from the same period last year reflecting the evolution of our distribution strategy and further development of our independent distribution channels. We are also making progress in executing in our plans to finance our remaining redundant reserves with a series of reinsurance transactions that will improve the returns of that portfolio and allow for increase distributions to parent. We will provide you with updates on these transactions as they are completed. Turning to slide 19, the first quarter was very strong for Personal Insurance with $222 million of pre-tax operating income. We saw significant improvement in the accident year loss ratio in the U.S. which primarily related to U.S. Personal Property, which experienced fewer large claims and generated increase in premiums. We also continued to strong premium growth in our private client group in the U.S. Net premiums written for PCG were up 13% from the same period last year with nine consecutive months of double-digit growth. We also continue to make progress on the expense front in Personal Insurance and we are seeing benefits from our strategy to narrow our focus to 15 countries for individual Personal Insurance products while continuing to serve our multinational partners. In addition, we are seeing the results of our overall organizational expense initiatives. Japan delivered a meaningful part of the acquisition costs and GOE savings this quarter and acquisition costs benefited from our efforts to reposition direct marketing in Japan. While we continue to expect that expenses will be the key lever to future margin expansion in Personal Insurance, progress will not be linear quarter-to-quarter due to the nature of our ongoing investments. With respect to Japan, we remain focused on a successful execution of the merger as we have previously reported. To close, while we have already experienced some catastrophe and severe loss events, as Sid highlighted, that will impact Personal Insurance operating results in the second quarter, we remain focused on continued execution of our strategic priorities across all of our Consumer businesses. Now, I would like to turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Operator, before you open the line, I just want to remind everybody that similar to the past quarters, we'll take one question and one follow-up. And then we'd ask that you please get back in queue so that we can answer as many questions as possible. With that, I will begin the Q&A.
Operator: And we'll go first to Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Just one question on the Personal Insurance. You talked about the A&H [Accident and Health] business being, I guess, restructured. What's going on in that business? What kind of premium declines you would be expecting going forward?
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer: The A&H restructuring has been undertaken for the last couple of years, Jay. And I think what we're seeing in A&H is a combination of foreign exchange effects, particularly in the international business which is the bulk of that business, and it is the faster growing part of that business. So, in particular, in the United States in the travel business, we have focused on a sustainable and competitive position there. And we believe that recent market developments are likely to ensure that our position is the one that our distribution partners will be choosing.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. That's helpful, and then, just a follow-question for Rob. Rob, obviously, you've got ambitious goals this year in the Commercial side. As you look at the first quarter, can you talk about  and I know this is not going to happen in a linear fashion  but can you talk about the progress you made in the first quarter relative to what you had expected and where you are at this point?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Okay. Sure, Jay. I'll say that overall, I'm quite pleased with where we were in the first quarter. I would say that our progress with respect to reinsurance was better than we had anticipated. Our progress with respect to the longer tail lines, Casualty in particular, was better than we had expected. But our progress with respect to shorter tail lines  Property was the area that I think that we didn't live up to my expectations. And in particular, that was with respect to attritional losses in the U.S. I'm very confident that the team has some good strategies and a great plan for what we'll do to address that in 2016, but overall, I'm quite pleased with the progress.
Operator: We'll go next to Randy Binner with FBR Investment.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thanks. Just a couple on Commercial lines. Just to get the numbers right on the Swiss Re. I think you said that there be $1.5 billion ceded relative to 2015 and the decreased in this quarter's top-line in Commercial lines was attributed to the Swiss Re deal. So, is the Swiss Re deal something like $1 billion ceded off of gross? And is it mean  is that the right way to think of it so that would be two-thirds of it and the remaining third would be something that you try to negotiate over the balance of 2016?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: I want to make sure I  that I say this for you as clearly as possible. First of all, I don't want to comment about Swiss Re specifically. Let's just talk about reinsurance transactions overall. So, what I said in my prepared remarks is that we have  we expect to see $1.5 billion of additional premiums related to quota share in 2016 compared to the 2015 levels. So, we already were using quota share in 2015. The increase from all reinsurance transactions, Swiss Re and other during 2016, we expect to increase the amount that we see by $1.5 billion. So, as we write business throughout the course of 2016, a piece of the business that we write in 2016 will attach to this quota share reinsurance agreement. And you should think of it as that premium volume, on a net-written-premium basis, will decline but it won't affect earned premium until those premiums earn in over the course of the next year after the date they've been written. So for example, premiums written on December 31 of 2016 will be covered by a reinsurance agreement that was covering the year 2016 on a quota share basis. But those premiums won't be fully earned until December 31 of 2017, so you'll feel the full effect of that in our income statement across the  really, across the  a year after the premiums have been written. I hope that's helpful.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: It is. And then, on  just a follow-up on  in Commercial and Sid, you mentioned there were reserve redundancies in the quarter. Can you give any color on what line and accident years that was related to? Just curious how that might have related to some of the adverse development we saw in the fourth quarter.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I point you to the 10-Q. The main item that I'd probably call out is we're favorable in both Commercial and Consumer. Commercial, mostly driven by Specialty and in North America there was a slight negative but that negative was related to reinsurance adjustments in Property, so it's not related to any long tail lines.
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thank you for taking my question. Sid, in his prepared remarks said that there were about $4 billion in hedge fund redemptions set and $1-point-something billion so far had been received. How does that compare to the $2 billion plan to  capital plan  what are the relationship between those two numbers exactly?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I think the main thing you need to look at is with respect to what we put in notice for redemption, that typically the capital charge for those assets is roughly 50% or even slightly north of that. So, take the $4 billion and apply the capital charge and that gives you a sense of what you think the capital impact should be.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And the second question is given the reinsurance transaction in the quarter, what were the impacts that they had on first quarter loss ratio and expense ratio given where you would have been if those transactions had not been put in place?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Yes, they are minimal. They're minimal because we've not earned much of that premium in the first quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Couple questions here. First one, Rob, just curious, the growth coming from Property lines and if you look at kind of broker service and stuff, that's been the most competitive line of business out there. Can you kind of describe your Property book, where you're growing, and why we shouldn't be concerned that you're growing in what the brokers are saying is the most competitive line?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Yes. Well, first thing I'll do is I'll acknowledge and reaffirm that that is the most competitive line. You'll notice when I commented about rates, I said that Property rates in the U.S. were down in the first quarter, and that's actually been a continuing theme over the course of the last two years at least. Our growth in Property has been focused on the highly engineered space. As we mentioned previously, we've increased the number of engineers on our team today to be approximately 700 engineers worldwide. Most of those engineers support our Property business but not solely our Property business. And actually, today, we have more engineers than underwriters in the U.S. property market. So, when we're growing in Property, what we're doing is transforming our book from being one where we were a capital provider amongst many to instead being a risk management partner with our clients where we're using our engineering capability to reduce the likelihood of a loss in the first place. And so, our growth in that area is in the large limit Property space and in the middle market Property space where engineering is the backbone of the business that we're writing. We're shrinking in the traditional excess and surplus lines shared and layered Property business.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Got you. And then, just a follow-up then on the Property. Would that carry lower attritional loss ratios, those engineered lines, and maybe more volatility to them?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: We expect those engineered loss to carry  lines to carry  lower attritional loss ratios, yes.
Operator: And we'll go next to...
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: I'll just add that we also use reinsurance as a tool in the Property space and we'll continue to look in opportunities for reinsurance in the Property space, to manage severe losses as well as, of course, to manage our natural catastrophe exposures.
Operator: And we'll go next to Larry Greenberg with Janney.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning. So Rob, the increase in the reduction of premium in Commercial, the $2.5 billion from $1.5 billion for this year, I assume a big part of that increase is coming from reinsurance. But just any color on the breakdown of that?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Yes. That is really completely from the increasing use of reinsurance. I think, just say that the reinsurance market has been more robust than we had initially anticipated. And as you know, we're viewing our reinsurers as partners. We have excellent relationships and opportunities to succeed together. But ultimately, the business that we're ceding to those reinsurers is improving our mix of business and ultimately not passing business that is poor business from AIG to our reinsurers. But instead, the reinsurers, I think, find the business that we're ceding attractive for a number of reasons including the fact that many  in many cases  they're holding less capital against the business than we are. And many of our reinsurers also have a lower targeted return level than AIG has. And then, of course, I think that the reinsurers really believe in the underwriting actions that we've taken. So, those are the things that I think have created the increase in use of reinsurance and that's the primary driver of the increase.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Great. And then just one follow-up for Sid. Since you are reporting the DIB and GCM in the other asset line, we're getting less disclosure on that. And I'm just wondering if you could give us what the equity is today in the DIB and GCM, and perhaps some numbers on how much in ABS CDOs are held there?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think that I would point you to  we don't give that disclosure on the DIB and GCM anymore  but the large bulk, as we've said, of the equity in DIB and GCM is in the ABS Holdings. And that number typically, although it changes in terms of mark-to-market, is in the range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion.
Operator: And we'll go next to Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Clayton Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Peter, thank you for taking the question. I appreciate all the color and update on the operating initiatives. Obviously, it's great to hear about all the progress. I'm wondering if you'd be willing to speak to sort of  to a higher level question. If you think strategically, it's been a couple of months since you folks announced a new strategy and announced that you'd accept some activists joining your board. I'm wondering if you can update us a bit on your conversations sort of within the group as well as just your general thinking on some of the big strategic questions, like remaining at SIFI in light of the MetLife court victory, or how you're thinking on divestitures as evolving as your businesses become more modular. And I ask both of these, in particular I think, because you've said you'd very much like to beat your $25 billion capital return goals over the next two years and I kind of imagine that you're probably going to have to consider additional divestitures or maybe pursue a path to de-SIFI to achieve that.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that as we've indicated, the $25 billion goal is achievable with all of the actions that we've laid out. So, I would say that there is contingency against adverse market environment baked into our plan. So, I do not think that being a SIFI in any way inhibits that $25 billion goal. It's not a binding constraint at all. But I think that the MetLife decision certainly raises the opportunity, should it be favorable, to consider that down the road. But I repeat that our current designation as a non-bank SIFI does not constrain our objectives as laid out in our strategic update. So, we are watching very carefully the appeal process and we point to the efforts that we've made as a company to delever the company, to derisk the company since the crisis. So, I think that any designation by FSOC around non-bank SIFI status should look at the metrics relative to others to show what we've done to delever the company. And so, I think that we have great confidence that our plan to improve operating margins, to return capital to shareholders will deliver expansion in ROE in our operating portfolio, and the thoughtful divestiture of the legacy assets in an orderly way will realize the optimal balance between book value growth and ROE expansion.
Josh Clayton Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: That's helpful, Peter. I'm wondering, Rob, if just tactically one of  we've had a lot of conversation about reinsurance and I really love your guys' slide on page 14. I'm wondering if we could sort of set reinsurance aside though for a second and just think about sort of gross or sort of primary  sort of an ex-reinsurance view of the business. Can you give us some  any kind of metrics we can sort of hang or had on around, like, the amount of pricing you're taking in the worst businesses or the ultimate, the amount of size that you expect, like the remediate or the improved bucket to be as you look at over the next year or two?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: So, one thing I think I would say to you, Josh, is we will likely show you a version of slide 14 at the end of the year that's recalibrated to what did 2016 look like, right? We'll show you the best 15%, the worst 15%, and then the middle part of the portfolio. I clearly believe that what you should expect is that for the business that we hold on our books in 2015 that we've been working on remediating, you should continue to see Product Set 3 significantly reduce in size. And as we've said we would, we've taking clear action to exit specific underperforming products and client relationships, but remember, we can only do that as those policies come up for renewal with proper notification in accordance with the state laws and regulations. We've also given our underwriters better tools to help them make good judgments in their underwriting decisions. And I think all of those things should continue to show that Product Set 3 will decline in size and the loss ratio will improve. Product Set 2, the middle part. I think you'll continue to see growth in the maintained side of Product Set 2. And you'll see us continue to improve both the loss ratio and reduce the size of the improved size of Product Set 2. But we do expect to grow in Product Set 1. I think that reinsurance is really serving to help us in Product Set 2 more than anything. And that's the place  what you should understand is, really, our actions to exit and our actions to remediate that are driving down the volume of Product Set 3. And you should also expect that we'll continue to disproportionately put our resources toward the growth in Product Set 1. But I think we'll continue to try to find ways to help you to have better transparency into the performance of the portfolio using a slide like slide 14 going forward.
Operator: And we'll go next to Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks so much. Rob, you guys talked about Commercial overall, but you didn't really drill down into North America specifically. There, we did see nice margin improvement, a couple of hundred basis points and premiums were down there, 25%. I guess, one question I have is, over the 400 to 600 basis points of margin improvement that you're targeting, what proportion do you expect to come from North America versus international? And is the North America piece where the reinsurance and non-renewal has a more disproportionate impact?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: You were correct on pretty much everything you said. The reinsurance is focused much more around North America. The remediation efforts are focused much more around North America, and to be specific, focus much more around the United States. We continue to see great opportunities for growth. And we see that the profitability in Canada, in North America feels good. I will say with respect to international, really, our bigger challenge in international is around expenses. The loss ratios in our international business I feel good about. We need to continue to make sure that we can deliver those loss ratios with an efficient structure that will keep our expense ratios at a manageable level.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I see. So, in terms of the loss ratio  that the severe losses ticked up year-over-year  was that for you an unusual level of severe losses or is that something you expect should continue in that sort of range?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Yeah, we really expect  first of all, severe losses overall were pretty much in line with our expectations. We do expect that severe losses will be lumpy quarter-to-quarter and we do think that they'll be lumpy from geography to geography. With that said, we continue to be keenly focused on severe losses in the international portfolio to make sure that we're managing that effectively. But quite frankly, I think  we think about it on an overall basis and we were satisfied with severe losses during the quarter.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: With regard to the share buyback, if I was looking at what a ratable level of share buybacks would have been over each quarter for two years, I was looking at around $2.75 billion; in the first quarter, that came in at $3.5 billion. So, does that mean that AIG is just kind of pulling forward the pace of the buyback or, I mean, based on my math, it looks like return of capital at that current pace could be slightly over $30 billion over the two years?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Look, Jay, we don't really comment on our timing of capital return. I would just point you to, obviously, in the first quarter, we had very strong share repurchase. But in addition, two items of note, we did also generate incremental net present value via our debt tender and that obviously impacted our use of capital, as well as the warrants. So, we expect that we're not likely to follow any form of metronome in terms of the timing of share repurchase. It'll vary based on what we see as relative value quarter to quarter as we return capital and hit our $25 billion target.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: In the past, you've said at least $25 billion. I just want to make sure that's still the case.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: At least $25 billion. That's correct.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. And then, Sid, are there any signs of a recovery in the alternative asset income in 2Q? I mean, that was a $900 million drag on results in the last quarter. Are you seeing any signs of recovery so far in 2Q?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: It's a little too early to tell right now, Jay. I mean, obviously, we'll have a better sense as the different indices provide their results to us shortly.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think the important thing to remember is that our strategy is to reduce our reliance on those alternative earnings over the course of the next 18 months. And so, as you look at the exit run rate of ROE of the operating portfolio at the end of 2017, you don't need to factor in any over-reliance on alternative assets as a source of net investment income.
Operator: And we'll go next to John Nadel with Piper Jaffray.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Thank you. Good morning. A question for Rob, I just wanted to follow up on a couple of quick data points here. The accident year loss ratio in Commercial, I believe you indicated that the reinsurance deals to-date really had no significant impact on that. But you expect, over the course of the next year, it has about a 2-point positive swing. Is that right?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: That's correct. By the end of 2017, John, it'll have about a 2-points improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio. And remember, the reason that's the case is because the business that we write late this year won't be fully earned until late next year.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Understood. And then, so if we look at under the hood at the other pieces, you mentioned that attritional losses in the Property side were higher than you would have otherwise expected. When you look at the rest of the Commercial business, were there areas where you feel like you just outperformed relative to your expectations?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Yes. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of our Financial lines book of business. Continue  really, was quite happy with what we did in the Casualty space. That team has been working very hard over a long period of time. I'm quite proud of what our results are that we've achieved there. And so, I think that the combination of tools that we've developed, the discipline of the underwriters and the use of reinsurance all bode very well for what the outcome will be for us, for the longer-tail Casualty business. We're really focused, at this point in time, on improving the attritional losses in the Property book.
Operator: And we'll go next to Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Let's start with a question for Sid. Is there any way of getting a handle of how much the capital charge is likely to go down for P&C assuming that the year-over-year improvements in both reserves and accident year results continue?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think  we don't disclose that, but I think you're really likely to see, based on the shift in mix in Rob's business, that the other liability line in the Property Casualty companies which have, obviously, the highest RBC charge, that shift in business is going to drive that component of our RBC charge down.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. And, Rob, can you talk a little bit about the, I guess, the decline in the proportion of net written premiums from Product Set 1. Is that seasonality or is that the disappointment you were alluding to?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, I guess the way I want you to think about Product Set 1 is just remember that as you would likely expect, we're using internal tools and metrics to inform the underwriting actions in each of these product sets. And while in general we want to grow Product Set 1, we're guided by our return on equity and our RAP [risk-adjusted profitability] spread for each of these products in any given product set. So, during the first quarter, we did grow well in businesses such as cyber and M&A that are parts of Product Set 1, but we were disciplined in the highly competitive international Property market where we were guided by our ROE and our RAP metrics.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Newman (sic) [Paul Newsome] with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: I guess my name changed but he was better looking. I have a couple questions. One relates to the hedge funds. As I think through next quarter's results from my expectation, I assume it looks like  because there's a lag in how you and everybody else reports hedge funds and alternatives  that essentially the first quarter hedge fund results will be your second quarter result. So, the piece that I'm not so certain about is the impact of the redemptions that have happened so far and whether or not the redemptions themselves will change how much of the results in the second quarter, given that you report the hedge funds and the alternatives on a lag?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I mean, I would just make two quick points. The lag impact obviously is a short lag, so we wouldn't anticipate a very material impact, and it's on a portion that's obviously on the equity method. The second point is we gave you our estimate of about $1.2 billion of proceeds. So, you can think of that as a reduction in our overall hedge fund exposure and assume that that's reinvested as we told you before in high grade  high investment grade bonds  and some real estate.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: And more than half of the $1.2 billion came in April.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: That's right.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Of the redemption proceeds, so, well in excess of half of that $1.2 billion was received from redemptions that took place in April.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. So, it should have an impact. And then, I have an unrelated question about the Property Casualty business. Obviously, the mix is going more towards Property, less towards liability. As I think of it  my model  does that also mean that we should think about a higher cat load as a percent of premium prospectively as the mix changes towards more Property?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Well, I guess I would say that our overall cat load I expect to come down. Obviously, as the mix of business changes, it'll just be proportionate to the total book of business. But I want to emphasize that we're actually bringing our cat load down for the entire portfolio. At the same, remember that some of our lines, for example, Financial lines and Specialty are continuing to demonstrate growth, so you should expect to see growth in Financial lines, growth in Specialty, and you'll continue to see us decline the total amount of cat load across the portfolio.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: And I think that this is a continuation of a rebalancing of our Property portfolio that was  been going on for five years  which is to de-emphasize the overconcentration in Gulf cat-exposed Property and take advantage of the diversity of our geographic global reach as well as the investments we've made in highly engineered Property and middle market, where it's really avoided the concentrated risk that is prevalent in the shared and layered market that was in the Property book five years ago. So, I think this is a continued diversification of the Property book just to reduce the PML and AAL in a steady way. And obviously, the soft reinsurance market helps even more to iron out any concentrations.
Operator: We'll go next to Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. A couple of questions. First, Rob, you spoke in detail about your expectations on the loss ratio. Can you talk about the expense ratio in the Commercial business over the next couple of years?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'm really pleased with the progress we're making on the expense ratio. We participate as a part of the broader AIG expense initiative, which really has been underway for quite some time. And so, as you can see here, even in the first quarter, what's happening is the expense reductions that began previously are actually happening in front of the reduction of premiums that we're experiencing on a net earned basis. And so, it is our intention to continue to maintain a flat expense ratio as we continue to manage the overall book in the Commercial space.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. So basically, as premiums are coming down, you shouldn't really expect an improvement in expense ratio, but maybe overall expenses stay somewhat flat?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: That's right. I think what happens is  I think expenses will decline, to be clear. I think that the expense ratio will be relatively flat. And again, just to be clear, when we are doing reinsurance on a quota share basis, we're receiving a ceding commission that is covering our fully-allocated costs on both a deal by deal, as well as on an overall basis across all of these quota share reinsurance agreements. So, as the premium volume comes down, we're also reducing the expenses proportionately.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I guess just taking a step back looking at slide 14, I mean, clearly there's a lot of moving parts here thinking about what we're run-rating at versus what's kind of earning in this quarter. I mean, the reported accident loss ratio in Commercial is 64.5%, but if you look at it on the written basis, it looks like it's closer to 63%, which would be about 75% of the way there to the 4 points you said you think you can get, when we're only a quarter into this. Is that the right way to think about it or would you caution us against that in any way?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Well, I guess I want to caution you against, is I think we're  we just state that I think that we're on target  and I don't want there to be any expectation beyond that at this point. What I think is important to understand on page 14, and I said this in my prepared remarks, the premium that we're showing for 2016 is on a net-premiums-written basis. But the accident year loss ratios that you're seeing are on an earned basis. And so, the earned accident year loss ratio, for example, that you're seeing in Product Set 3 of 86%, includes any of the premium that was earned in the first quarter for that Product Set regardless of when it was written. And so, I just would caution, it's very difficult for you to make any  particularly assumptions  that were anything other than on target at this point in time.
Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, understood. And then just on Product Set 1, 7 points of accident year loss ratio deterioration there. Just curious how much of that would you attribute to pricing pressure, rate headwinds versus just elevated attritional losses? Thanks.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: No, it's really all international Property. And the international Property book actually, last year, had particularly low loss ratios. And so, I am not so sure that  the combination, I think, of increased rate, rate pressure for Property on a global basis  but also, just that we performed particularly well in 2015 in the international Property space. So, I'm not concerned about the increase in the loss ratio that you're seeing there for Product Set 1. With that said, we focus on both the size of Product Set 1 and maintaining a strong performance from an underwriting perspective, in that, as well as all the other Product Set.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, I'm afraid that we're going to have to follow up with whoever's left in the queue because we're over our allotted hour. And so, if it's possible  please reach out to me directly and we'll see if we can catch up with everybody and make sure we get to everyone's questions this morning. And thank you, all, for dialing in.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-12 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc. Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer
Analysts: Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Lawrence D. Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Josh Clayton Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jay Arman Cohen - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to AIG's fourth quarter financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Liz Werner. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Anthony. Before we begin, I'd like the address the format of today's call. Consistent with our strategy update call, during our Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. We'd like to take as many questions as possible and ask that you get back in queue to ask additional questions. You will be limited to one minute to ask your question, and I apologize in advance if you're cut off. Today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first, second, and third quarter Form 10-Q and our 2014 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG Is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking comments and statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on our website. Nothing in today's presentation or in oral statements made in connection with this presentation is intended to constitute nor shall be deemed to constitute an offer of any securities for sale or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This morning's prepared remarks will begin with our CEO, Peter Hancock, followed by our incoming CFO, Sid Sankaran, the head of our Commercial Business, Rob Schimek; and the head of Consumer, Kevin Hogan. Our Chief Investment Officer, Doug Dachille, is also joining us this morning in the room. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Hancock.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter call. In today's call, I'll highlight unusual items in the quarter. And importantly, I'll provide an update on our progress in executing on our strategic plan, which we presented on January 26. We and the board feel that our plan maximizes franchise value for all stakeholders and is based on achievable goals. This quarter is a further step in providing additional transparency to assess our progress towards our goals. Before I comment on the quarter, I want to mention yesterday's news that our Board of Directors agreed to expand the size of AIG's board from 14 to 16 seats. We believe this resolution is in the best interests of all our stakeholders, and most importantly allows us to focus on executing our strategic plan. Our fourth quarter results were impacted by our actions to strengthen reserves and the lower returns on alternative investments. As we have previously disclosed, we completed a number of in-depth reserve reviews of our long-tail lines, and we responded quickly to new information. As part of our strategic plan, we announced our intentions to reduce and narrow our hedge fund allocation, which we believe will lead to greater risk-adjusted returns and contribute to our $25 billion return of capital through 2017. During the fourth quarter we took a number of actions towards our goal of being a more streamlined, focused insurer. Importantly, I announced a smaller executive leadership team, a management structure that has already resulted in increased accountability across our businesses and accelerated our decision-making. This team is already executing on our strategic plan, and today you'll hear from some of them directly. Core to our strategic plan are the organizational changes, strategic actions, and operating improvements which we presented on January 26. On the organizational front, the adoption of a modular approach to our business and the creation of our legacy portfolio are important steps to improving transparency into the performance of our operating portfolio. In the quarter, we announced the sale of PICC shares and took additional actions to monetize legacy portfolio assets, which Sid will speak to. We're well on our way to achieving the targeted $9 billion in legacy capital release by 2017. The fourth quarter strategic actions are the foundations for the $25 billion of capital return that we expect over the next two years. For the full year 2015, we returned approximately $12 billion to shareholders, and we expect a similar pace to continue. Yesterday's announced additional $5 billion share repurchase authorization and 14% increase in our dividend is consistent with the path towards returning the $25 billion over two years, or over a third of our market capitalization. We also announced the sale of our advisor group, which we expect to close in the second quarter, and plans for an IPO of a portion of our interest in UGC. UGC is the market leader in the mortgage insurance industry. Finally, we are aggressively pursuing operating performance improvements, and you'll see that our progress on operating expense reduction supports our conviction in achieving $1.6 billion in gross operating expense reductions through the end of 2017. Today, we will also provide additional insight into our actions to improve our Commercial Property and Casualty accident year loss ratio. On slide four, we reaffirm the targets that we discussed in January and a year ago. We stand by our plan and look forward to sharing our progress with you on an ongoing basis. Before Sid begins his remarks on the quarter, I'd like to take a moment to recognize the great contribution that David Herzog has made to AIG. David has devoted the last 16 years to the company and was essential to our emerging from the financial crisis and positioned the company for its continued future success. His guidance and stewardship of our financials continues to be highly valued, and he'll be missed by many here at the company. Sid will now provide you with the financial highlights of the quarter.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning I will speak to our quarterly financial results, progress made on our expense initiatives, our continued active capital management, and certain strategic actions impacting 2016 results. Turning to slide five, as Peter stated, the fourth quarter operating loss per share of $1.10 was primarily due to the reserve strengthening and weaker alternative returns in both the Commercial and Consumer segments. As I stated on the January 26 call, we believe our reserving actions this quarter will help mitigate the risk of future volatility around our best estimate. The reserve strengthening in accident years 2011 through 2014 was driven by greater actual versus expected loss emergence for primary and excess auto liability, healthcare, and financial lines. The impact of revised tail factors based on emergence in earlier accident years also contributed to the adverse development for excess casualty and financial lines. Of note, financial lines remain well above our current profitability targets. Our reported operating tax rate for the quarter was just shy of 39% due to the pre-tax operating loss and the impact of other discrete tax items reducing our tax expense. We expect our operating effective tax rate for 2016 to be approximately 32%. Turning to slide six, total general operating expenses declined 6% in the quarter and 3% for the full year on a constant dollar basis, a rate that is expected to accelerate under our current strategic plan. Included in our 2015 results are approximately $145 million of expenses related to the acquisition of four companies in the calendar year, offset by approximately $125 million representing the non-recurring portion of the pension curtailment gain. In addition, we recognized another $222 million in pre-tax non-operating restructuring charges in the quarter, $123 million of which relates to the restructuring charge we announced in the third quarter of this year. The remaining $99 million relates to new actions, primarily for additional staff reductions that will result in at least another $200 million reduction in our annual expense run rate. Taken together, the actions announced in the third and fourth quarters of this year will reduce our annual expense run rate by approximately $700 million to $800 million. We anticipate that we will achieve the majority of these savings by the second half of 2016. These actions, along with other initiatives we are undertaking, give us confidence we will achieve our $1.4 billion net reduction by 2017. Slide seven shows our continued execution against our capital management targets. During the quarter we deployed over $3.2 billion towards the purchase of approximately 53 million common shares. This year we have purchased an additional $2.5 billion of common shares through February 11. This leaves about $800 million unused under the $3 billion authorization that we announced in December plus an additional $5 billion from the new authorization that Peter referenced. We also announced an increase in our dividend of 14%, which is consistent with our positive view of sustainable profitability. From the standpoint of total capital return to shareholders, our annual dividend payment is approximately $1.5 billion based on our current outstanding shares, and that amount is included in the $25 billion in capital return we discussed in our strategic update. At year end, we had $9.2 billion of parent liquidity, as you can see on slide eight. While we manage our liquidity within a target range of $6 billion to $8 billion, we may be slightly higher or lower from this range from time to time. Cash inflows from the insurance subsidiaries during the quarter were approximately $400 million, reflecting our annual fourth quarter true-up of tax-sharing payments. As we said at the strategy update call, we expect $7 billion to $10 billion in dividends and tax-sharing payments over the next two years, which are net of parent and interest expense and the $2.9 billion capital contribution made to the PC subsidiaries in January. Slide nine depicts the composition of our legacy portfolio. As we said in our strategic update call, we are creating a legacy portfolio which contains roughly a quarter of the company's total equity. Legacy will consist of actively-managed runoff businesses or non-core assets and liabilities that we are targeting for maximum value. Our actions as they pertain to the legacy portfolio focus on how quickly we can extract capital by either divestitures, reinsurance, or other efficient runoff methods without giving away too much value. In the fourth quarter we monetized $2.1 billion of legacy portfolio assets, including a portion of our stake in PICC, which we previously disclosed, and certain DIB assets as well as some internal sales of assets to our insurance businesses. Legacy portfolio capital declined $5 billion in the quarter to approximately $17 billion, driven by the $3.6 billion of buybacks and dividends in the quarter, which were partially funded by the monetization of legacy assets. The reduction in the legacy portfolio capital was also impacted by the additional NOLs created during the quarter, largely as a result of the reserve strengthening we previously announced. Slide 10 presents the composition of our deferred tax assets. During the year we utilized about $600 million of foreign tax credits. NOLs increased by roughly $1 billion, also primarily as a result of the reserve strengthening we mentioned before. Finally, I would like to cover two of the strategic actions that will impact our earnings in 2016. The first is our planned life reinsurance transactions, which are intended to address the approximately 40% of redundant reserves in our U.S. life companies that have not already been financed. We expect these transactions will optimize our capital and generate $4 billion to $5 billion of additional liquidity to the parent through a combination of dividends and tax-sharing payments. This will also result in annual reduction in net investment income of approximately $200 million to $250 million beginning in 2017. There will be only a modest impact to net investment income in 2016 as transactions are being finalized. Secondly, we are reallocating roughly 50% of our hedge fund portfolio, as Peter mentioned, primarily into investment-grade bonds and commercial mortgage loans, which we believe will free up about $2 billion in additional capital from the allocation to lower capital charge assets. If you assumed a 9% normalized return, this would result in approximately $200 million decline in annual net investment income in 2016 net of our reinvestments. This would occur over the course of several quarters. The net investment income reductions from both of these transactions were reflected in the commercial and consumer PTOI targets that we provided in our January 26 strategy update presentation. We look forward to delivering on our strategic plan that we outlined in January and providing you with additional disclosure by 2016 year end. We remain confident in our plan to deliver $25 billion to shareholders over the next two years and our continued operating improvements. Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rob.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Thank you, Sid. Today I will discuss the Commercial Insurance segment's quarterly results, our strategic priorities, and the actions we're taking to improve operating performance. On slide 12, the fourth quarter commercial property casualty accident year loss ratio as adjusted was 66.4%, an increase of 0.5 point from the prior-year quarter, driven by higher severe losses in property. Increased loss picture in the U.S., including in E&S, trucking, and other segments of commercial auto also contributed to the higher adjusted accident year loss ratio. The fourth quarter expense ratio of 28.6% reflected an increase in commission rates in property, partially offset by net improvements in general operating expenses. Net premiums written grew 1.5% after adjusting for foreign exchange. We continue to improve our portfolio mix and grow in areas that meet our targeted ROE. In the quarter, large-limit and middle market property and segments of our program business continued to grow. We also benefited from fee income from NSM, a leading U.S. managing general agent acquired by AIG in April of 2015. Overall rate change declined by nearly one point in the quarter, driven by continued pressure in property, particularly in the U.S. E&S business. U.S. casualty rates increased by 3%, reflecting margin improvement in lines subject to remediation. Rates were essentially flat in specialty and financial lines. We see profitable growth opportunities in multinational, financial lines, property upper middle market and major account segments that utilize our risk engineering capabilities, international casualty, and areas of emerging risk, such as cyber and M&A insurance. We're also excited about providing clients with best-in-class claims expertise, risk services, and analytic capabilities that will strengthen our relationships. These include expanded teams of engineers to analyze and mitigate risk, innovations from our partnership with Clemson University, and investments in companies like Human Condition Safety, whose wearable devices can help workers avoid serious injury. The breadth of the AIG franchise and the strength of our client relationships position us well to capitalize on new opportunities and current market disruption from some of our competitors. With respect to UGC, our CEO, Donna DeMaio, and her team delivered another quarter of increasing profitability. The strength of UGC's business is evident in a default rate that was last seen in 2006. For the full year, UGC had a record first-lien new insurance written of over $50 billion and pre-tax operating income of $644 million. The private mortgage insurer eligibility rules asset test came into effect in December 2015, and I'm pleased to report that UGC will exceed the requirement by approximately 20%. During our January 26 strategy update call, we announced specific actions to improve commercial performance that will reduce the accident year loss ratio as adjusted by six points. On slide 13, the green line shows an accident year loss ratio improvement of almost 11 points since 2011, including the effective prior-year development for all of those accident years. Following significant progress between 2011 and 2013, our trend rate slowed in 2014 and 2015. But during that time, we made some important advancements in our underwriting tools and analytics. The bars in the chart highlight the change in business mix as we reduced writings in poorer performing areas of U.S. casualty from 39% of our portfolio in 2011 to 27% in 2015. In 2016 and 2017, we will continue to focus on improving the portfolio mix, and we will accelerate the use of underwriting tools and analytics capabilities developed over the past few years. One of the benefits of AIG's recent organizational changes will be to increase agility and speed the adoption of these tools. Slide 14 shows the dispersion of the adjusted accident year loss ratio excluding catastrophes of each sub-segment that comprises our $20 billion of net premiums earned in 2015. The loss ratio has ranged from as low at 30% to above 100% for a handful of sub-segments. This illustrates a very important point. We do not need to improve each and every sub-segment of our $20 billion portfolio by six points in order to achieve our target. Rather, focusing on our best and worst performing areas will significantly contribute to improved performance. We intend to grow the 15% of the commercial portfolio included within product set 1. It includes the lowest loss ratio businesses, which ran at an average of approximately 41%. We will focus our resources on expanding our presence in the many products and geographies within this product set, where we have strong competitive advantages and offer a compelling value proposition. We will maintain or improve the business captured in product set 2, which represents 70% of total premiums, with an average accident year loss ratio of approximately 66%. This is the product set that will benefit the most from the underwriting tools and data analytics I mentioned earlier. For the highest loss ratio sub-segments, which are predominantly in U.S. Casualty, we intend to expand our use of quota share reinsurance. The effect will be an improved commercial loss ratio, release of statutory capital, and a higher return on equity. We will remediate product set 3, where the remaining 15% of the commercial portfolio ran at an average accident year loss ratio of approximately 91%. This is where we will narrow our focus through strategic exits and remediation. We already began taking actions on some of these sub-segments in the second half of 2015 and expect to be seeing the benefits from these actions in the first half of 2016. Earlier this month we announced and communicated to our distribution partners the exit of four specific high-loss ratio areas within U.S. casualty, which include certain sub-segments of healthcare and commercial auto that Sid mentioned earlier following our fourth quarter reserve study. We expect to see these benefits beginning in the second half of 2016 and extending through 2017. I would note that the majority of the businesses we're remediating in the U.S. will renew relatively evenly throughout the remainder of the year. We will, of course, provide proper notice and compliance with the relevant regulatory rules and communicate with our clients well in advance of these actions. We believe these levers provide a clearer path for achieving the targeted accident year loss ratio by year-end 2017. Our strategy is to be targeted using micro-segmentation tools, narrowing our focus to significantly differentiate between products, geographies, clients, and distribution channels based on value. With respect to underperforming one or two product accounts, you can expect to see dramatic reductions as we move forward. Our goal is to be our clients' most valued insurer, and we're focused on clients where we can deliver the most value and grow profitably. In closing, the Commercial strategy is clear, focused, and on pace, but there's a lot of work to do. I'm confident in our strategic plan and our ability to execute it. Finally, the Commercial leadership team and I are 100% committed to achieving the plan we've outlined. Thank you and now I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer: Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. This morning I will discuss our Consumer business's operating performance, provide an update on the DOL's proposed regulations, and provide an update on Japan. Beginning with retirement on slide 17, as Sid highlighted earlier, lower alternative investment returns combined with lower base portfolio income contributed to the decline in pre-tax operating income. We continue to expect base yields to decline two to four basis points per quarter on a normalized basis in 2016 based on the current interest rate environment. Sales growth was strong from a year ago, particularly in index annuities and fixed annuities. We are seeing index annuity growth through all of our channels, particularly with independent agents and expanded wholesaling in banks, broker dealers, and advisors. Fixed annuities growth was driven by higher interest rates and credit spreads in the latter portion of 2015. Retirement net flows improved both sequentially and versus a year ago, due largely to continued positive flows for retirement income solutions and a decline in fixed annuity and group retirement surrenders. Despite a challenging environment, we believe our product and distribution diversity allow for continued positive net flows overall. I would like to provide an update on the Department of Labor's fiduciary regulations with respect to ERISA plans and IRAs. The version of the proposed regulations which was advanced to the Office of Management and Budget at the end of January has not been made public. The final regulations could be issued as early as March or April. We remain focused on preparing for its implementation with respect to product development, distribution support, compliance, service, and administration. We are in active discussions with our distribution partners to be in the best position possible to meet the evolving needs of retirement savers. Through group retirement, fixed annuities, index annuities, and variable annuities, we will offer a broad product portfolio to meet the growing needs of consumers for guaranteed lifetime income and other savings solutions. Slide 19 presents results for our Global Life business. In Life, our new business is already priced to achieve our targeted returns. As Sid mentioned, we are executing on plans to finance our remaining redundant reserves with a series of reinsurance transactions that will improve the returns in that portfolio and allow for increased distributions to parent. We are also executing on a plan for our Life business to narrow our distribution and product focus, including greater specialization, which will result in reduced distribution expenses. Examples of this enhanced emphasis include a greater focus on independent distribution channels with the significant reduction we made in January to our Life career agency force and a narrowing of our product focus in our group benefits business to profitable lines where we have a competitive advantage. Turning to slide 20, Personal Insurance delivered strong growth in new business in the Private Client group in Japan property and automobile across all regions. However, there were a number of items that resulted in an increase in accident year losses. During the fourth quarter, we strengthened reserves for accident and health as a result of our normal annual review. We saw unsatisfactory performance in some European warranty service programs, leading to remedial actions, including contract cancellations. And we realized higher auto losses in a number of European countries that are already targeted for exit. We continue to move forward with our work in Japan and are preparing for the merger of Fuji Fire and Marine and AIU legal entities. At the same time, we have successfully grown our Personal Auto business, which grew year over year for the first time in over 10 years. Our one-time merger-related expenses were roughly $100 million this year, largely comparable to last year. And we further expect one-time expenses to peak in 2016 at a slightly higher level as we prepare to enter pre-merger status. The subsequent legal merger, where approved by the authorities, will bring to a close the integration of Fuji Fire and Marine, which we acquired in 2011. I would like to briefly comment as well on our plan to deliver $800 million of pre-tax operating income improvement by 2017. We expect that much of this improvement will be achieved through significant expense reductions for each of the Consumer businesses which are part of AIG's firm-wide GOE targets. The largest reductions will be in the personal insurance business and U.S. distribution. We expect that these benefits will be partially offset by lower net investment income from hedge fund reallocations as well as from a lower invested asset base resulting from the distributions to the parent company. To close, we remain focused on achieving profitable growth across our Consumer businesses and effectively managing risk by executing our customer-focused strategies, maintaining a prudent risk profile, and targeting capital-efficient growth opportunities. Now, I'd like to turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Anthony, could we start our Q&A session, please?
Operator: Thank you. And it appears our first question comes from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Sid, I just wanted to ask you a question on your comment on the impact from the life reinsurance deals. So the $5 billion you're going to free up, you said you would lose $250 million of NII. If you look at that from a after-tax standpoint, you're only giving up a 3% to 4% return on that capital. Are there any other lost earnings associated with that or is that it, and is that a third-party reinsurance deal?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Obviously, we are reinsuring the life reserves with external parties, but there also are internal parties and internal reinsurance in the structure. What I would say is your estimates on the ROE give-up are roughly accurate. And just a reminder is that the additional liquidity to the parent comes both from freed-up capital as well as from the acceleration of tax-sharing payments from the subsidiaries.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, so it's not the full, the $5 billion capital release. There are some tax benefits in addition to that.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, that's correct. And so the costs on the transaction are economically attractive for us when we look at the additional liquidity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg with Janney.
Lawrence D. Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you and good morning. I guess this would be for Rob. Rob, it just seems very challenging to take 4 points off the loss ratio for 2016, particularly given that probably a third of the earned premiums for the year had already been written last year. So on the reinsurance piece, which appears that it probably plays a pretty significant role here, you mentioned the quota share for I guess the worst performing part of product set 2. Will reinsurance also be used for product set 3? And then I guess the quota share is mostly designed to just change the mix and get more high loss ratio business out of the portfolio. Is that correct? And then finally -
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Hey, Larry, it's Liz. I think you went over the one question and one follow-up. So let's just start with your first two.
Lawrence D. Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: And I actually think we'll be able to get to the rest of them if you just get back in queue.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: All right. Hi, Larry, thanks for your question. The first thing I want to say to you is we're not starting flat footed on any of our actions here. So actions were being taken in 2015 which we'll see beginning in the first part of 2016. The second thing I want to say is, regarding use of reinsurance, I know there is a lot of questions about that. The first thing I want to say is we don't think it's a long-term sustainable strategy to be looking to arbitrage our reinsurers. That's not the strategy here. We're partners with our reinsurers and we see many opportunities for our reinsurance strategy to benefit AIG as well as the reinsurers. I think there's three key points I'd like to make regarding how this worked with the reinsurers. First, you should know I think the reinsurers have an increasingly favorable view about the quality of the data and the quality of our underwriting. Second, the reinsurers themselves receive significant diversification benefits in their capital models, which make business like our U.S. casualty business more attractive for them. And third, the long-tail nature of our U.S. casualty business, for example, gives the reinsurers a significant deal of flexibility in their investment allocation decisions, which might differ from the way AIG might choose to structure its investment portfolio. I would say most of our actions will be with the reinsurers in product set 2. And it will be on the higher end of the loss ratios of product set 2, which is where the U.S. casualty business sits. The reinsurance will change of course our mix of business because if you reduce the amount of business in product set 2 that is U.S. casualty, the range in loss ratios in product set 2 is pretty wide. It ranges from as low as the low 50s to as high as the 80s. And so therefore, you'll get a lot of benefit from reinsuring the U.S. casualty business, which is higher loss ratio business in product set 2.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. Peter, on the January 26 call, you were pretty explicit that the 6 points of accident year improvement were actually for all of 2017. Can you talk about what's changed from then till now so that it's a run rate at the end of the year?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Well I just want to be clear. Obviously, it is our intention to drive all 6 points of the improvement in the accident year loss ratio by the end of 2017.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Right, I understand that. So what is the goal for the 2017 accident year loss ratio?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Close to 60% on an adjusted basis.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ex-cats.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Ex-cats, that's what the adjustment is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Clayton Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, Peter and the rest of the team. Listen, I want to applaud you for taking shareholders on the board. I think it's refreshing and it's great to see you guys are so willing to take shareholders' views into consideration, and I appreciate you putting shareholders first. But everybody here at home today is trying to figure out what the impact actually is likely to be from your expansion of the board, what the impact on your strategy and performance is likely to prove out. And I'm wondering if you can give us a sense of the conversations you've had on the board and with your new likely board members so that we can have a better sense of how you expect this to go. At a minimum, is it going to be business-as-usual with those two new members, or ultimately are you going to have a different approach to making decisions? And could you even go so far as to have a strategic review committee created with some of these independent board members to pursue a review? Thank you.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: So as we've said publicly, we are pleased that we have reached a solution that averts a very distracting proxy fight, and that the inclusion of two new board members will add an extra degree of scrutiny on the way in which we execute our strategic plan. And so we would not want to comment on any future dynamics between management and the board, but the process to date is that the existing board of 14 and management have developed this strategy in close collaboration. And so we expect continued close collaboration between management and the board going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay Arman Cohen - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thank you. While we'd like to see the overhead expense ratios improving, I think in every area within Property Casualty, the acquisition expense ratios rose, and some of that may be business mix change. But can you talk more specifically what's going on there? Maybe that's for Rob.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Jay, I think you're right. As we continue to work on our mix of business, in general what you should think is the higher loss ratio more complex business simply carries a lower acquisition cost. And the business mix that we've been shifting to will carry a somewhat higher acquisition cost. The net effect of that we think is a net positive in our overall ROE and a positive in the overall combined ratio.
Jay Arman Cohen - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: It's offset to some extent by lower loss ratios then.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: That's right, significantly offset by lower loss ratios.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. I'm wondering if you could talk about just pricing trends in the P&C market and how they might have changed in the last few months or so, and related to that, what your expectations are for premium growth in this environment, especially as you raise prices and pull back from certain lines in the P&C market.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: Jimmy, first of all, I always try to remind people we deal in a lot of countries and in a lot of products. So when people ask about the market, there's no simple single answer to that. And so we experience different results with pricing in different parts of our portfolio. Maybe the bigger change that we would have seen in the fourth quarter is an improvement in the U.S. Casualty pricing environment, as we've driven a bunch of our remediation activities, as I said earlier, in 2015, which will benefit us more in 2016. I think our competitors are also seeing many of the same things we're seeing, and so I think there's pretty good discipline with respect to U.S. Casualty at this point. With that said, the U.S. property market, in particular the excess and surplus lines property market, has been and continues to be highly competitive. It's why you see AIG shifting its strategy to an increase in the level of engineers that we've added onto our team and seeking to use capabilities and expertise outside of our capital as the primary advantage and the primary thing we offer in the marketplace. So we do expect it to continue to be a mixed bag product by product and geography by geography.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just on premium growth, your expectations over the next two to three years as you're trying to improve your margin, should we assume a dramatic decline in the premiums?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: I mentioned on the January 26 call, Jimmy, I believe, we do expect our premium volume to go down in 2016. It will go down partly because of our remediation efforts with respect to exits and remediation in that Product Group 3, partly because of the use of reinsurance. But it will be offset by the fact that we continue to see opportunities to grow in places where we have a sustainable competitive advantage anywhere in the world and with various products.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. I had a question on the normalized return on equity target. I'm having a little trouble getting to your ranges, primarily due to the sharp drop-off in partnership income. So in the first half of 2015, there was $1.4 billion of partnership income, and that dropped off to almost zero in the fourth quarter. I'm just trying to get a perspective of how much your ROE targets take into account expectations of a normalized maybe high single-digit return in alternative investments relative to basically zero that we saw in the fourth quarter.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Jay, it's Sid here. No, we factored that in entirely in our two-year strategic plan. And so we've accounted for the change between a normalized return from the hedge funds and alternatives and the reinvestment strategies that I referred to in my remarks.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But, Sid, this is entirely related to essentially zero returns or maybe more of a headwind in the first half of 2016. What are you assuming in your ROE target for 2016 for alternative returns?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: We normalize for performance, not volume, and so we're normalizing here. As I said in my remarks, if you assume 9%, that has been the normalized performance that we've assumed. And obviously, as we shift out of the hedge fund portfolio, we are shifting to a normalized return on fixed income and commercial mortgage loans.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Let's talk a bit about commercial insurance here. But in Consumer, where we haven't got a lot of detail, international has consistently been a problem. When does that get better, and what exactly are we doing there in order to try to fix that business and get it to a better place? I understand Japan, but I feel like that merger has been sitting in front of us now for some time with the carrot of lower expenses. Could we get some color on that? And any granularity would really be helpful.
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer: Yes, sure, Mike. First with respect to Japan, the merger is progressing. We're proceeding right now through the integration and regression testing of about 110 systems. And there has been a new regulatory requirement for a change in the earthquake property rates. And as you can imagine, whilst we're trying to do this integration and regression testing, to have to stop, open up the systems, introduce those new earthquake rates, and then go back to integration and regression testing, that's essentially what has pushed us back six months or so in terms of the expectation of the integration date. And our strategy is in fact to try to advance as many benefits from the work we've already in recognition of the fact that we can do so. And examples of that are our ability to recently change our direct marketing strategy and move that away from the American Home legal entity and into Fuji Life and the other companies, which will generate further savings that we can now realize. And so outside of Japan, what I can say is when we did the strategic update, we did mention about the footprint strategy. And many of our Consumer businesses are vestiges from the days when AIG had a multiple financial services presence. For example, in Poland, a number of years ago we had a consumer finance company, we had a life business, we had a credit card company, and it's a natural extension of those customer bases and distribution channels to build the Consumer Property Casualty business. But as we've divested away from those, we now have expense overhangs and we have subscale operations in quite a few territories. And the reason why we're moving to a focus on our individual business and 15 territories in our group business and our multinational clients in 35 territories going forward is to address that expense overhang, and that's primarily been the performance issue and much of the non-Japan part of the international portfolio. We do of course have some other portfolio issues like the European warranty business, which we address from time to time. But our loss ratios are generally sustainable and competitive. It's the expense ratio in the international property casualty business we need to address.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But can you provide some more granularity? I appreciate all of that context, but in the Commercial we're talking about specific targets for profitability improvement. It sounds like you've got a lot of things that you could ring-fence and talk about areas that are subscale areas or are at scale. What does the run-rate in Japan look like after this? It seems like all of those are estimable, but we're still here talking very qualitatively about things happening. When can we get some more granularity there?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: So this is the very much the thinking behind the modular business reporting, where Japan will be one of the first of the nine modular business units that will be shown in the financial supplement and will give you clear transparency around ROE and capital and so on. So we are very committed to giving you more granular disclosures, and the team is working hard to be delivering those on a schedule that's consistent with the high-quality control over financial disclosures that we obviously want to stick to. But in terms of prospective ROE, perhaps I should just mention that we have in our risk-adjusted profit framework elevated the hurdle rate for all businesses and all territories to a minimum of 10%, which is a shift from where we were a year ago where territories with low nominal interest rates and with low beta we rewarded with a lower hurdle rate. And we have in great discussions with several of our large shareholders agreed that we should have a minimum hurdle rate of 10%, and that applies to Japan as well as elsewhere.
Operator: Our next question comes John Nadel from Piper Jaffray.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you, good morning. I have one question on rating agency reactions to your strategic update. And the other, I just wanted to talk about the parent company cash as we roll forward here into January or February. Peter, I think I was pretty surprised, and I know a number of folks were surprised by the rating agencies' negative outlooks and maybe even one or two ratings being cut following the strategic update. And I guess I'm just  Peter, I just want to gauge your confidence level that these negative outlooks will not turn into downgrades, all else equal, as a result of the $25 billion return of capital. And then separately, just with the parent company ending the year at $9.2 billion of liquid assets, if we roll forward here into the first part of the first quarter, you've already used $5.4 billion. So you've got under $4 billion in cash or liquid assets at the parent. How quickly does that recover?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: So let me just start, and I'll hand it over to Sid to complete. We've been extremely consistent in saying that we manage the AIG enterprise in a way that factors in all stakeholders. We use that word very deliberately. And our policyholders in particular are very mindful of our commitment to maintaining a strong balance sheet and the ability to deliver our large long-term promises. And to the extent that they look at the rating agencies as a guide, we are very mindful of their reactions to our plans and our specific actions. And as we developed this two-year strategic plan, we've worked very closely with all the rating agencies to pressure-test different assumptions. And so the actions they took were not a surprise, but I've been saying consistently that the rating agencies were more of a binding constraint than any kind of Fed oversight of AIG. And the guide to our own thinking here is very much our own internal assessment of risk. And we are very pleased, especially in the light of recent market volatility, that we've done so much over the last four years to derisk the balance sheet of the company, the vulnerability to contingent liquidity. And so we are confident that once we execute on the goals in this plan, the ratings outlook will become positive again. But, Sid, maybe you can answer the specific liquidity questions and elaborate, if you like, on the rating agencies.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, the only elaboration, Peter, I'd say is just a reminder, John. We continue to have strong ratings on our core life and property casualty operating companies, most of those with stable outlooks. So we believe our planned operating improvements are going to support maintaining those strong ratings and actually improving them over time. On liquidity, I'd point you to my comments around our target. You've obviously referenced some of the outflows. But just a quick reminder, in the first quarter we have an assortment of inflows that are coming from dividends, tax-sharing payments, as well as further liquidations of asset sales, some of which that we've already executed. So again, as I said, we target $6 billion to $8 billion. We may be higher or lower than that from time to time. But we're very confident in the balance sheet, and obviously that was core to this entire strategic plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, thanks. Rob, I was hoping you could give us maybe a breakdown of how much of the 400 basis point improvement in the adjusted loss ratio by year-end 2016 comes from the reinsurance, maybe shifting assets to the legacy portfolio, and normalization in the severe loss ratio and in pricing and underwriting actions. And then lastly also, how are you going to manage not losing good business with the bad business as you go through this process?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: All right, Brian, thanks for the questions. So let me say that I think it's reasonably easy for me to tell you regarding legacy that we've already informed the market of the exits that we have, and the only thing moving into legacy is the businesses we have exited. With respect to the drivers, I would say to you first that each part of our business, Property, casualty, specialty and financial lines plays a part. Obviously, the remediation role for property and casualty are the most significant, whereas I see the opportunity for growth in strategic areas, particularly for financial lines and for some of our specialty products. With respect to which actions will drive it, it's reasonably evenly mixed between what I would call reinsurance and business mix, strategic growth in some of the lines I just described where we have opportunities and our loss ratios and our competitive advantages allow us to succeed in the marketplace, and then a contribution of course from exits that have already been announced and our work on risk selection and client selection. So I might just say as think of it as three basic buckets, strategic growth, reinsurance and business mix, exits slash clients and risk selection as being reasonably equal in terms of their relative contributions.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: I would like a general question about the property casualty reserves and how core are they to the capital that you expect to pull out of the company over time. It seems to me that the rating agencies' concerns are primarily focused on whether or not the $3.6 billion was enough. And so if you could, perhaps talk about either how, first, how comfortable you are with those reserve levels. And then how sensitive are the capital amounts you're going to pull out of the company to issues over reserve development?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah Paul, I'd really point you to the comments I made on the January 26 call as well as the information we've released in our 8-K. We believe after applying enhanced methods and assumptions and strengthening our reserves that we are going to help mitigate the risk of future quarterly reserve volatility around the selected best estimate reserve. And as a result, I think our plans are confident in our level of capital for our PC operating subsidiaries.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: And I think as a reminder, remember the $25 billion capital return walk that we disclosed on January 26, the first bar of that chart includes the injection of holding company cash into the subsidiary to fund the reserve strengthening, so it starts off with a fully funded reserve.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: I guess my question is if we have more unfavorable reserve development, does that mean we have to pull more capital into the property casualty business, which means less to the parent?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Look, Paul, I think obviously capital is going to be sensitive to our future projections. So as I said, our future projections on reserve mitigate the risk of future quarterly reserve volatility, and we don't comment on hypotheticals.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, just wanted to follow up first on the commercial P&C accident loss ratio. On both slides four and 13, you added a footnote about year end, that the improvement is 4 points and then 2 points is year end, and I guess that's a change from the January 26 presentation. And I wanted to know what the expectation for those actual full years are versus the year-end run rate. And then additionally, Sid, on the $9 billion of capital freed from legacy portfolios that's in the presentation, I don't see where that is highlighted in the January 26 bridge to $25 billion. And I'm wondering, is that new capital, or was that incorporated somewhere in that bridge to $25 billion? Thank you.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: So I'll start by just clarifying. Again, our view is that the decrease in the Commercial adjusted accident year loss ratio will be approximately 6 points in total by the end of 2017. And just a reminder, and 4 points at the end of 2016. But it's just, it's not a linear process, and we can only make the changes if policies come up for renewal with proper notification to our policyholders. So market conditions, renewal, timing, et cetera will impact the way you'll see that emerge. But it is our belief that we have enough levers at our disposal that should enable us to be able to deliver four points in 2016 and two points additional in 2017.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Charles, it's Sid here. On your second question, I would point you to slide five in the strategic update. Just a reminder, the legacy capital is a capital projection. Page five illustrates our funding lock for our share repurchase. So what you're going to see is that $9 billion that you're referring to on capital is return to shareholders via various funding sources in this walk. So I'd point you to page five in the footnotes there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg with Janney.
Lawrence D. Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hi, thanks. I guess back to Rob and reinsurance, I'm curious if you will also utilize excess of loss structures in the plan. And you've mentioned lost and net investment income from other sources of the plan. Will there be lost investment income in the future associated with the PC reinsurance?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: So first of all, regarding excess of loss, yes, we'll use all types of reinsurance that are available at our disposal. And I just wanted to highlight that maybe one of the bigger changes was our use of proportional or excess of loss reinsurance. But we currently use and will continue to use excess of loss. With respect to how it flows through in investment results, let me let Sid comment.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, there will be a reduction in net investment income from lower premiums and reinsurance, and that's been factored into the January 26 strategic update figures for Rob and his PTOI walk.
Lawrence D. Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Can that be quantified?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: We're not disclosing that right now. Obviously, as we execute on our strategies, we'll comment on reinsurance transactions and the impact of associated net investment income.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, just a quick follow-up here. Rob, on the actions taken in Commercial, most of the changes are implying a reduction in premium. You said in your comments that there will be some premium reduction from the actions you're taking, but there will be premium growth from other opportunities. Can you give us just some context? What are you thinking about what premiums will be? What's going to happen to that top line on a net basis? And can you give us the gross reductions just so we can understand what actions are being taken and the magnitude of those actions at higher  or I should say lower profitability, just to understand what that template looks like?
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: All right, so let me see if I can help you out with this, Michael. I disclosed again some of this on the January 26 call. I expect that they'll be something like $1 billion of lower premium as it relates to reinsurance transactions. Now that will depend on actual deals we get done, the timing we get them done, et cetera, but that gives you a basic idea of relative size. With respect to exits and remediation and other actions we'll take, you should expect something like about the same amount of reduction in premium which would be about another $1 billion, so you're talking about $2 billion of both in the reduction direction. With that said, we have changes in mix of business and very attractive opportunities in more strategic parts of our business that we think currently meet our ROE target hurdles, and we will grow. And that number you should think of as being something in the vicinity of $600 million. So we think our reduction in net premiums in 2016 is approximately $1.4 billion  $1.5 billion. Again, it will depend on what happens in the market, market conditions, et cetera, but that gives you a basic idea of what we're expecting.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you.
Robert S. Schimek - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Commercial, American International Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Sid, you mentioned something about additional disclosures by year-end 2016, and I'm not sure what you're referencing.
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: I think that was just in response to questions about modular business units and the operating ROE versus legacy.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, thanks. Just quickly. Sid, could you remind us where you need your fixed charge coverage ratio to be to maintain your ratings level and where it is right now? And what's the best way to track that?
Siddhartha Sankaran - Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President: First of all, it just depends agency by agency, so I'd point you to their guidance. And what I'd say in all of our operating projections, we meet their expectations and continue to target strong fixed charge coverage. But it will depend, it differs between S&P, Moody's, and others.
Brian Robert Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, guys, again. I guess a question on the Consumer business and particularly Japan. Peter, you talked about the improvement or the higher hurdle rate of a 10% ROE for the Japanese business relative to how you had it before. What would be the expectation of contraction in that business? I guess to me, a higher hurdle of 10% ROE would mean that some Japanese insurers might be able to suffice with less.
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer, Consumer: Hi, Charles. I'll take that. First of all, we are already pricing our Life business at IRRs that are above the hurdle rate, even peers' new hurdle rate and has been some time in the low double digits, and that has been a fast-growing business for us. We made a decision a couple of years ago to consume those GAAP earnings at the rate of growth. So that has been masking our results in Japan a little bit. The other thing I think that's important to point out is if we take away the one-time project expenses associated with the merger and integration of Fuji Fire and Marine, the underlying business portfolio is generating returns we believe in that low-double-digit area. And since we've acquired Fuji Fire and Marine, we've brought their loss ratio on personal accident business down by nine full points and on automobile down by five full points. And as I mentioned in my comments, we actually grew that business for the first time in quite a long time this year. So we believe that  we're hoping that with the modular reporting, you'll be able to understand better the components of the Japanese results in the context of the hurdles that we've set.
Charles Joseph Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So the new hurdle has no change in the business planning? I guess to me, a new hurdle would mean that that's a change from what's currently going on. And you're basically saying that you're already at that hurdle, so no change is necessary.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Charles, this is Peter. I think that at an aggregate level, you can see that you're over the hurdle. But within the subcomponent parts, the mix changes when you raise the hurdle rate on everything. So I think that you'll see greater selectivity of business, so that the very high ROE business subsidizes in a sense the stuff that's 8% to 10%, and there will be less of the 8% to 10%, and so there's a tradeoff there. But I believe that our risk-adjusted profit framework by targeting the spread between ROE and the hurdle rate, which we call a wrap spread, times the equity employed and maximizing that risk-adjusted profit is a way to make the volume margin tradeoff in a value-accretive way for shareholders.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Liz Werner for any additional closing remarks.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Anthony. We appreciate all your questions this morning and looking forward to speaking with you in the coming days and today. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President - Investor Relations Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance
Analysts: Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Please stand by. We're about to begin. Good day and welcome to AIG's Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President - Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstance. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first, second, and third quarter 2015 Form 10-Q, and our 2014 Form 10-K under management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on our website, www.aig.com. With that I'd like to turn our call over to our CEO, Peter Hancock. Peter?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Liz. Good morning, everybody. Thank you very much for joining us. Last night we announced significant actions to further transform AIG into a more streamlined organization, positioned to serve our clients with ever greater agility. I look forward to providing more details on our strategy and progress. But before I do I'd like to comment on the recent letter we received from Carl Icahn. The letter outlines a plan that includes separation of Life and P&C. Management and the board have carefully reviewed such a separation on many occasions including in the recent past and have concluded it did not make financial sense. We of course will meet with him to further share our conclusions and give him an opportunity to elaborate on his views. The views expressed suggest that AIG should be split into three businesses. That those businesses would no longer be subject to non-bank SIFI regulation. The assumed outcome is the ability to increase capital return to shareholders, and the elimination of what are perceived to be excessive costs associated with non-bank SIFI regulation. We see tremendous benefit from combining Life and P&C activities, while we are continuing our efforts to reduce costs and complexities. As additional context AIG has been aggressively reshaping the company and has sold over 30 businesses for over $90 billion. There are no sacred cows. And we consider all avenues to improve shareholder returns. Having said that there are a number of issues associated with a separation of our Life and Property Casualty businesses. And this morning I'll touch on four key considerations. Number one, our non-bank SIFI status has not limited our ability to return capital. And since the beginning of 2012 we have returned over $26 billion to shareholders by repurchasing 35% of our outstanding shares. Number two, rating agencies are the key determinant of how much capital is available for distribution, and they have given AIG significant credit for our scale and diversified business model. Rating agencies have noted the existing diversification benefit from our multi-line structure, thus we believe that less capital would be available for distribution to shareholders if we separated these businesses. Number three, AIG is highly regulated throughout the world, independent from our regulation as a non-bank SIFI. The amount we spend on non-bank SIFI compliance is a fraction of our total regulatory compliance costs. Number four, breaking up the company would result in a loss of at least one-third of our DTA of more than $15 billion. The amount lost would depend on the scenario of which business or businesses may be spun out and their respective income projections. In addition to the issues I just reviewed, including that a separation would result in less capital being available for distribution, separating AIG would increase certain expenses and would be a distraction from our cost-cutting initiatives. Now let me discuss the quarter, our four main priorities, and our focus on AIG's financial targets. In the quarter you saw that operating income was negatively affected by volatile capital markets. Even excluding the impact of the markets, our underlying results were mixed. We saw deterioration in certain U.S. Casualty Lines, which John will speak to. But we were pleased with the growth in Global Property in Japan Personal Auto. As you saw in our press release our four priorities are to narrow our focus on businesses where we can grow profitably, drive for efficiency, grow through innovation, and optimizing our data assets and return excess capital to shareholders. These actions are all consistent with our core objectives of improving ROE and increasing shareholder value. In my shareholder letter I stated that we would sculpt AIG's businesses to maximize return on our resource allocation and position the company for future growth opportunities. The announcements this quarter were part of a continuous transformation to streamline our businesses and exit subscale and low-return businesses and geographies. We're ceasing to offer certain products like Personal Auto in countries where we lack the necessary scale, some 17 countries to date including Russia and China. In the third quarter we entered in agreement to sell our Central American operations and entered a partnership with a local buyer. Those geographies were not core to our targeted emerging growth countries, which are concentrated in larger markets where we have existing scale. Managing expenses and reduced structural costs are of critical focus as they are within our control and a key driver of improving profitability. This quarter's announcement is targeted at reducing 23% of employees among the top 1,400 members of senior management. We believe these actions will also increase our speed of decision making and agility. In the quarter we also announced actions to manage pension expense. We've been gathering momentum on our expense reduction, as evidenced by the almost 6% of general operating expense reductions year to date or 3% on an underlying basis. These expense initiatives have been in flight for some time and require careful planning and execution. David will go through the numbers in greater detail. And we expect to deliver continued improvements that allow us to reach our 3% to 5% annual net expense reduction target. To be clear we're targeting net expense reductions. We've been investing, and we'll continue to make investments that will give us a competitive advantage in an ever changing landscape. The current mega trend that we see in artificial intelligence, digital, the Internet of Things, and Big Data require us to make these investments with a constant eye on innovation in order to be relevant. As you know we believe investment in technology and innovation will give us a sustainable, competitive advantage to deliver greater value to our customers. While we're rationalizing existing businesses, we are at the same time building capabilities through engineering services, technology, and shared service centers. These investments allow us to deepen our customer relationships and operate with greater efficiency. They allow us to win business and retain clients and are evident in the numerous awards we've received globally. We remain committed to an active capital management strategy that prioritizes return of capital to shareholders. Year to date share repurchases have totaled more than $8 billion and will continue at current prices and below our estimate of intrinsic value. Our capital management actions and operational improvements support our book value and ROE targets. Through the first 9 months of this year we have achieved 6.6% growth in book value per share, excluding AOCI and DTA and including dividend growth. Dividends are one component of our capital return to shareholders. And I mentioned last quarter that we would account for this year's 124% growth in our quarterly dividend as part of our book value per share growth target. While we may fall a bit short this year, we continue to target a 10% growth rate in annual book value, excluding AOCI and DTA and including dividend growth through 2017. Through the 9 months our 6.9% normalized ROE reflect 30 basis points of lost AerCap earnings, as well as narrowing improvements in our commercial underwriting results. Despite this year's challenging comparisons, we believe that through 2017 we will reach our target of 50 basis points in annual ROE improvements, adjusting for AerCap's full year 2015 contribution of 50 basis points. You can expect that the sense of urgency in this quarter's actions will continue so that we reach our targets. The scale and diversity of AIG provides great flexibility and opportunity, and there's no one business or geography that determines our success. We have a clear alignment with our board, management, and employees on our strategy. And you can expect that our focus will be on execution with urgency. I look forward to providing future updates on our actions and our progress of delivering sustainable value to our shareholders. With that I'd like to turn it over to David.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning I'll speak to our quarterly financial results, the details of our restructuring charge and expense initiatives, and our capital management activity. Turning to slide 4. You can see that our third quarter operating earnings per share was $0.52, down $0.67 per share from the same period in 2014. As shown on slide 5, market volatility impacts on investment returns primarily drove the comparison, a sharply lower hedge fund performance, PICC mark-to-market losses, and a decline in the fair value of asset backed securities largely resulted in a reduction of about $0.64 per share compared to the third quarter last year. As a reminder we report hedge fund returns on a one-month lag and private equity returns on a one-quarter lag. In the quarter in addition to our restructuring charge there were three noteworthy adjustments to GAAP net income that contributed to the GAAP net loss of $231 million, compared to after-tax operating income of just shy of $700 million. These adjustments include net after-tax realized capital losses of about $260 million, principally related to other than temporary impairments on energy and emerging market investments, a FIN 48 tax provision of a little over $200 million associated with legacy cross-border financing transactions, and a $225 million after-tax loss on extinguishment of debt, as we executed on economically attractive debt repurchases. Our reported operating tax rate for the quarter was just shy of 20%, driven by a lower level of income and tax audit settlements during the quarter. The 9-month tax rate of 32% is in line with our expectations for the full year. Turning to slide 7. Total company general operating expenses were $2.7 billion in the third quarter and $8.4 billion year to date, down just over 10% for the quarter and 6% for the year. The reported comparisons reflect the benefits of the pension plan freeze, as well as the effects of the strengthening U.S. dollar. But they also include expenses associated with the acquisitions of about $100 million year to date. In the third quarter we froze our defined benefit plan, while increasing our 401(k) contributions somewhat. These changes are effective January 1, 2016, as part of our efforts to better align our benefits offering to the market. The combination of these actions are expected to reduce our annual benefits expense by approximately $100 million on a pre-tax basis. We expect roughly 75% of the run rate savings to be reported in our Commercial and our Consumer Lines of business, split fairly evenly, and the balance to be reported in parent. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, the non-recurring portion of the pension benefit, and expenses from recent acquisitions, general operating expenses declined roughly 3% both for the quarter and year to date compared to 2014. As Peter mentioned, we remain highly focused on our objectives of improving operating efficiencies in a sustainable way that will deliver earnings and ROE improvements and will enhance shareholder value. To that end, this quarter we have incurred an initial pre-tax restructuring charge of $274 million pre-tax with an additional $225 million of restructuring charges to be recognized through 2017. We expect that the annual run rate general operating expense savings from these actions to amount to between $500 million and $600 million per year once the initiatives are fully executed. This includes the $100 million of pension benefits I referenced earlier. As you can see on slide 8, we are executing on a plan to deliver $1 billion to $1.5 billion of reductions in net general operating expenses over the 3-year period ending December 2017. This would represent approximately 10% to 15% reduction to our total company general operating expenses based on the full year of 2014. The body of work to accomplish these savings is quite broad and can be broken down into three major categories, organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business rationalization, each of which are detailed on slides 8 and 9. While a fair amount of work has been completed to date against these initiatives, particularly as it rates to moving certain functions to lower cost locations, simplifying our organizational structure, and optimizing benefits, more work remains to be done. Slide 10 represents our current capital structure. During the quarter we deployed over $3.7 billion towards the purchase of approximately 61 million shares, and we also purchased an additional $600 million worth of shares in October, leaving right at $2.9 billion of unused authorization. We also continue to manage the cost and maturity profile of our debt. In July we repurchased in cash tender offers roughly $3.7 billion in aggregate purchase price of the debt. During the third quarter we also issued a total of about $3.2 billion in senior debt to fund the tender. We continue to be opportunistic in our debt capital management, which is focused on the cost and maturity profile of the debt. Cash flow to the holding company remained strong, as you can see on slide 11. The company received total distributions from insurance subsidiaries of about $2.8 billion during the quarter, including over $500 million of tax sharing payments. We expect the insurance company dividends and distributions to be roughly $1 billion in the fourth quarter. Now with that I'd like to turn the call over to John.
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Today I will discuss our Commercial Insurance segment's third quarter results, market trends, and our strategic outlook. Pre-tax operating income in the third quarter was $815 million, a decrease from $1.2 billion in the same period last year. As David highlighted earlier, the decrease in investment returns was the primary driver in the decline in Commercial's operating income. In Property Casualty, as noted on page 13, our underwriting results benefited from modest catastrophe losses in the quarter but were offset by an increase in current accident year losses driven by higher loss expectations in Commercial Auto, Healthcare, and Environmental, higher-than-expected attritional losses in Property, and increased severe losses. For the 9 months severe losses were comparable to last year. However, they were approximately $100 million higher than expected. About a quarter of the period's severe losses were related to the Tianjin, China explosion. We expect modest accident year loss ratio improvement in the fourth quarter, which should continue into 2016. While short-tail results can be volatile in any given quarter, we remain confident that our strategies will drive sustainable improvement in the accident year loss ratio. Our actuarial review work this quarter resulted in $186 million of net adverse prior year reserve development associated with Healthcare and Environmental reserves. The change in loss picks had an outsized impact on the third quarter accident year loss ratio, as it fully reflects the year-to-date change in those loss picks. As a result we have taken remediation action, including exiting certain classes of these businesses. We also had favorable prior year reserve development of approximately $100 million in Property. Going forward you can expect us to continue our value-based management approach and reduce exposure to certain poorer performing segments of U.S. Casualty, which as you can see shrunk by 10% in the third quarter. Net premiums written declined just over 1% excluding FX. And as a result of our continuing strategy to optimize the portfolio and maintain underwriting discipline in overly competitive markets. We continue to have strong growth and focused lines of business, where we see good returns and greater opportunity, such as large limit and middle market property, cyber risk, and M&A insurance. I would expect continued pressure on the top-line growth, given the overall rate environment. However, diversification and new sources of distribution such as AIG-Ascot Re in Bermuda and the NSM acquisition are now contributing to our top line. General operating expenses declined from the year ago quarter, but the GOE ratio increased as a result of lower net premiums earned and the impact of the NSM acquisition. The increase in acquisition costs was primarily driven by the impact of NSM. Overall, rates declined by 1.4% in the quarter, driven by rate pressure in Property and across all lines in Asia Pacific and EMEA. Average rate change was positive in Casualty and essentially flat in Specialty and Financial Lines. If you turn to slide 14, Mortgage Guaranty's third quarter operating results were excellent, benefiting from improved loss experience due to lower expectation of delinquencies and higher cure rates. As you can also see production volume was also strong in the quarter. Although certain of our underwriting results in the quarter were disappointing, we remain confident in the underwriting improvements underway. And we expect to benefit from our further cost reduction efforts and capital efficiency initiatives. While there is a lot of work to do, it is clear to me that our investment in underwriting excellence, the application of science, and new technologies will improve client experience and make us a more efficient commercial insurer. Thank you. And I'd now like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. This morning I'll discuss the trends in our Consumer Insurance businesses and comments on our strategic initiatives, including our ongoing work in Japan. In the third quarter our Consumer Insurance businesses generated pre-tax operating income of $657 million. Turning to slide 16. Pre-tax operating income for Retirement was $635 million for the quarter, reflecting the lower alternative investment income that David highlighted, a decline in base portfolio income, and a lower net positive adjustment from the annual update of actuarial assumptions. Base portfolio income for retirement decreased as a result of lower reinvestment rates and lower invested assets, principally driven by significant dividends to AIG parent over the last 12 months. We continue to expect base yields to decline 2 basis points to 4 basis points per quarter given current interest rates. Retirement saw good overall sales growth, both sequentially and year over year, particularly in fixed annuities. The key growth drivers were broader distribution of new product offerings with fixed deferred annuity bank channel sales also benefiting from higher market interest rates as a result of widening credit spreads. We have continued to see good growth in index annuities, which we began breaking out on page 31 of the financial supplement this quarter. Net flows improved by almost $1.2 billion compared to the year ago quarter across our businesses, due to continued strong net flows in Retirement income solutions and improvements in net flows and Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement. Slide 18 presents results for our Global Life business. Life reported a pre-tax operating loss this quarter from lower alternative returns, mortality experience that was within pricing expectations but less favorable than the year-ago quarter, and a higher net negative adjustment from the update of actuarial assumptions. Life premiums and deposits grew 8% from the same quarter a year ago, excluding the effects of foreign exchange, reflecting the continued growth in Japan and the acquisition of AIG Life Limited. The AIG Life Limited and Laya Healthcare acquisitions were also the primary driver of growth in Life general operating expenses. Turning to slide 19. Personal Insurance results this quarter were impacted by lower net investment income and modestly lower underwriting income, which included higher catastrophe losses offset by favorable prior year development. Net premiums written grew 3.5% from the same quarter a year ago excluding the effects of foreign exchange, driven by growth across all products with the exception of warranty service programs in the U.S., where new premiums reflect the increased deductible structure we instituted to improve performance in this portfolio. The overall expense ratio declined 0.2 points as a decrease in the general operating expense ratio was partially offset by an increase in the acquisition ratio. The acquisition ratio increased primarily due to a profit-sharing arrangement in warranty service programs and higher acquisition costs in Automobile, partially offset by lower accidents and health direct marketing expenses. The general operating expense ratio decreased, primarily reflecting the timing of investment and strategic initiatives, together with an ongoing focus on cost efficiency. In Japan we continue to accelerate growth in our target markets, while making significant progress in preparation for the legal merger. We have determined that work we have completed to date enables cost benefits even before legal merger, including realignment of our marketing activities and simplification of our structure, leading to our decision to reduce emphasis on the actual merger date and extend the timeline. By doing this we can continue to enhance current performance, take actions to meet new regulatory requirements, and reduce the amount of immediate investment required without jeopardizing the eventual merger. To close for our Consumer businesses we remain focused on achieving profitable growth and effectively managing risk by executing on our customer focused strategies, maintaining a prudent risk profile, and targeting capital efficient growth opportunities. Now I'd like to turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President - Investor Relations: Operator, can we open up our lines for Q&A please?
Operator: And we'll pause for just a moment to allow everyone an opportunity to signal for questions. And we'll take our first question from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Peter, just following up on your commentary about the Icahn proposal and a three-way breakup. You commented on the Life Insurance and Property Casualty, but not United Guaranty. Can you give us an update on your thoughts there? Whether that's a business that you would consider divesting?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Tom, thank you for the question. So UGC is a business which was for sale for virtually nothing back in the crisis days. And since then we've invested in it, modernized it, and taken it from number five to number one in its industry, and it's performing very well today. We've kept it as a very modular unit, so it gives us strategic flexibility. But today it is a core business making a significant contribution to the company. But over time we are always flexible if the right opportunity to monetize assets was to come along. But today it's core, contributing, and we enjoy certain operational synergies with it. It originates whole loans for our investment portfolio and gives us I think a source of attractive returns in the mortgage market. So we don't announce or pre-announce any strategic actions. And so no further comment on the topic.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got you. And then just a follow-up related to that business I guess for David. In terms of your capital framework are you currently holding a significant capital buffer related to the ownership of United Guaranty? Can you comment as to how that overall works into your capital position?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Tom, the capital that we hold for that business is much more manageable by AIG, given our broad balance sheet, our ability to fund the capital need through internal reinsurance. And likewise we did a recent cap bond that was also a very capital efficient transaction for us. So I wouldn't characterize it as a buffer. We're holding adequate capital, and we have adequate capital flexibility with respect to that business.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: And I think the important capital constraint on this is the PMIERs capital constraint. So that's really the right lens to view the capital adequacy for UGC's current book of business and future growth prospects.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Nadel with Piper Jaffray.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Operator: You have reached the maximum time permitted for recording your message.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President - Investor Relations: Operator? Operator, do we have a problem with the line?
Operator: It looks like  I do not know. Let me try my....
Operator: ...time permitted for recording...
Operator: We'll go ahead to our next question with Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President - Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Just two questions. First for John. John, at the beginning of the year I seem to recall you thinking that you would have a pretty decent improvement in the underlying loss ratio in the Commercial business, and you really haven't seen that. I'm wondering why? Has it been pricing? Has it been loss activity? What's the reasons behind the lack of improvement?
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: Sure, Jay. As you know over the course of the last several years we've had meaningful improvement in our accident year loss ratio. I think since the beginning of 2011 about 8.5 points of accident year loss ratio improvement. So we've done well over time. But it has flattened out this year. And I think really driven by two different things. One is higher than expected short-tail losses. I commented briefly on the severe losses in the quarter. And then we saw generally higher severity than we had expected in Transportation, Commercial Auto, in Environmental, and in Healthcare. So as you saw we took action in the quarter, put remediation plans in place from the underwriting point of view, moved some segments of those lines into run-off as well. But took the opportunity to strengthen current accident year reserve. So as I said I do expect some modest improvement, not what we had expected earlier in the year, given what has happened in those markets, those segments. But we do expect a bit of loss ratio improvement in the fourth quarter and again next year. Costs will in this market become increasingly important as well. So that remains an important lever for us as we go forward.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. And, I guess, next one for...
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jay, I would  this is David. I would just add  and, John, you may want to comment, we  with respect to the current accident year loss pick catch-up, so there was some of that in the quarter as well. You may want to talk...
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: Yeah. I commented that on my earlier remarks. But in Healthcare and in Commercial Auto, when we strengthen the loss picks in the quarter it goes back to 1:1 (31:31). So it has got an outsized impact on the current quarter reported results.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. I was looking at the 9 months. Probably better to look at that I imagine.
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: Right.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Other question for Peter. Peter, you mentioned that being designated as SIFI has not held you back from repurchasing shares. At the same time I would suspect that that designation has caused AIG to hold excess capital, simply because you don't understand what the actual rules are going to be, as they haven't been fully announced yet. Is that the case? Are you holding some excess capital than you normally would have because of the SIFI designation?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: The answer is definitively no. I think that the right way to look at this if you  we are among about 30 SIFIs, banks and non-banks. And we anticipated this designation before we exited the government's cradle. And therefore executed massive deleveraging and divestitures of precisely the activities which the SIFI regulations were designed to eliminate. So whether it's ILFC, whether it's American General Finance, or other activities, our Consumer finance businesses, which required short-term funding. So we don't have run risk in terms of short-term obli's(32:56). We eliminated the derivatives book. So unlike other SIFIs that are today in a deleveraging and divestiture mode, we got that done by the end of 2011. So it's simply not the binding constraint. The rating agencies are the critical binding constraint that governs our buyback pace. And the longer they get comfortable with the stability of our operating model and our ability to execute on it, the more and more they will give us capacity to use capital more efficiently than we have in the past. But it's definitively not either current or anticipated SIFI capital rules.
Jay Arman Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks for the answer.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you very much. So, Peter, can we talk a little bit about head count and understanding the roles that the people, who are technically positioned at the holdco, have relative to what their functions would be allocated to the subs. I mean, and not to say that we're trying to take those positions down, but rather understanding the nature of the hiring of people who are holdco personnel.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: So very few people are actually employed in the holdco per se. So I think that just sort of read more into your question perhaps, how do we view shared services? We have a number of very sizeable shared service centers, which perform a range of services from operations, technology, claims, and other activities, and finance that are in low-cost locations both in the United States and overseas. And we've been moving roughly 2,000 jobs to those low-cost centers per year. And so this is a very substantial shift in the head count mix and the cost per unit of head count. You had an increase in the total head count during this transition period, because you have to mirror the jobs. You can't just flip the switch overnight. And so you have a doubling up of a number of these jobs. The pace of that migration, which started about 3.5 years ago, has gone from about 1,600 migrations in 2014 to about 2,000 this year. So it's a very substantial shift in the way the company has provided services to create scale and rationalization of a very diffused operational environment, and has improved controls and provides the platform for future automation of what were very manual processes that were decentralized and had a lot of redundancy. So I don't know whether that helps answer your question, but that's sort of the basic head count story.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: It's a good answer. And if we think 3 years out, how does the head count look at AIG compared to where it looks today?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that there will be fewer people, because a lot of those jobs will eventually be replaced by automation. We also, beyond the head count numbers that you see, have a very substantial number of contractors. And that number will also decline. So between contractors and head count in total we'd expect that number to be substantially lower. And our technology would be a bigger part of the spend and the scalable infrastructure that gives us, will lower our unit costs substantially.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well thank you and good luck.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. First for John, if I could. Can you quantify the true-ups on the current accident year? So maybe give us a current accident quarter loss ratio in Commercial.
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: If I understand your question, I think it was about a 2-point impact, the loss pick impact in the quarter relating to Healthcare, Auto, and Environmental as well.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then you talked about NSM in the release as well. How much of an impact did that have on the expense ratio in Commercial?
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: Modest. But I think  are you talking about acquisition or geo?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. That acquisition is the one that bumped up, and I think you'd mentioned that in the release.
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: Yes. So a combination of growth in programs at a higher acquisition rate and then writing less Casualty business in the U.S., much of which is net of commission, drove the increase in acquisition cost.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And so is the NSM piece  is that going to be a permanent increase in the acquisition expense? Or does that somehow  is there something one-time-ish, because of the acquisition timing that caused that?
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: No, there was nothing one-time-ish about it. We've had a long history of being a leader in the program business in the United States. It's consistent with our strategy on how we go down market in the U.S. and focus on niche classes with unique products. NSM gives us access to distribution, to agency distribution, that we otherwise don't have. And our program strategy does the same thing. We've done business with them for a long time. So there was nothing kind of one-off-ish about the results in the quarter. It's a higher value, a greater risk adjusted profitability in that segment relative to the U.S. Casualty business. So the trade-offs are about risk adjusted bottom-line results between those two units.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And I guess  and then sort of shifting over to Japan for a second. Kevin, you mentioned extending the timeline on the merger. I guess that's the integration of the brands there. Can you just remind us how much is that impacting the expense ratio in Consumer? And when should we start to see that come through on the expense side?
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance: Thanks, Mike. As we've consistently said with respect to the merger in Japan, the timeline is something that is determined by external as well as our own events. And the reality is that recently there has been a new regulatory requirement to change the earthquake rates on certain of the property products. And in anticipation of that we've really been focusing on trying to understand, how can we extract benefits from the investments that we've made to date? Even before the actual legal merger date, we've invested quite a lot in a series of common products and a front end that serves both the agency businesses and also our footprint strategy across the businesses. And so even though the actual merger date itself may have to be pushed out a little bit because of this regulatory requirement, we do expect some of the early benefits to start emerging as early as next year. We recently announced that we're refocusing our direct marketing activities of supplemental health insurance in Fuji Life, which is really something that is facilitated by this. And that we'll start winding down activities at American Home. And this is a good example of the type of simplification of our organizational structure and our marketing activities that the investments that we have made in preparation for the merger will allow. So this allows us to reduce a little bit the emphasis on expenses in the preparation for the merger itself, as well as extracting benefits earlier. So we anticipate that the benefits  we're still investing in preparation for the legal merger. So we're not going to be at the run rate we expect to be in 3 years to 5 years immediately, but we'll start to see less pressure on expenses as of next year.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then I mean just generally looking across the two, I guess it looks like you're seeing  you've talked a lot about improvements on the general operating side. We've seen some of that come through a little bit, but it's being more than offset by a higher acquisition expense ratio. And so I'm just trying to figure out when  what should those be? What should the expense line look like? What are you internally going to be happy with? And I would just generally say I think it would be helpful instead of just looking at the expenses and profitability on a year-over-year basis when discussing results, thinking about them relative to where you want them to be and kind of what your plan is to get there over a reasonable period of time. I mean that would be helpful. Thanks.
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance: So I understand the point, Mike. And we have loss ratios in the various businesses that we believe are competitive and sustainable. And it is the expense and the acquisition costs that we're focusing on. As Peter mentioned  and in fact if you go back to the Investor Day we held last year, we introduced the market maturity model, where essentially we're identifying what are the appropriate products and channels to be in, in which territories. And we've taken action. We've actually moved away from writing new business in 17 territories for Automobile as an example, where we just didn't have scale. We're doing the same thing with respect to Personal Property and focusing our investments in the places where we can generate scale. And we recognize that we have to match that world-class loss ratio with an appropriate expense structure. And we are taking steps to do so. On the acquisition costs I'll just add that really what's driving the acquisition cost is the change in the warranty services structure in the States, where we did introduce a substantial deductible change to the program as we explained a year or so ago. And that is bringing down the loss ratio, which then has the effect of increasing of profit sharing arrangements. And that's what's really driving the specific acquisition ratio.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Nadel with Piper Jaffray.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you so much. And I apologize for that earlier. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to start on DIB and GCM. Given the volatility this quarter  and I know a couple of quarters ago you collapsed DIB and GCM into a single-line item. But I was hoping that you could give us a sense for what its actual contribution was in the quarter? I know you articulated what the shortfall was versus your expectation. And then can you also update us on where the NAV of DIB and GCM was at the end of the quarter? Thank you.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're  Gary (sic) [John], thanks. It's David. We haven't updated the NAV disclosure at this time. You might  we also did not  during the quarter did not free up any additional capital from it. So it wouldn't be materially different than it was in prior disclosure. So I would just point you to that.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): And in the actual quarter, David. What was the  was it a negative contribution?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Hold on one second. (44:58  45:06) Yeah. It was just call it breakeven for the quarter.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on the $500 million to $600 million expense save run rate by the end of 2017. Is that a  should we be thinking about 100% of that being a bottom line impact? Or is there some level of reinvestment that we should be expecting against that number?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It'll  that'll be a net number obviously. There could be some additional reinvestments that we do along the way. But the way to think about the $500 million to $600 million, again along the themes that Peter talked about earlier about driving efficiency, about half of the savings will come from an efficiency play as well as the business rationalization. And there could be some  Peter, you want to add?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. No. I think that we made the decision to talk about the 3% to 5% or $1 billion to $1.5 billion expense number target as a net number. So it's inclusive of substantial and growing investment in technology and growth initiatives. So the number that was cited earlier, the $300 million to $500 million, ebbed into the $500 million, $600 million is related to the specific actions in our announced restructuring charge. So it's really a component of the broader net target.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Understood. Thank you. And then one last one. And that's just on the Fed and SIFI and capital standards and how you're being governed today. I mean for a number of years  and Bob [Benmosche] used to talk about the embracement of the Fed and their involvement in effectively everything you guys do. I'm just trying to understand what is it at this point? Do they give tacit approval of your capital actions? And if they do, Peter, what is it based off of? What's the  what are the primary couple of metrics that we can look at, at least today, that give us a sense for what the Fed is looking at?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well as I mentioned earlier the Fed and any anticipated rules that they may come up with from a capital perspective have absolutely no bearing on our capital returns. The one area where I'd say that they are watching very carefully is to make sure that our internal governance process is up to the highest possible standards. So that when we do decide to take capital actions that that is not management shooting from the hip, it's management documenting why they decided to do what they do, getting the board fully onboard with that decision, and documenting their board's approval. So it's our own true north of what we think makes sense. And as I mentioned in the earlier question the binding constraint today is the attitude of the rating agencies. And so where we have incurred additional compliance costs as a result of the Fed's involvement, it's around improving governance and operational risk as opposed to capital. As I mentioned earlier we de-levered the company and simplified the risk profile so much.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: In order to exit early from the government's assistance program, that it just simply, not an issue for us. It's a huge issue for others, and that's why this issue gets so much public discussion. They haven't de-levered their balance sheets yet.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And then lastly I know  just following up on the rating agency as sort of the primary governor. Obviously one quarter doesn't necessarily change things too dramatically. But do you think the rating agencies buy into a bunch of the adjustments that you guys are citing here when it comes to thinking about interest coverage?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that interest coverage has been an issue in the past. I think that we've done a lot to change the debt profile by replacing high coupon debt with fresh low coupon debt. But most importantly replacing short term debt with very long term debt. So today we have very little exposure to refinancing risk at all. And the other thing is that we make less and less of a distinction between financial and operating leverage. Some of our key competitors have perhaps better interest coverage ratio, but a whole lot more leverage in their operating companies than we do. So I think that there's no single ratio that the rating agencies fixate on. It's a broader set of issues that they look at in terms of our risk management governance and our commitment to using the right kind of criteria for prioritizing business in terms of looking at risk adjusted returns as opposed to simply volume. So the value versus volume is starting to take root in the culture of the company in a way that I think is being noticed by the rating agencies. But the biggest issue with the rating agencies is seeing a longer track record of stability in the group structure. We had to massively overcapitalize the company in the immediate emergence from the Fed assistance, as a result of the fact that there was no track record of the group as it stood. We had sold so many companies in the immediate aftermath that they wanted to see some stability. And so that's why it's very important that we maintain a steady process of simplification, as opposed to any radical abruptness, which is simply attract more capital against the uncertainties.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you so much. That's really helpful. And your point on operating versus financial debt is definitely not lost on me. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning. I had a question on UGC. You mentioned PMIERs as being the constraint on capital. But the IAIS has come out with new capital or possible per capital requirements on the HLA that seem to be higher than PMIERs. And I understand that this is not done yet. It still would need to be adopted. But does that higher capital constraint potentially make you think differently about UGC, its capital requirements, and what its long-term future is at AIG?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's interesting. On the one hand what you say is correct. But the other hand they present value reserves. And so it actually becomes a more benign regime than the PMIERs. So PMIERs is the binding constraint, because it does not present value reserves.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And just a question on Fuji also. I think the way we thought about Fuji and the expenses reduction has been in essence a cliff reduction when the merger actually happens. Are you telling us now that that's more a gradual improvement? And there's still a cliff somewhere out there? Or how would we expect to see that ultimately?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Kevin take that.
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance: Yeah. Thanks, Gary. The answer is yes. We have previously characterized the benefits emergence as essentially a cliff after the legal merger date. But we did recognize that our responsibility is to try to extract benefits as early as possible. And we consistently review how it is that we can benefit from the investments that we're making. And we have identified that we can take steps now to begin to extract benefits earlier than what we had previously anticipated. After the legal merger, of course, there will be further benefits, because we will be able to wind down duplication of systems and product ranges. But, in the meantime, we are able to make progress on combining certain marketing activities and management activities.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And just if I could sneak in one more. On the restructuring charge, is this reaching down into Commercial, Property Casualty people? I mean, is this kind of higher level services that are being affected or is this somehow reorganizing what's going on in the trenches, so to speak?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: So as I mentioned earlier, this is really targeting senior leaders, the top 1,400 of the firm. No area of the firm is left untouched. But it's certainly not just simply a pro rata. It's a thoughtful and selective, very targeted approach, which has been worked on for over 9 months with great attention to how the future mix of business will require leaders. I'd like to add that these are leaders that have contributed hugely to the transition of the company. And we just  with a more focused, narrower strategy going forward, we just need fewer generals on the field. And so these are quite talented and highly paid individuals. We just simply need fewer cooks in the kitchen.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: All right. Thank you very much for the answers.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yes. Thank you. David or Peter, I wonder if you could quantify what the covariance benefit is that the rating agencies give you from the diversification? Or give us some perspective so we can kind of think about it?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hang on one second. (55:45  55:50) I think it's the S&P  the explicit diversification benefits, I don't know that we have disclosed publicly, but it is quite substantial. It's north of $5 billion in diversification benefits.
Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Wow. Okay.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Classified that way.
Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. And then the second question is, Peter, if I look at your corporate expenses, call it around $1 billion a year, and I think you've kind of referred  you said there's not a lot of people at the holding company. What is that corporate expense? I know some of it's the incentive comp program. So I guess that directly relates down to the subsidiaries. How much of it is truly corporate versus stuff that kind of could be pushed down?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: David, why don't you take that?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'm sorry. Could you clarify that question again?
Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Yeah. So if I look at  when you disclose a corporate expense number.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Right? Not including interest. Right? And if I look at that, I know you've run some incentive comp adjustments within that number. I'm just curious what of that is actually true corporate kind of expenses, regulatory, whatever versus stuff that's really related to the operating units?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That is primarily a corporate-related, governance-related activity. There's some amount of regulatory in there, obviously. And there's a portion of finance in there. But we do push down quite a bit of expenses. The IT expenses are on a consumption basis. So it is a mixture. It's not one or the other.
Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Got you, guys.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that  yes. I think philosophically we want to move to a consumption-based transfer pricing mechanism throughout the company. But we are still in a hybrid of historical legacy approaches of allocated cost and historical cost approaches. So it's a transition to a much more market-driven approach internally to provide appropriate incentives to outsource where it makes sense and insource where it makes sense. But I think that's hopefully helpful for you to see where we are.
Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. And so I guess you're saying that corporate expense line, there is some that could theoretically, when you do go to a consumption-based approach, that would be pushed down to the operating segments?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On a consumption basis but it is also subject to the same expense reduction initiatives that we've outlined.
Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Right.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And some of what we did this quarter will in fact be evident in that line.
Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: And generally speaking we've tried very hard to make sure that our frontline businesses are focused on growing marginal profitability and not confusing marginal with fully loaded, where fixed costs are just arbitrarily allocated. So we've tried to keep fixed cost in more centralized pools, where we have accountable executives to reduce those fixed costs to lower the break-even point for businesses that are subscale but need to grow. We don't want to confuse the strategic signals as to whether it's a unit cost problem or whether there's a lack of scale problem. And that's one of the reasons why we don't just do arbitrary allocation. So that's our approach.
Brian R. Meredith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President - Investor Relations: Operator, I think we're at the top of the hour. So I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And we will certainly get back to anyone who still has questions and was remaining in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President - Investor Relations Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co. John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc. Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Josh Clayton Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIG's Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Elizabeth Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President - Investor Relations: Thank you, Anthony. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first and second quarter 2015 Form 10-Q, and our 2014 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and also under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on our website. At this time I'd like to turn the call over our CEO, Peter Hancock. Peter?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Liz, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I'd like to discuss key highlights from the second quarter; the progress we're making towards our financial targets, the quality and strength of our balance sheet, and provide an update on capital management. I'm pleased with our overall momentum and believe our scale and focus on being our clients' most valued insurer will lead to continued success across our businesses. Turning to page 3, our key operating metrics. Trends include improved combined ratios for commercial insurance. Strong alternative investment returns contributed to investment income, despite pressure on consumer base yields. John and Kevin will provide additional comments on the performance of their respective businesses and how they're being positioned for sustained profitability. Our second quarter results demonstrated our commitment to balancing growth, profitability, and risk. (2:11  2:21) reduction target, but have more work to do. Book value per share excluding AOCI and DTA was over $62, up 3% for the quarter and 10% from a year ago. We expect continued growth in book value per share, as our business deliver on improved profitability and we deploy excess capital. Following the update to our capital plan we announced an additional $5 billion share repurchase authorization and a 124% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.28 this quarter, which highlights our growing confidence in sustainable earnings. Given the substantial increase to our dividend we will include dividend growth in the 10% or more book value growth target. On the expense front we continue to simplify our businesses and processes, while continuing to invest in technology and infrastructure, which is driving our 3% to 5% in net expense reduction and allows us to focus on providing the greatest value to our customers. David will provide additional details on general operating expenses in his remarks. The shifting profitability dynamics of Commercial Insurance markets impacted our second quarter ROE, but does not diminish our outlook. We expect to reach our 50-basis point target for the year, adjusted for the lost AerCap earnings and the timing of capital deployment associated with the AerCap sale proceeds. Continued underwriting improvements and expense reductions are the essential keys to reaching this target. We also believe that the current normalized ROE under GAAP doesn't fully reflect actions taken in recent years to build intrinsic value and further enhance balance sheet quality. As just one example our investment gains taking program has put pressure on investment income, but allowed for DTA utilization that freed up capital for share repurchases. While this was the right economic decision, the negative near-term ROE impact is about 70 basis points. In the quarter and through July we actively repurchased shares below our estimate of intrinsic value. Since our fourth quarter earnings call through the end of July we've repurchased approximately 80 million shares for $4.7 billion, leaving $1.3 billion remaining under our previous authorization. I would note that for a portion of the quarter we were in blackout due to the AerCap sale. In July we also extended our debt maturities, further enhancing balance sheet quality. Our current debt-to-capital ratio is approximately 16% and shareholder's equity, excluding AOIC and DTA, is over $80 billion, which we believe positions AIG for sustainable profitable growth. In our annual shareholder's letter we referred to floating or selling businesses that lack synergy with our core operations. While we believe that our core insurance businesses largely meet our customers' needs and our economic return objectives, we are actively considering divestures to sculpt the company into a more coherent organization. We also consider acquisitions as a potential strategy to build capabilities that meet our customers' needs, enhance our infrastructure, contribute to growth, and that are not overly capital intensive. Our mission is to empower our clients to be their most valued insurer through our risk and claims expertise as well as our financial strength. Now I'd like to turn it over to David.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning I'll speak to our quarterly financial results, the progress towards our financial objectives, and our capital management. Turning to slide 4, you can see our insurance pre-tax operating income in the second quarter declined about 8% from a year ago. Commercial Insurance results included higher prior year loss reserve development, offset by reserve discount benefit, higher count losses, somewhat offset by higher investment income and lower operating expenses. Commercial Insurance results included the quarterly change in workers' compensation discount, which was a $270 million benefit, given the second quarter increase in interest rates and credit spreads. Net adverse prior year development, net of reinsurance premium and premium adjustments of $279 million, was due largely to our commercial auto book. Within Consumer less favorable mortality results in life and lower net investment income in personal insurance drove the comparison. Reported net income in the second quarter was $1.8 billion and included net after-tax realized capital gains of $79 million, which included an after-tax realized capital gain associated with the sale of a portion of our holdings in Springleaf of just over $230 million and an after-tax realized capital loss of just over $350 million associated with the sale of a portion of our AerCap shares, including the write-down to fair value of our remaining stake. We continue to hold about 10.7 million shares or about 5.4% of AerCap's outstanding shares. We also incurred a little over $200 million in after-tax loss on extinguishment of debt, as we continue to pursue economically attractive debt repurchases. Slide 5 provides details on the corporate and other operations. As I mentioned last quarter, given the substantial progress in the wind down of the Direct Investment Book and Global Capital Markets, or DIB-GCM, we are no longer reporting DIB-GCM as a separate component of Corporate and Other. Earnings generated by the assets and derivative positions of the former DIB-GCM are being reported in a line called income from other assets. In addition to the returns from these assets, this line includes earnings associated with the legacy real estate investments, the legacy life settlement portfolio, and the parent company liquidity portfolio. Income from other assets was just over $500 million in the second quarter. Earnings from our investment in AerCap through the date of the sale were $127 million. Our 5.4% stake in AerCap is being accounted for under the available-for-sale method, and thus no equity method earnings will be recognized going forward. PICC generated about $170 million in pre-tax operating income in the quarter. This mark-to-market will be volatile from period to period as we have seen since June 30. Our reported operating tax rate was just over 34%, in line with but at the high end of our expectations. Turning to our financial objectives on slide 6. Book value per share ex-AOCI and DTA continues to grow at a strong rate with a 7% increase year to date and a 10% increase year over year, reflecting net earnings and the accretive share repurchases. With respect to ROE, we estimate a normalized ROE for purposes of measuring our progress against an internal baseline of 7.4%. On this basis, ROE year to date is roughly flat to that baseline. The normalization adjustments for workers' compensation discount, prior-year development, better than expected investment returns, and lower than expected cat losses, among other things, together lowered our reported operating ROE by roughly 260 basis points for the quarter and 150 basis points for the year. Our reported operating ROE, excluding AOCI and DTA, was 9.3% for the quarter and 8.8% year to date. General operating expenses, which are summarized on slide 7, were $2.9 billion in the second quarter and $5.7 billion year to date, down 3.6% for the quarter and 3.5% year to date from the same period a year ago. The favorable effects of a strengthening U.S. dollar benefited the year-over-year comparisons, but were offset by other noteworthy items in the quarter. Increase in expenses from completed acquisitions were not offset by any divestitures. Also higher pension costs associated with the current low interest rate environment negatively impacted year-over-year comparisons and should have less of an impact as rates rise. Further, I would emphasize that the trends can vary from quarter to quarter. That being said, we remain focused and committed to the operational and cost efficiency, and we are on track to achieve our 3% to 5% objective through consolidation initiatives, such as our work in Japan, utilization of scaled service centers in lower cost locations, and other cost optimization initiatives. On slide 8 you can see our current capital structure. During the quarter we deployed over $2.3 billion towards the purchase of approximately 40 million shares. We also purchased an additional $965 million worth of shares in July. Our current unused authorization stands at roughly $6.3 billion. We also continue to manage the cost and maturity profile of our debt. In April we repurchased in cash tender offers $1.3 billion, aggregate purchase price. And in July we repurchased in cash and tender offers an additional $3.7 billion in aggregate purchase price. Also in July we issued a total of $2.5 billion of 10-year, 20-year, and 30-year notes. We also issued $290 million of 30-year callable notes. The average interest rate on our financial debt, including the hybrids, is now below 5%. We continue to be opportunistic in our debt capital management, which is focused on the cost and the maturity profile of our debt. We currently do not expect any meaningful change in our debt to total capital ratios from their current levels. Cash flow to the holding company remains strong, as you can see on slide 9. The holding company received total distributions from our insurance subsidiaries of about $2.1 billion during the quarter, including over $700 million in tax-sharing payments. We expect insurance company dividends and distributions of somewhere between $3 billion and $4 billion for the balance of the year. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John.
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Today I would like to discuss second quarter results, market trends, and our outlook for the remainder of 2015. Pre-tax operating income for the Commercial segment was $1.5 billion, compared to $1.6 billion in the prior-year quarter due to mixed results across the segment. Commercial Property Casualty pre-tax operating income declined largely due to cat losses that were higher than the unusually low quarter a year ago, but still below expectations. Mortgage Guaranty delivered another strong performance. And Institutional Markets completed a large terminal funding annuity in the quarter. Turning to slide 11. Commercial Property Casualty had modest top-line premium growth in the quarter, excluding the effects of foreign exchange. Specialty and Financial Lines recorded strong premium growth, which was largely offset by declines in Casualty and Property. Casualty, and in particular U.S. Casualty, was impacted by our continuing strategy to optimize the portfolio, while competitive market pressures affected U.S. Property E&S lines. We continue to see strong growth in our large limit and middle market property business globally, which is less catastrophe exposed than the E&S book. It is also where we are making significant investments in engineering and client risk services. Financial Lines grew in all regions, particularly in strategic areas such as M&A and cyber risk. Specialty had strong growth in programs, marine, and trade credit lines and included $30 million in revenue growth from the acquisition of NSM. Market conditions in aerospace continue to be challenging, and we are taking appropriate underwriting actions in that industry segment. Rates across Commercial Property Casualty declined slightly in the quarter, excluding U.S. property, which was down 5.3%. There was significant rate pressure in the Excess & Surplus Property business in the U.S., where rates decreased by 7.8% during the quarter. Specialty and Financial Lines recorded moderate  excuse me, modest rate increases globally. Our diversification by product and region somewhat mitigates the impact of competitive market trends. But given our efforts to optimize the portfolio and to walk away from inadequately priced business, we expect net premiums to be roughly flat for the second half of the year, excluding FX. The accident year loss ratio was 66.6% in the quarter, a slight increase from the prior year, reflecting higher severe losses in Specialty, an increased loss fix in segments of U.S. Casualty, partially offset by improved loss experience in Property. For the quarter and year to date severe losses are running slightly above expectations. We believe the second half accident year loss ratio will improve by approximately 1 point to 2 points, meaning that the full-year result will be close to the low end of our initial 1 point to 2 point full-year outlook. We remain confident in the actions we are taking to improve underwriting profitability. In the second quarter we increased commercial auto liability reserves by $285 million after frequency and severity trends exceeded expectations following the economic recovery. We have also taken appropriate underwriting actions in this segment as a result of those trends. General operating expenses continue to improve, decreasing 3% compared to the same period last year excluding the benefit from foreign exchange. Our organizational efficiency initiatives continue to come through, even as we invest in IT, shared services, and client risk services. Net investment income increased 6% and included $54 million of PICC appreciation and strong alternative investment returns. This more than offset lower interest and dividend income, which was driven by the low interest rate environment and our smaller investment portfolio, reflecting continued pay down of loss reserves. We expect trends related to the low interest rate environment and the relative size of the investment portfolio to continue for the remainder of the year. Turning to slide 12, Mortgage Guaranty pre-tax operating income was $157 million versus $210 million a year ago. The year ago results benefited from $89 million of favorable prior-year development versus $17 million this year. Operating earnings grew 16% year over year excluding the effect of prior-year development. Results reflect record-breaking new insurance written, favorably impacted by a drop in mortgage rates, which is driving refinance and purchase volumes, and improvements in existing home sales due to lower down payment requirements. Additionally delinquency rates continue to show an improving trend. In a rising interest rate environment we would expect new production to slow, although the outlook for the remainder of the year is better than we expected at the start of 2015. During July the Mortgage Insurance business also completed an innovative MI cap bond issuance, which transferred about $300 million of 2009 through 2013 risk to the capital markets. Turning to page 13, Institutional Markets pre-tax operating income decreased to $151 million from $170 million in the prior-year quarter, primarily driven by lower call and tender income, partially offset by higher investment yields on alternatives backing reserves and surplus. During the second quarter Institutional Markets completed a large terminal funding annuity transaction for $527 million in premium and covering about 2,700 participants. We participate in this market on a case-by-case basis, subject to our ability to achieve appropriate returns. While performance in the quarter overall was mixed, we continued to make good progress on our long-term strategies to improve the profitability and sustainability of the portfolio, while differentiating our offering to our clients. Thank you. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. This morning I'll discuss the trends in our Consumer Insurance businesses, provide an update on our ongoing investments in Japan, and comment on the Department of Labor's proposed fiduciary rule. In the second quarter our Consumer Insurance businesses generated pre-tax operating income of just over $1 billion. Our performance this quarter benefited from strong alternative investment income and continued fee income growth, which was offset by lower base portfolio income, less favorable mortality experience, and lower investment income and underwriting income in Personal Insurance. Base portfolio income decreased as a result of lower reinvestment rates and lower invested assets, principally driven by significant dividends to AIG parent over the last 12 months. Turning to slide 15, operating income for Retirement was $804 million for the quarter and benefited from strong alternative investment income performance and higher fees due to growth in separate account assets. On slide 16 you can see that base yields for Group Retirement benefited in the quarter from additional accretion income. We expect base yields to decline 2 basis points to 4 basis points quarterly for the remainder of the year, given higher interest rates. The impact to net investment spreads was partially mitigated by adhering to disciplined new business pricing and active management of crediting rates. The outflow of older policies, which carry higher crediting rates than current rates offered, also contributed to the reduction in our cost of funds, which has declined for both Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement over the last four quarters. Assets under management ended the quarter at $225 billion, 1% lower than a year ago, reflecting lower unrealized gains due to higher interest rates and the aforementioned substantial distributions to AIG parent over the last 12 months. Assets under management also reflected strong net flows from retirement income solutions and positive separate account investment performance that was partially offset by net outflows for Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement. Net flows for Fixed Annuities continued to be affected by low interest rates. And we will continue to maintain pricing discipline in this environment. The level of surrenders in our Group Retirement business declined both sequentially and compared to a year ago. We expect group surrenders to occur periodically as planned consolidations continue, although we are seeing a lower level than prior year. And Retirement Income Solutions, although recent markets results suggest pressure on new sales of variable annuities, our index annuity sales continued to gain momentum. And macro trends support the growing customer need for quality income solutions. Now let me turn to the Department of Labor's fiduciary rule proposal that I commented on briefly last quarter. At AIG we share the DoL's goal of ensuring that financial advisors work in their clients' best interest. And we endeavor to put that goal into practice every day. However we believe that the proposal as is may lead to unintended consequences for consumers that are inconsistent with the DoL's stated goals. We expressed these concerns in a comment letter we submitted to DoL on July 21. In this letter we focused on the policy considerations that we believe the DoL should consider to ensure that consumers have all the knowledge and tools necessary to actively plan, save for, and ultimately enjoy their retirement. We were encouraged by the recent news that the DoL plans to make modifications to the proposal. And we will continue to monitor this closely and work with the DoL and our industry peers to help achieve an outcome that benefits the American consumer. In terms of likely business impact we participate broadly in the retirement value chain through the Advisory space, Group Retirement, Fixed Annuities, Indexed Annuities, and Variable Annuities. If the rule as promulgated were to be implemented, each part of the business may be impacted differently with likely the greatest impact on the Advisory business and least impact on the Fixed and Indexed Annuity business. Because of our broad participation in the value chain, we are confident that we have the resources and expertise to respond as needed in any future environment and to continue to meet the growing needs of consumers for guaranteed lifetime income and other saving solutions. Slide 17 presents results for our Global Life business. Life pre-tax operating income of $149 million declined, primarily due to reduced contribution from mortality gains from the year ago quarter, which more than offset strong alternative investment income performance. Mortality remains within our pricing assumptions, although less favorable compared to the same period last year. General operating expenses increased from the same period last year, due to the expansion of our Life business in Japan and the U.K., and strategic investment in technology and distribution platforms. The acquisitions of Ageas Protect Limited, now AIG Life Limited, and Laya Healthcare have added about $25 million to quarterly run rate general operating expenses for Life. Life premiums and deposits grew 6% from the year ago period, excluding the effects of foreign exchange, reflecting the continued growth in Japan and the acquisition of AIG Life Limited. Turning to slide 18. Personal Insurance reported pre-tax operating income of $70 million, which reflects a decline in net investment income and lower underwriting income from the prior-year quarter. Net premiums written grew 2% from the same quarter a year ago, excluding the effects of foreign exchange, reflecting increased production in the Automobile business across all regions and in the Property business, primarily in the U.S. and Japan, due to new business growth in both Japan and the U.S. and improved client retention in the U.S. This growth was partially offset by decreased production in warranty service programs in the U.S., as new premiums reflect an increased deductible structure we instituted to improve performance in this portfolio. The personal insurance accident year loss ratio improved 0.6 points from the same quarter a year ago, reflecting lower losses in warranty relative to the increased deductible and in A&H. The lower loss ratio associated with the warranty program was largely offset by an increase in the related profit sharing arrangement, contributing to the 1-point increase in acquisition ratio from the prior year. The general operating expense ratio increased from the same period last year, primarily due to higher employee related expenses and the timing of technology related projects. We continue to invest in our businesses, including in Japan and our other strategic growth countries, such as China and Brazil, which has impacted our reported combined ratios. With respect to the Japan integration we remain intensely focused on execution of this major program of works. We expect to complete the integration of the two companies in the second half of 2016 or later, pending approval from the relevant authorities in Japan. While this integration date is slightly later than our original expectations, it does not impact our view of the attractive returns from this initiative. In our Private Client Group in Personal Insurance we remain focused on the high end of the U.S. market, targeting those individuals requiring a broad range of risk management, services, and insurance. For example we currently insure 40% of the Forbes richest Americans. We have been adding resources, capabilities, and additional product offerings for our clients and brokers to further enhance our position and capitalize on recent market opportunities in this segment. The Private Client Group annualized net premiums written totals about $1.4 billion. To close for our Consumer businesses we remain focused on achieving profitable growth and effectively managing risk by executing on our customer focus strategies, maintaining a prudent risk profile, and targeting capital efficient growth opportunities. Now I'd like to turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President - Investor Relations: Before we begin the Q&A I'd like to just say I know that the webcast was a little delayed this morning. And we'll be posting Peter's remarks immediately following the call for anyone who was on the webcast and missed those. Operator, could we open up the lines for Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. Today's question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. It appears our first question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I just have one question, Kevin, on  in International Consumer looks like the expense ratio was 41% or so in the quarter. It was up both year over year and versus the quarter. That was in North America Commercial  or Consumer. Can you talk a little bit about what happened there? And how should we be thinking about that? And was any of the tech spend that you referred to in that part of the business?
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance: I'm sorry, Mike. Can you just  can you repeat the last part of that question?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I just  whether any of the sort of technology spend that you referenced in your remarks were incorporated in that higher expense ratio?
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance: Yeah. In North America we are investing in the Private Client Group business as I mentioned. And that does include introducing some new administrative platforms. But I think the primary source of increase in our expense ratios really is for the investments that we're making in our growth markets in China and Brazil and also in preparation for the merger in Japan.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Right. But I mean year over year that North America expense ratio was up from 34% to 41%?
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance: Okay. All right. I think you're referring to the acquisition ratio, which is relevant to the warranty services program. But this loss ratio was offset by an impact from a profit sharing arrangement.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance: And that profit sharing arrangement shows up in the acquisition ratio.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So does that continue? Or is that something that is a one quarter phenomenon?
Kevin T. Hogan - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Consumer Insurance: It varies a bit quarter to quarter, depending on the underlying loss ratio performance in the warranty business, which is a little bit volatile. As you go back to 2013 you'll recall there was a spike in the losses there. And that's when we introduced the deductible into the program. So we're continuing to monitor the experience there. I think that the bulk of the earned premium change for the new program will be through in the next two quarters.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Great. And then just one question, Peter, on hold-co liquidity, I mean clearly you got $13.5 billion there, just over that, now. And you've got the repurchase authorization set up in front of you. How should we be thinking about once you kind of move through some of this capital, what's the right number that you should have at the holding company or do you to expect to have at the holding company sort of on a run rate basis? Thanks.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: So that's a somewhat dynamic number. It relates to the degree to which we're able to upstream excess capital from the subsidiaries, while maintaining the confidence of local stakeholders that care very much about those standalone entity capital ratios and liquidity positions. We  some portion of that liquidity at the holding company is  it's actually contingent capital to support the group wide risk levels. And as we did in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy, we promptly injected about $1 billion into the P&C sub. So it's not all surplus for general purposes. It's earmarked for that. So the risk profile is dynamic, depending on the growth of the underlying businesses. But we are very mindful of maintaining positive momentum with the rating agencies. And so the pacing of our capital return is based on  of your relative value of our stock versus any acquisition opportunities and organic growth opportunities. And the surplus is there in between those actions. So I think that there's no sort of fixed number that you can plug into a model. It's somewhat dynamic.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with Piper Jaffray.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you. Good morning. I have a couple of questions this morning. The first I guess is for John. John, you indicated that you still expect 1 point to 2 points of year-over-year improvement in the Commercial Lines accident year loss ratio in the back half of the year. If we look at the first half of the year though, it's  I guess it's slightly down. So I guess it's less clear to me where your confidence is stemming from in that case, particularly given the pricing dynamics that we're seeing. So maybe you can give us some color on that?
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: Sure, John. As I've talked about before, pricing is just one element of our underwriting improvement. Risk selection, mix of business, and investments and claims are also important levers. And then I mentioned our investment in client risk services. And Peter talked about our vision to be our clients' most valued insurer. We're winning business more today on that value proposition as opposed to in the past. So it's not strictly price. In the second half of the year I would expect Property underwriting  some of our shorter tail results in both Property and Specialty to return to more normal levels. And as I said at the beginning of the year there's some volatility obviously with the short tail lines.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah.
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: And I guess in addition to that the commercial auto, we  as I mentioned in my comments  we did up our loss fix largely around Commercial Auto in the second quarter. So there's some catchup in the second quarter, as we did it from the beginning of the year. So those are the primary drivers. But as I've said in the past there are going to be some bumps up and down along the way. But we do expect continued improvement in the second half.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe a question for David. So DIB and GCM now collapsed into this Other line with your Life Settlement investments, real estate and other stuff. Can you maybe give us a sense for all those things included in that Other investments net. What's a reasonable normal level of earnings contribution from all of those varying assets? Whether on an annual basis, a quarterly basis, some way to give us a sense? Because I think we've sort of lost sight of any real clarity there.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John. Sure. I guess a couple of ways to think about that. The amount of assets that are there, we give you some insight into that in the financial supplement; I think it's page 11.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And it's in the $30 billion range. And we lay all that out. And that's where all the assets in the Corporate and Other column there reside. As you say we've got the assets and the cash positions of the assets that were dedicated to the DIB-GCM. And that again, they haven't materially changed since we last reported them. You've got the mark-to-market. And you do have some terminations still from time to time. So if you think about the earnings there, there was about $500 million of earnings this period. And then if you add to that the earnings on PICC, they're included in that $30-odd billion on page 11, as well as the AerCap shares. That was all in that. So you've got about $800 million worth of earnings on $30-odd billion of assets. So, again, it will move around. It will be variable from period to period. But that's kind of how you ought to think about it, is comparing that balance sheet to those earnings. And again, you can get a sense of things like PICC, which is going to have some variability to it.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And then if I could sneak one more follow-up in. Just thinking about the normalizing adjustments to the ROE, you're removing 100% of the unfavorable prior year development. I guess you're just doing that in each period just for your comparability purposes. You're not really trying to signal to us  or maybe you are  that prior year development is expected to essentially go away or be a zero drag or a zero contribution, are you?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I'll start. Peter, if you want to comment as well. But we do normalize 100% of it. Likewise, we normalize 100% of the discount change. And again, we make our best estimates on the reserves, so we're not signaling either we expect favorable or unfavorable. We're making our best estimates. And you've seen a reserve development on both sides of that. I don't know if...
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): I guess maybe  yeah, sorry. Maybe just a better way of asking the question is, when you think about that 50 basis points or better of ROE improvement, you're not assuming any drag or contribution from prior year?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. With regard to the rapid consolidation in the Property Casualty sector, can you talk about what you think the implications are for Chubb and ACE getting together? And whether that means AIG perhaps needs to do a large deal?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's Peter here. No. I don't think that it has any implications for us needing to do a deal. We are already by many measures one of the largest insurers in the sector. I think that margin pressure and other issues may be driving others to consolidate. And I think we've got a lot of work to do to digest the acquisition and merger in Japan with Fuji Fire and Marine. We've got work to do to divest things that don't fit well within our vision of the company in the future. And we will be making more modest acquisitions to add capability. So what it does do is it creates opportunity for us I think both in terms of customers, talent and a slight shift in the balance of power between carriers and brokers. Because in the high net worth space in the U.S. for instance, you've gone from four carriers to two in the space in the last 6 months with that consolidation  and the Fireman's deal. So I think there's puts and takes. But I don't see any change in our strategy as a function of this. Maybe a better market for anything that we sell.
Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: On the divestitures comment, Peter, what areas perhaps would AIG look to exit?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't specified any particular properties. But we're looking very carefully through our strategic review of where the synergies exist today, where they could exist in the future, and where we feel there are particularly strong bids for assets that may or may not fit in our future. So we won't declare that until we're ready to sell.
Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I see. And then on the pace of the buyback, clearly it ramped up dramatically I think in part driven by the AerCap divestiture. Should we consider that roughly $2 billion-plus a quarter buyback pace as a run rate now?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: We signaled in the first quarter that we were shifting from what we described as a metronome-like buyback pace to a more dynamic buyback strategy. And the reason for that is various. But in particular as the share price appreciates, we are very value conscious. And we look at the relative value of buybacks versus alternative uses of capital. And certainly don't want to be buying back stock above intrinsic. So I think it's a number that will be somewhat dynamic as a function of opportunities to grow our core businesses through organic growth. But that's fairly modest. But more importantly market dynamics in terms of the share price versus intrinsic.
Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Of course. And put another way that the remaining $6.3 billion authorization, do you think that could be completed say by early 2016?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I can see situations where it could be completed by the end of this year. And I can see situations where it might extend a bit. So I don't think there is a strong constraint. Obviously, we've got daily limits in terms of the permissible amounts per day. But other than that I think we've got room to accelerate this well within the 2015 calendar year. But it will be dynamic.
Jay H. Gelb - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I think that would be welcomed. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning and thank you. First question, Peter, you mentioned that the 50-basis point ROE improvement this year is adjusted for the AerCap divestiture, which means that you're excluding this out. I just wonder what's the earnings impact from recent divestiture, including AerCap as well as you've  last quarter you mentioned about like redistribute about $2 billion of released capital from your DIB and GCM?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: David, why don't you take that?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Kai, it's David. On the AerCap the foregone earnings that we would've expected on a pre-tax basis were somewhere around $400 million or so for the balance of the year. And dependent on the assumptions on the capital redeployment that will drive or will affect the actual ROE adjustment. But it's somewhere in the 30 basis points to 35 basis points on a full-year basis. So you can  that sort of gives you the parameters.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And about the...
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And then on the  go ahead?
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And on the Direct Investment Book?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, sure. And I was going to comment that the $2 billion of capital that we released was part of the consideration and part of the capital that we evaluated in amending our capital plan. So it has been taken into account.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Would that have impact on the earnings going forward?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. Not really. It was earning only a modest amount.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's great. Then follow-up maybe for John. Could you talk a bit more about the Commercial Auto business? And also is that the  it's not just for  is this just for this sort of accident year? And also is that related also to your  the $279 million reserve changes in the Commercial lines?
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: Sure, Kai. It was about a $285 million charge to strengthen commercial auto reserves. I was certainly disappointed in the result. The book had performed pretty well through 2010. And it in fact performed very, very well during the height of the recession in 2008 and 2009. We certainly expected a return to more normal loss trends during the economic recovery and began to see that. But over the course of last couple of years saw some data emerging that changed our outlook a bit. We did begin taking some underwriting action more than a year ago and pushed some rate increases through more than a year ago. But both frequency and severity exceeded our expectation. Some of the data we saw a year ago we thought may have been a bit of an anomaly. But as we did our deeper dive and updated things throughout the course of the last four quarters that turned out to not be the case. So we've revised those plans and our pricing targets based on the deeper view we just did in the second quarter. And are taking action in the market right now.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Well thanks so much for all the answers.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would just make a further comment about this. Which is that while this is the  a fairly sizable adverse development in recent accident years, the cumulative development in recent accident years is still positive, including this. So I think that's an important sort of contextual fact.
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: I mean we've had about  close to $200 million of favorable development from 2011 through 2014 accident years.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Inclusive of this.
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: Including the Commercial Auto charge.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. First question for either David or Peter. So if I look at the 50 basis point ROE improvement guide that you're reaffirming, that would imply for next year. And I grant that I heard what you said about AerCap for this year. But for next year that would still imply about we'll call it $580 million of earnings power, which would be about 45% per share earnings growth over what you had produced this quarter. Now I realize this quarter had some negative items in it. But that's pretty steep earnings growth in a year. Can you comment on conviction level on getting there or at least close to there? And whether or not you need some serious tailwinds to emerge to get there?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think that for a start the way we think about this year-on-year improvement is to normalize a lot of the noise. So as much as possible of that improvement is within our control. And probably the most important driver that's in our control is expenses. And we have a number of major initiatives to deliver on our expense targets. And we have a high degree of confidence that 2016 will meet or exceed our expense targets. And so we are working hard on that. There are obviously other dynamics that are less in our control, as John has talked about in terms of shifting profitability dynamics in the Commercial sector. But we have the benefit of an extremely diverse book and a dynamic allocation of capital and business mix to respond to those changing dynamics. And we also have the possibility of capital deployment and the timing of that in a way that will be accretive.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got you. And, Peter, in thinking about the  you led off with the  on the expense side. And I know Kevin had mentioned second half of 2016 or later is when you expect the Japan merger to close. Is that really the biggest lever that you have out there? And will that be we'll call it a big sort of cliff pipe scenario in the overall expense base of the company? Or is it not likely to be that extreme?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's one of several, to be honest. It's one that has been in the pipeline for such a long time that we have referred to it many times in previous calls. So I think that that's  it is a substantial amount of money. And it does tail off pretty fast after the merger occurs. So, yeah. You'll see a cliff improvement after that merger date, which as Kevin indicated, that's at the end of 2016, a little bit later than we had originally signaled. But, no. There's many other expense initiatives underway that cover all dimensions of the company and in particular in holding company and support functions.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Shared services have also been underway for some time. And as I've talked about in previous calls, you have a sort of mirroring effect as you migrate jobs to shared service centers, where you duplicate the cost base until you've done the migration. And then one thing I want to just emphasize is that while we get these net expense savings, we have not slowed down our project spend. So we actually have a slight increase in project spend this year versus last year. So the gross cuts in expenses are deeper. But we recognize that long-term sustainable expense savings can only come from better use of technology. And that technology can only happen if we spend the money on the projects now. So it's quite a substantial effort going underway in a number of different dimensions.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got you. Thanks. And then just one follow-up for other John or David on thinking about Property Casualty catastrophe budget. Last year it was $1.5 billion. This year, year to date, according to the normalized ROE guide, it's only come in at around $500 million according to your budget, even though the cats themselves have been lower than that. Should we assume a similar budget for this year, which would mean about another $1 billion of cat budget for the balance of this year? Or is there likely to be a change when you think about planning for catastrophes?
John Q. Doyle - Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer-Commercial Insurance: It's not a material change year over year. I guess, what jumps to mind in asking the question is the precision in which you're thinking about kind of modeled cats during the course of the second half of the year. Right. There could be obviously a very, very meaningful deviation relative to the budgeted results. We had I think about $250 million, $260 million in cat losses in the third quarter last year, less than half of our budgeted AL in the quarter. But, yeah, you're roughly in the right range.
Thomas George Gallagher - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Thanks. A couple questions, most have been answered. The Direct Investment Book, can you give us some sense of how much equity is left in that book?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Jay, hi. It's David. Yeah. We still have about $5 billion or so of capital that is dedicated to or required by that. And so it still again hasn't materially changed since the $2 billion release.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And just a quick follow-up on that one. The run-off of the DIB you seem to have accelerated over the past year or 2 years. The pace of that run-off, should we think of that continuing at this pace? Or should it slow from here?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, a couple of things. Let's break it up into the pieces. The termination or the wind down of the derivative positions is obviously coming to an end. So what I would call the acceleration of the final leg of that wind down will slow over time. The monetization of the capital will be  as we've said in the past  largely a function of how the equity tranches in the CDOs that had been tranched internally, how that ultimately winds down. We'll continue to over time monetize both the equity tranche of that and then  and do that internally. But you could expect that that's going to take several years to monetize. Peter, you want to add to that?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think that while there's some element of this wind down that is legacy, the ability to do internal securitizations, which is just to split the senior versus subordinated risk of various asset types, allows us to invest in certain asset classes that are not particularly well treated under statutory capital rules in the insurance companies themselves. So by holding the equity at the holding company we're able to efficiently participate in parts of the capital markets which we'd otherwise incur very substantial capital charges within the regulated entity. So there's an element of that holding company capital that will always be reserved for those sorts of operations so that we can invest with the greatest degree of freedom in the capital markets.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Very good. And then the second question was given all the change in your debt structure, can you give us some sense of what the ongoing quarterly interest expense will be, given all the changes you've made?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think  hang on let me grab the  in the fin stuff you can see we've got a page right there. I think it was about $270-odd million this particular quarter. And we had some modest refinancings that were done in July. So you can factor those in. We bought in about $3 billion of higher coupon debt and reissued 10s [years], 20s [years], and 30s [years] at below that. So the average is now below 5%, the average of our debt. Or the senior debt plus the hybrids is below 5%, just below 5%.
Jay A. Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. We'll do that math. Thank you.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Clayton Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you for fitting me in. So, Peter, I was hoping to ask you a sort of broader question about the market structure and how you think things play out from here. So pricing is falling a lot and  but people in the sort of smaller faced part of the business  domestically focused guys like for example Travelers  talk a lot about the end of the traditional cycle, sort of this post-cycle world, given data and analytics and more discipline and accountability. And the business broadly has become much more boring as a result. But you guys write much larger accounts, the specialty lines, global risk. And against that you've  which historically has meant that there has been terribly cyclically part of the business, which is the place you play. However you're very actively investing in data and analytics. You've put in place a lot of tools to drive discipline and accountability. And we're also now seeing that you guys as well as some others have a fair amount of market share in this business. And so I'm wondering as you think about sort of the market power you guys have to be leaders, as well as your own investments and basically being a smarter and, well, better run firm. Is it  should we be thinking about you of sort of having a soft market strategy of basically trying to just be a post-cycle firm? Or is this something where we should be looking and saying, that's just not really possible in the markets you play. And so we ought to be looking at you and holding you sort of more accountable to sort of more traditional soft market strategies and judging on that basis?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think that it's a very interesting question. I think that the opening statement that we have very substantial declines in pricing is perhaps a broader generalization than I would use. I think that you've seen it happen in U.S. Property Cat pricing. And I think that one of the biggest tools we have to manage that particular cycle is the willingness to look at our Property book globally and diversify away from the heavy concentration in Gulf wind exposure. So I think that that helps. I think the data and analytics is very helpful in managing and understanding how to better estimate expected outcomes. But the drivers of the unexpected outcomes need to be also divided between things that are driven by external factors or not, the systematic factors. And so one of the I think big trends in the future will be greater use of alternative capital to lay off that risk. So I think that effective use of cheaper alternative capital as a supplement to our own balance sheet can make sure that we dedicate our capital to where we are adding most value. And that's very much an integration of capital markets pricing techniques, plus predictive modeling and changing underwriting and actuarial methods to really be more forward looking. And I think that helps deal with the cyclicality in those factors. So if you have a very strong interest in non-traditional players to take on a systematic risk like Florida wind, we can still serve our clients well, while tapping into that cheap capital. And that's factored into our thinking. So I think that, yes, the best response to cyclicality is to be more nimble in our capital usage, both how we allocate our internal capital and how we take advantage of other people's capital and weave it into our offering to our clients. But at the end of the day that requires a deeper understanding of our risk, segmentation of risk between the parts of the risk that are idiosyncratic versus systematic. And well trained underwriters who are equipped with good tools, which is a sort of logistical issue where we have to invest in technology, training, and so on, so they have the tools to compete in that world. But we're very committed to that future, which we think is going to position us very much to be our clients' most valued insurer.
Josh Clayton Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: That's helpful, Peter. If I could ask just one more quick on sort of a bit more kind of closer to the execution. One of the things you guys have been sort of actively doing is pursuing sort of strategic organic growth. And now some tactical  some acquisitions to expand your footprint. This is coming at a time that you guys still have a fair amount of wood to chop in driving margins in your core business. And I'm wondering as you think about how you manage the leadership team and how you prioritize the sort of the actual efforts of all the folks running around to try to manage the company, how you're balancing the dual objectives you're giving the organization of realizing the margin potential of your core business, as well as trying to build a future portfolio that's the portfolio you want?
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's a great question. We recently had the top 200 leaders of the company get together for a few days to debate that exact point. And I think that the way we used  a framework we used was three horizons. Really acknowledging that the world around us is changing very, very, very rapidly. And therefore we need to have our eyes firmly on the future. So building long-term sustainable value with a 5- to 10-year time horizon. We also need to be deeply grounded in the present to make sure that we continue to deliver on our promises in terms of better operating performance. And then we need to have a credible plan in the middle horizon to bridge from the present to the future. And that we as individual leaders need to balance our time between those three. But also we need to also have individuals that sort of specialize in each of those three horizons, so that we have an adequate attention paid to all three. And what I came away from those few days with the top 200 was a high degree of alignment in how we'll execute that. So I feel that the company is very much aligned around how we need to change and adapt, but keep the right balance between urgent priorities to improve short-term performance without losing sight of our opportunities over the very long term.
Josh Clayton Stirling - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you for the thoughtful answer. Good luck.
Peter D. Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President - Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. I think we've kind of surpassed our time here. So I'd like to follow up with anyone who's in the queue after the call. And thank you all for joining this morning's earnings call.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Werne - Head of Investor Relations Peter Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer David Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Doyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Commercial Insurance Kevin Hogan - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Consumer Insurance
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Brian Meredith - UBS Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Meyer Shields - KBW Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIG's First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Liz Werne. Please go ahead.
Liz Werne: Good morning, everyone. Before we get started Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes and circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events, actual performance or events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2014 Form 10-K under managements discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims their obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a results of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on our website. This morning in the room we have our CEO, Peter Hancock, our CFO, David Herzog, and the two heads of our businesses, John Doyle and Kevin Hogan. With that, Ill turn it over to you sir.
Peter Hancock: Thanks, Liz. And thank you all for joining us this morning. Id like to discuss key highlight from the first quarter, the progress we're making towards our financial targets and the quality and strength of our balance sheet. Turning to page 3, book value per share excluding accumulated other comprehensive income and our deferred tax asset was over $60, up 4% for the quarter and 14% from a year ago. We're confident that we will achieve our targeted book value growth of at least 10% this year to improving profitability and active capital management. Our ROE improvement is also on track, even after considering certain noteworthy items in the quarter, which David will discuss. On the expense front we continue to evaluate opportunities to simplify our businesses and provide the greatest value to our customers. Again we made progress in the first quarter and remain committed to our annual targets through 2017 of 10% per share to 110% [ph] book value per share growth, excluding AOCI and DTA and 50 basis points of normalized ROE improvement and 3% to 5% expense reductions through 2017. Our first quarter results demonstrated our commitment to balancing growth profitability and risk. Looking across our businesses, we saw improved underwriting results in commercial insurance. Within our consumer segment, we continue to invest in our Japan integration which will provide a platform for long-term profitability. John and Kevin will provide additional comments on the performance of their respected businesses and how they are been positioned for sustained profitability. Our disciplined use of value based metrics was evident again this quarter, as we actively managed our capital structure. Our year-to-date execution of debt retirement that spreads exceeding those of our debt issuance resulted in about $170 million of incremental economic value for shareholders. We also continue to purchase shares below our estimates of intrinsic value. In the quarter, we utilized a combination of open market purchases and a 10b-5 program to deploy capital according to our objectives. This approach executes the deployment over long periods of time  longer periods of time compared to the previous methods used. Since our fourth quarter earnings call through today, we have repurchased 39.6 million common shares at the cost of $2.2 billion and have $3.8 billion remaining under our existing authorizations, including the new 3.5 billion share repurchase authorization that we announced yesterday. We're inline with $6 billion to $7 billion in capital return that we indicated for the 2015 full year which does not include further derisking activities, including non-core asset sales. Our annual shareholder letter reiterated initiatives we have in place to drive sustainable profitability through science, technology and the application of value based metrics in assessing and managing our businesses. We specifically referred to floating or selling businesses that lack synergy with our core operations. To be clear, we believe that our core insurance businesses largely meet our customers needs and our economic return objectives. We will also consider acquisitions that build our capabilities to meet our customers needs, enhance our infrastructure and are not overly capital intensive. Our mission is to empower our clients and to be their most valued insurer through our risk expertise and our financial strength. Turing to slide 4, during the quarter we took further actions to simplify our balance sheet and reduce risk. The continued active wind down of the direct investment book and substantial termination of CDS in global capital markets has eliminated the need to separately report these results. We would expect this change to occur later this year. The actions this quarter, along with the many steps we have taken to exit non-core businesses and streamline our businesses have resulted in improved balance sheet strength, risk profile and sustainability over terms. Our derisking actions provide us with a capital flexibility to execute on our strategy to pursue profitability growth and provide the services and products that best meet our customers needs. Finally, we are often asked how we have viewed under the lens of a non-bank SIFI regulation. Its important to note that as a result of our derisking activities since 2012 our analysis suggest our balance sheet size, leverage and capital in non-insurance activities is comparatively low relative to our non-bank SIFI peers. We work closely with our many regulators and respect the value they bring to all stakeholders. Now, I would like to turn it over to David.
David Herzog: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I will speak to our quarterly financial results, the progress towards our financial objectives and our capital management. Turning to slide 5, you can see our total insurance pretax operating income was down about 7% from a year ago. The comparison reflects unusually strong alternative investment returns a year ago, combined with a negative impact of low interest rate environment that we're in. Consistent with our comments last quarter, we expect continued pressure on investment income given the current interest rate environment. Our insurance earnings comparison was also impacted by nearly $220 million swing in the workers compensation discount between periods. In the first quarter, we adopted a quarterly process for adjusting the workers compensation discount based on changes in the interest environment which is consistent with our statutory reporting practice. While the change in discount is reflected in our operating earnings, the corresponding appreciation in the fixed income securities that support these reserves is recorded in the balance sheet and accumulated other comprehensive income, so from an economic standpoint they offset. Excluding these discount changes, total insurance operating income was up about 2% from the same period last year. John and Kevin will provide more details on the commercial and the consumer operating results in their remarks. Reported net income was $2.5 billion and included after tax gains associated with sale of a portion of our PICC P&C shares and the Prudential B shares, which combined for just shy of $575 million in gains. The share sold in PICC were accounted for as available for sale and bring our ownership to 8.2% down from 9.9%. The monetization of this portion of the PICC P&C investment reflects further derisking of our balance sheet given the significant share appreciation since our 2013 initial investment. We continue to hold stakes in both PICC P&C and the PICC Group and see mutually beneficial opportunities to broaden our strategic relationship with PICC. Turning to slide 6, we provide detail on corporate and other operations which is  was negatively impacted by the decline in the mark-to-market earnings from the direct investment book and global capital markets. We continue to successfully further wind down the direct investment book in global capital markets or DIB/GCM during the quarter and we've recognized gains on the termination of a credit default swaps in both corporate debt, CLOs and the multi sector CDOs. We redeemed an additional $1.1 billion in purchase price DIB debt using cash and short term investments allocated to this book for this purpose. Given the substantial progress in our further wind down of the book, we expect that we would no longer report DIB/GCM as a separate component of corporate and other. Over $2 billion of capital supporting the DIB and GCM will be freed up beginning in the second quarter. Parent company investments in AerCap and PICC generated $175 million in pretax operating income in the quarter, with respect to our investment in AerCap, our carrying value is just over $52.50 a share, reflective of the equity earnings pick up that we record each quarter for our 46% interest. This compares to a market price of about $46 to $47 a share which may ultimately result in a other than temporary impairment charge later this year if the market price of AerCap shares continues to trade below our carrying value, or if we change our intentions with respect to the sale of these shares. You may have also seen that during the quarter AerCap registered the 97 million shares of that we own which was a requirement for any potential sale of those shares by AIG. This registration covers a 3 year period. Additionally, results of other operations, which primarily include earnings from life settlements in global real estate holdings were $235 million in the quarter and included about $170 million real estate gain for the step up in value of some underlying investments. Our reported operating after tax  after tax rate was about 33% which was inline with our 33% to 34% rate. Turning to our financial objectives on slide 7, we estimate our normalized ROE is closer to 7.8% for the quarter. Our normalization takes into account lower expected cats, higher than expected alternative returns and negative impact of the changes in the workers comp discount. General operating expenses which are summarized on slide 8 were $2.8 billion in the first quarter, down 3% from the same period a year ago. Favorable effects from foreign exchange were offset by timing of when we record or reverse or true up certain accruals in the normal course and the impact of interest rates and mortality assumptions on our pension expense. Excluding these items, the decline in GOE from the various items, the largest of which was a reduction in our real estate or rents expense realized from the rationalization efforts in that regard. Suffice it to say we're making progress, but we have a significant amount of work ahead of us. Further, I would emphasize that the trends can vary from quarter-to-quarter. That being said, we remain focused and committed to operational and cost efficiency. Our capital structure is highlighted on slide 9, during the quarter we deployed over $1.4 billion towards the purchase of about 25.5 million shares of common stock, plus the additional 3.5 million shares that were delivered in January with the full completion of ASR which we initiated in December. We also purchased an additional 14  over 14 million shares for a little over 800 million in April bringing the total purchases as Peter said to about 2.3 billion, leaving about 2 million available under the prior authorization, plus the 3.5 billion of new authorizations we just received. We continue to manage the cost and maturity profile of our debt. In January we issued 1.2 billion of 20 year notes for inside to 3.9%, 800 million of 40 years notes at a rate inside 4.4% and $350 million of 30 year callable notes for inside 4.4%. Following the end of the quarter we also tendered for a 1.25 billion purchase price parent debt. We ended the quarter with financial leverage ratios, including hybrids of 16.4% or about 15.8% when giving effect to the April tender. We continue to be opportunistic in our debt capital management. Cash flow over the holding company remain strong and as you can see on slide 10, parent received total distributions from our insurance subsidiaries of about $3.5 billion during the quarter, including the previously disclosed $2.8 billion that were paid in January. The total distributions also include almost $300 million of tax sharing payments from our insurance subsidiaries. We also expect insurance company dividends and distributions of somewhere between $5 billion and $6 billion for the balance of the year. Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to John.
John Doyle: Thank you, David. I will review the first quarter results for commercial insurance and briefly comment on an acquisition and strategic investment we recently completed. Pretax operating income for the commercial segment was $1.5 billion, an increase from the prior year quarter and reflects strong property casualty and mortgage insurance results. Turning to slide 12, commercial property casualty had positive growth and improved underwriting profitability. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, net premiums written increased 6% from the year ago quarter, renewal of the single multi year policy accounted for about 40% of this net premium growth. We grew in property, particularly in the Americas and Asia Pacific regions benefiting from improved client retention rates. Financial lines had a strong quarter, with growth in the mid single digit range and in all regions. We continue to optimize our casualty portfolio in the US, which led to a slight decline in net premiums in the quarter in that segment. International casualty also grew in the quarter, especially net premiums were flat when compared to the same period a year ago with modest growth in marine and credit lines.  We continue to see a range of price activity across markets, in the US rate change in specialty was a positive 3.2% and financial lines were also up by nearly 3%. We also continue to successfully raise rates where needed in segments of US casualty. However, property rates did decline by 5.4% in the US for the quarter. Pricing outside of the US is under modestly more pressure, but rate of adequacy is generally more attractive in these markets. We have confidence in the accident year loss ratio trends and continued growth in risk adjusted profitability, due to our active management of business mix and from enhanced pricing, risk selection tools and claim service. Underwriting profitability improved with declines in the accident year loss ratio and general operating expenses on a sequential and year-over-year basis. The accident year loss ratio has adjusted of 64.4 was eight tenths [ph] of a point better than the same period last year and 1.5 points better than the prior quarter. When compared to the prior year period, the accident year loss ratio benefited from enhanced risk selection and pricing discipline in casualty, specialty and financial lines, particularly in the US and lower attritional losses in US property. Cat losses were also below expectations for the quarter, while severe losses were on plan. We continue to expect 1 to 2 points of accident year loss ratio improvement in 2015. We experienced modest net adverse prior year loss reserve development of $28 million for property, casualty in the quarter, including premium adjustments. This included adverse development related to higher commercial auto claims severity in casualty, partially offset by favorable development in property. Generally operating expenses declined 6% from a year ago, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives and offset by investments in technology, engineering and analytics. Net investment income for the quarter declined 3% compared to the same period last year to $1.1 billion, reflecting lower new money yields, lower income and alternative investments, the effective foreign exchange and lower invested assets. We would expect modest pressure on our investment returns to continue given the current interest rate environment. Turing to slide 13, mortgage guarantee reported another strong performance with operating income of $145 million. The year-over-year comparison for the quarter reflects a decline in current losses from lower delinquency rates, higher cure rates and an increase in first lien net premiums earned as a result of higher new insurance written and an acceleration of earnings on the cancellations of single premium business. New insurance written showed a strong growth of 40% compared to last year, driven by increased refinancings given the low rates. Turning to slide 14, institutional markets pretax operating income declined to $147 million for the quarter, primarily due to lower alternative investment income and the impact of base portfolio returns from lower reinvestment rates. Fee income increased, driven by growth in reserves and asset under management, primarily from continued development of the stable value wrap business. In March we purchased NSM Insurance Group, a leading US managing general agent and insurance program administrator. NSM provides us with an access point to attractive markets, including programs, small specialty commercial segments and complementary distribution networks. We have worked with NSM for 15 years and expect to build on this strong relationship. We also recently acquired a minority stake in K2 Intelligence, an investigative consulting firm with particular expertise in cyber security which is a top of mind risk for our clients. I am pleased with commercials improved results in the quarter as we continue to advance our strategic initiatives and build on our vision to be our clients most valued insurer. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin, to discuss consumer insurance.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, John, and good morning everyone. This morning I'll discuss the trends in our consumer insurance businesses and provide an update on our ongoing investments in Japan. In the first quarter, consumer generated pretax operating income of $945 million. The performance of the business reflects the sustained low interest environment and reflects stable property casualty underwriting results. Turning to slide 16, operating income from retirement was$800 million for the quarter benefiting from increase in fees due to increased asset under management. Investment income comparisons were negatively impacted by very strong alternative returns a year ago and a decline in base portfolio income. Reinvestment rates were below the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio and average assets declined driven by the significant return of capital to parent over the last 12 months. As you can see on slide 17, base yields for fixed annuities and group retirement declined sequentially consistent with the anticipated 4 to 6 basis point quarterly reduction I spoke to last quarter. We would expect that trend to continue for the rest of the year, should interest rates remain at current levels. The impact in net investment spreads was partially mitigated by adhering to disciplined new business pricing and active management of crediting rates. The outflow of older policies which carry higher crediting rates than current rates offered, also contributed to the reduction in our cost of funds, which has declined consistently for both fixed annuities and group retirement over the last 12 months. Assets under management ended the year at nearly $227 billion, 2% higher than a year ago. Strong net flows in retirement income solutions and positive separate account investment performance were partially offset by net outflows for fixed annuities in group retirement. AUM growth was achieved while paying out over 8 billion in distributions to parent over the last 12 months. Net flows for fixed annuities continue to be affected by the low interest rate environment and we expect sales of fixed annuities will remain challenged as we maintain our new business pricing discipline. We also expect group retirement deposits to be impacted by a sustained low interest environment. In the quarter we experienced an increase in surrender activity in our group retirement business compared to a year ago in part due to several mid to large group surrenders. The retirement plan market has been impacted by consolidation of healthcare providers and other groups in our target markets, which is impacting both new sales and surrender activity in this business. In retirement income solutions, although recent market result suggest pressure on new sales of variable annuities, our index annuities sales continue to gain momentum and macro trend support the growing customer need to quality income solutions. I would like to take a moment to comment on the Department of Labors recent fiduciary proposal. While it is still early to discuss in great detail, we like our industry peers are in the process of carefully reviewing this detailed 800 pages of proposed guidance, so that we understand the regulation and can provide constructive responses to the DoL. We would look for any final proposal to ensure both important protections for qualified plan participants, beneficiaries and IRA owners, as well as the continued availability of valuable and broad based product solutions essential, income guarantees and appropriate advice for these individuals to prepare for a successful retirement. At AIG, we have the resources, expertise and commitment to the retirement space to respond quickly and to meet the needs of consumers as the regulatory landscape changes. We believe that consumer demand from life time income guarantees will continue to grow and that the insurance industry is uniquely positioned to meet this increasing need in the years to come. We will monitor this closely and will work with the DoL and the industry at large to achieve an outcome that truly benefits the American consumer. Slide 18 presents results for our global life business, life pretax operating income of $171 million declined from the prior year quarter, primarily due to lower alternative investment income and based portfolio income, as well as higher operating expenses from the investment we are making in distribution and technology in the US. In addition, life also experienced lower favorable mortality compared to the same period last year, but still better than our pricing expectations. We realized a 10% increase in life premiums from the year ago period, excluding the effects of foreign exchange, reflecting continued growth in Japan and the acquisition of Ageas Protect in the UK. We also closed on the acquisition of Laya Healthcare, Ireland's second largest primary health insurance provider on March 31, and the integration of Laya has commenced according to plan. Turning to slide 19, personal insurance reported an operating loss of $26 million, as underwriting results were essentially unchanged, but net investment income declined from the year ago quarter. Net premium written increased 1% from the same quarter a year ago, excluding the effects of foreign exchange. The increase was driven by premium growth in all regions except to US. Japan grew by 4% compared to the prior year period driven by personal property and rate actions in A&H. The decline in the US was primarily attributable to the declines in individual travel and warranty services, as we continue to maintain underwriting discipline in pricing and terms and conditions. The personal insurance accident year loss ratio improved 0.6 points from the same quarter a year ago, reflecting better performance across all lines of business. Underwriting and rate actions taken in prior years in Japan personal property resulted in improved accident year loss experience in that business. A US warranty retail program also generated improved loss experience. However the benefit was offset by a related profit sharing expense which contributed to the increase in the acquisition ratio from a year ago. The personal insurance acquisition ratio increased primarily due to these warranty, profit sharing expenses, partially offset by lower direct marketing expenses. The personal insurance general operating expense ratio was unchanged from the first quarter last year as both expenses and premiums grew. General operating expenses increased in the same quarter a year ago, reflecting the increased technology related project spend in the current quarter. The Japan integration initiative had not fully commenced in a year ago period. We continue to remain intensely focused on our Japan integration initiative and we are making good progress in these efforts. At this time our outlook for completion of our integration work is unchanged. Upon obtaining approval from the relevant authorities, we will be able to provide more information on the target merger date, expected benefit emergence profile and updated program expenses for the Japan integration. To close, for our consumer businesses, we remain focused on achieving profitable growth and effectively managing risk by executing on our customer focus strategies, maintaining a prudent risk profile and targeting capital efficient growth opportunities. Now, I'd like to turn it back to Liz to open up to Q&A.
Liz Werne: Thank you. Operator, could we open up the line for Q&A now.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll hear from Jimmy Bhullar, JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. First I had a question for Peter just on your stake in AerCap. The lockup on part of the shares has expired already. So is this a core holding or would you consider selling it at some point and if you do what's your view on how you would use the proceeds? And then secondly, you have been buying back stock on a consistent basis, but you haven't really raised the dividend over the past, I think it's been five quarters that you haven't. So if you could just discuss your reasoning for that?
Peter Hancock: So, as far as AerCap is concerned, its certainly core. We are looking at the various options in terms of pace and timing of disposition and are very conscious of the value of that stake and we'll make a decision based on if when and  if we get fair value for that divesture. As far as redeployment of the proceeds, it would become part of the broader pool capital that we generate through both non-core asset disposal, derisking of the DIB and DTA monetization and dividends from the opcos. And we have a sort of waterfall hierarchy of how we think of deploying that capital. We certainly want to prioritize organic growth meeting our customers needs. We also are well aware of the opportunities to buyback shares if they are trading below what we view as intrinsic value. And I think that as we start to near or exceed intrinsic value we will also want to explore a dividend policies that are a bit more consistent with peers. So I think that we recognize that we're in a sort of transition period as we continue to monetize non-core assets.
Jimmy Bhullar: And just if I could ask one more for John, on pricing trends in P&C obviously the market commentary has gotten worse and especially on the commercial side. So how confident are you in the goals that you'd laid out for improvement in your combined ratio? And if trends remain the way they are would you  do you consider that you'd need to revise the targets down a little bit, in terms of
John Doyle: Jimmy, I didnt see much different price activity in the first quarter than the fourth. And as I said its  property cat market its quite competitive, right, outside of that on average things are fairly stable. Some companies are in better position to get rate and others, right, so not all, not all are equal. I think for example I reported good financial lines rate increases in the first quarter, I think if you hear from brokers the overall rate activity in that market is not quite so positive and I think we are positioned very favorably in that market and are able to get a bit of different result than the market can. Having said all that, the underwriting improvement, I remain confident as I said 1 to 2 point improvement during the course of this year. Its not all about prices, its about managing mix business, its about further implementing and developing the tools that we rolled out over the course of the last several years, both in underwriting and in claims. And then lastly, and we saw a bit in the first quarter here, our short tail results last year, the attritional losses in property in particular we're a bit elevated and I would expect not in every quarter, but I would expect over the course of the year that will move back to more normal levels.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll next hear from Randy Binner, FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner: Hey, good morning, thanks. I appreciate the comments in the slide deck about derisking that's happened in the company over the last several years. I'm wondering what that means as far as a potential non-bank SIFI off-ramp? And what I'm getting at is if there was an off-ramp and you could explore a structural change similar to what we saw at GE, would that not be necessary now that you view yourself as having a more derisked balance sheet?
Peter Hancock: Well, AIGs regulated buyback 200 regulators, the Fed is simply the designated enterprise wide one as a result of the SIFI designation. To date, they've been extremely constructive coordinators of those regulators and have prioritized derisking exactly along the lines that management would have done already. So we see them as a very highly aligned regulator with our intentions to create a robust balance sheet to serve our clients. The amendment to the Collins Amendment that occurred in the first quarter which allowed the Fed to treat insurance companies differently from banks was a significant positive in our view in terms of the potential risk that future application of the SIFI regulation would be detrimental. So we are still awaiting greater clarity on exactly how SIFI rules will be applied in the future, but so far, as I said they have been extremely constructive. But the discussion of the off ramp certainly means that there is a strategic question to be answered at some point down the road, as to whether in the light of however those rules get applied and formulated, whether the optimal path is to not be a SIFI. And as we think about the criteria for SIFI designation, its really important that we recognize it is not simply size of assets. It's a multidimensional set of parameters most of which we looked very good on. So, the other thing to remember is should you get off this off-ramp the 200 other regulators that are also very interested in how we run the company. So its not clear to me getting off that an off-ramp changes managements flexibility in any material way.
Randy Binner: I appreciate that. The quick follow up, if there were a structural change in the company split, is there any color or guidance you could give us on what the status of the NOL would be? If say for instance AIG became a life and a P&C company or a domestic international, whatever the split is, would that NOL be structurally in place after that?
Peter Hancock: I think we explained and probably point enough detail in the shareholders letter, that there would be significant tax consequence  negative tax consequences or something like that.
David Herzog: And that language will also be included in the 10-Q.
Randy Binner: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Brian Meredith, UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes, good morning. Two questions here for you. First one, just for John I'm just curious can you talk a little bit about your strategy in the property Insurance lines? You've had some good growth there although we continue to see pretty significant rate decreases. Is it where you're attracted the business is better underlying loss ratios, can you tell a little bit about that?
John Doyle: Sure, Brian. So the real rate pressure in the property markets is really in the cat market, and its in the wholesale market herein London, its in the United States. The growth that we've have seen in the last couple of years is been around getting into the middle market in property which we were not a player in, in many markets around the world. It was also entering the large limit space as well. We've made very meaningful investment over the course of the last several years in our engineering capabilities. In fact, we've hired over 500 engineers in the last 4 years and are now winning largely non-cat business due to our engineering capability, which I can tell you its not the reason why we want property business going back some time. So our analytics and capability helping our clients manage their property related cost of risk over time is the key there. What I would also share with you is that, outside of a couple of major markets, primarily the United States and the United Kingdom, we chose to operate historically and not quite sure why, but chose to operate in a sub scale way. So our risk appetite in many other countries around the world was set by that country and really trying to manage to a result  a P&L result for that country. So we've increased our risk appetite in many smaller countries around the world and beyond that being attractive business for us from a property perspective is also change who we are to our customers in those markets. In many countries outside of the United States the commercial business is really a property led market and as we've improved our capability there our customers see us in a entirely different way and it position us in the future to write the casualty and other specialty lines of business unlike we had in the past.
Brian Meredith: I'm curious is any of the increase also because of the new wrap models? Does that make the property look more attractive than the casualty?
Peter Hancock: Absolutely
John Doyle: Sure, yes, low rates and our wrap model, yes, low interest rate. Thank you, Peter. So low rates and the wrap model was what's guiding really all of our strategies. We're pursuing value, not volume. So that said, a fair amount to it. I guess, one other factor not so much this year over prior year, although its like a little bit of role, is lower reinsurance cost over the course for the last several years as well. So you're observing really new premium written increases.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And one quick one for David. I'm just curious on the DIB you talked about its going to be I guess going away next quarter. Where are those results going to be reported? And I think you also said that $2 billion of capital are going to be freed up from the DIB. Does that mean we're pretty much done with the DIB as far as additional capital be freed up going forward?
David Herzog: A couple of things Brian, the assets that will be freed up it may  some of it maybe cash, maybe securities. We would look to report those in our financial supplement in the other invested assets. There is a schedule in there, but you'll be able to see where those assets are because we still will get earnings off of those assets. So you'll see the assets there and then it will be in the other line and we'll make sure there is enough transparency around the earnings results, so that you're able to see what the assets are, what the yields are. So that will be about $2 billion, it will come out in the very near term. The other aspect of assets in the direct investment both global capital markets are the residual interest in the Maiden Lane III investment and I know the team is working hard to likewise free that up and now there were lot of capital requirements associated with that, but nonetheless it does give us more flexibility by having that asset outside of the direct investment book. And then that asset would monetize in the normal course over the next several years, if we chose to try to do something on a accelerated basis that will be a discussion for another day.
Brian Meredith: Great, thank you.
David Herzog: You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now hear from Jay Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Yes, thank you. Just a quick follow-up on Brian's question, that is, I seem to recall there was about $6 billion to $7 billion of equity at the DIB. Is that right?
Peter Hancock: Yes.
David Herzog: Yes, that was about $7 billion at the end of the year and when we filed our 10-Q in the next day or so you can expect to see about the same amount and its  and then again, you'll see an update to that in the second quarter.
Jay Cohen: And the capital that gets freed up, I assume that's unencumbered, that you can do with what you want at the corporate level?
David Herzog: Well, yes, it is unencumbered, but it would be then  we'll look at it like we do other available or deployable capital in the context of the facts and circumstances at the time.
Jay Cohen: That's great. Then David for you another one. I seem to recall you mentioning that for the rest of the year you expect the insurance to send to the holding company another $5 billion to $6 billion. Did I hear that right?
David Herzog: You did.
Jay Cohen: And that's in addition to what you did in the first quarter?
David Herzog: Yes.
Jay Cohen: So now we're talking north of $8 billion?
David Herzog: Yes, that  thats the way the math works.
Jay Cohen: Okay. And then lastly if you could just give us what you think assuming no more debt capital management, the quarterly run rate for your corporate interest that would be helpful given all the changes that's occurred there?
David Herzog: Well, you can see that in the financial supplement, I think it was about  I want to say 275 or so this particular quarter, I think thats right. So yes, it was about 275 million in this quarter, in the second quarter, look again on page 13 of the financial supplement you'll be able to see that. And I  again I, that maybe down slightly given the timing of what we did, again, you'll see the changes to that going forward. But again, we'll be opportunistic about how we deploy the capital and the remaining access or even future access to the capital markets. The debt capital markets have been  has been open and we've taken the advantage of like what we believe to be cost effective capital.
Jay Cohen: Yes, looks like some well timed issuance. Thanks for the answers.
David Herzog: You're welcome.
Operator: And we'll now hear from Tom Gallagher, Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. David, just one last follow up to the last few questions about the DIB capital. So the $2 billion you said that's already been freed up? The $2 billion of DIB and GCM capital, so that's already been taken out or are you planning to take it out shortly?
David Herzog: No, Tom it will be done in the second quarter, so its not currently out. So as I said when we file the 10-Q you'll see the  in the disclosure about the direct investment book, global capital markets when you look at the net asset value that will be reported at that point in time, it is still in there. And as I said in the second quarter i.e. now we will move upwards of $2 billion out and then as get to work on the  on an additional extraction which would be principally the Maiden Lane III notes.
Tom Gallagher: And what  and I assume the $2 billion would be counted as non-core, and I think you've been pretty clear at that. So that could be additive to your $6 billion authorization if you determine that's the appropriate use for it? I just want to make sure I should be adding the $2 billion on top of what you've already announced?
David Herzog: It would be incremental to that, the dividends and distribution and our  the dividends and distributions that I commented on were not subject to monetization on non-core assets and the 2015 capital plan that we  that management prepared and reviewed with our board and other various stakeholders was not contingent upon the monetization of non-core assets.
Tom Gallagher: And the Maiden Lane opportunity in terms of how much that could end up harvesting and is that something we should plan on within this calendar year as well?
David Herzog: I am not going to comment on that Tom, it is  would be encumbered but I dont want to comment on what we may or may not do.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Then just two other quick ones if I could. The core earnings definition to get you to the 7.8% ROE this quarter, did that include the $0.08 of gains from the legacy real estate investments? And if so, should we really be thinking about that as part of core or should we be stripping it out?
David Herzog: Well, we  first of all on the normalization and our definition of operating income, we gave the disclosure around the normalizations in the sprit of transparency. So we're not redefining our principal non-GAAP measure of operating income. The real estate is a  it maybe legacy or it maybe long standing, but it is not non-core, I mean, those are investments that we make in the normal course and we consider them part of the operating income. Now, they are going to be lumpy, they are going to be  they are going to vary from periods to period and so they would, again, we dont expect the same kind or same level of mark or the same level of monetization. And so some portion of that you can view it how you  however you like to view it, we view in total over a long period of time, thats part of the return on those invested assets.
Tom Gallagher: But I guess my question related to that is there a pool of sizable real estate investments that could be harvested over multiple years that we should be thinking about as sort of a sustainable source of gains that you would have there
David Herzog: I think
Tom Gallagher: Unusually large?
Peter Hancock: I think that you should think about it in the broader context of our private equity and alternative investment portfolio, some of which is held within the statutory balance sheet, some of which is held at the holding company and so that is in the and fin sup and totals about $35 billion. And so the real estate portion of that is about $4.5 billion and we have an expected return on that entire portfolio which we  then normalize above or below when we come up with our ROE calculation. So I wouldnt think of it as any different then the alternatives.
Tom Gallagher: That's helpful, Peter. And just one last quick one. I notice you showed catastrophe budget and earnings normalizing for catastrophes, that's the first time I've noticed that. Can you comment on what your full year cat load budget would be for 2015?
Peter Hancock: We havent done that, and I think that we would  had a substantial seasonality to it and so I would treat it with high degree of caution because it  which quarter the cat hits is obviously is a very sensitive to that. But you obviously get a whole lot more in win season, but as we know, Super Storm Sandy just happened to fall in the fourth quarter. So you've got some  you're going to be careful before you did that. We have not disclosed the full year numbers, short answer.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now hear from Meyer Shields, KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks, good morning. Going back really quickly to the global capital markets and the DIB, is there any sort of run rate income that we should anticipate this providing in the future?
David Herzog: As I've said, and this is David, as I've said in the past we would expect on that pool of assets, or pool of the net assets somewhere between an 8% to 10% pretax return on the NAV, overall is a reasonable proxy, its not that simplifying any structure, the imagination. But its a  it gives you signal of what our expectation is. And so that will give you a sense of it.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. I didn't know whether that had changed. And then really quickly, John, you talked about anticipating once 200 basis points of I think it was core or adjusted loss ratio improvement. What's the anticipated aggregate loss cost that's been baked into that?
John Doyle: We do that obviously by product and geography, there is a pretty meaningful range, we havent disclosed it an aggregate number to date, but we obviously look at that when  in our actual rate activity and other underwriting actions that we take when we make loss picks and loss picks adjustments on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So thats obviously factored in then. The 100 to 200 basis point improvement is the accident year loss ratio, the share compared  as adjusted compared to prior year.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's fair. One last question if I can, the adverse development on commercial auto liability, is that actual claim emergence or was that the product of an actuarial review?
John Doyle: Its a autos relative to the rest of our portfolio in commercials, relatively short tail lines, so its largely related to recent emergence and increase in both frequency and severity, some underlying economics trends that led to it. So it wasnt detailed on reserve review, but emergence that we observed over the course of last few months and felt like we needed to take action on. So of course, we're taking underwriting actions as well and dealing with pricing, attachment points and the like and adjusting our underwriting approach as we look forward as well. It will take a little bit of time obviously for those actions to earn in that is still factored into the underwriting improvement that I anticipate during the course of this year.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now hear from Josh Stirling, Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling: Hey, good morning and thank you for taking my call. So listen Peter, I was looking at the proxy and you have a few different measures of how you measure executive performance. One of them is really interesting, I think you call it contributive normalized ROE for the different segments, commercial and consumer. And if I understand it correctly I think it's intending to back out noise from cats and alternatives and such normalized, but also to back out the strategic investments which are currently a big drag on your current earnings. And if I'm reading it right it says you're absent all those things your target right now for commercial is about 16% ROE and something like 26% in consumer. I was curious if you could help us think through how we should think about these in the context of both sort of reported numbers and the long-term goals which are obviously much lower. But also just maybe make it simple. I know this is a long way off given all the investments, but can we look at these as the targets that you're hoping to deliver once you finish investing and start realizing the benefits of all the efforts to fix P&C?
Peter Hancock: The proxy obviously is backward looking and with the new operating committee I have had a chance to align the entire leadership around the stated public goals that we disclosed in the last conference call. So I think in next years proxy you'll see much clear alignment between our publicly stated goals and the way we pay people in the short term. The long-term incentive is unchanged and is linked to shares leveraged up and down based on our total shareholder return relative to a peer group, as well as our ability to maintain our credit default swaps, but within a range of our peers, so that we are never tempted to over lever our balance sheet in the pursuit of short term unsustainable shareholder returns.
Josh Stirling: Okay. If I can ask a separate question on capital then, I think David last year I think you itemized that in addition to core dividends based on earnings from life and P&C the shareholders could count on liquidity from all the non-core assets, DIB, AerCap, et cetera, the DTA as being available for further buybacks. If we take a long-term view and I think this is probably, Peter, for you. I mean math would suggest that all adds up to $50 billion or more over say 5 years. As we think about the long-term future of AIG balancing the risk models and the conversations with all the 200 regulators, as well as your guys own growth ambitions for organic and acquisitions. How much of that free capital that you're going to generate do you think that we ought to imagine you're going to return to investors?
Peter Hancock: I think that it really is dependent on market opportunities. We've had a very benign capital markets environment for the last 6, 7 years since the crisis. I think that our clients depend on us to be there through good times and bad. I think acquisition opportunities become more attractive in downturns than they do at the top of the market. And I think that we have some very attractive organic growth opportunities as we rebuild our international life business focused on the largest and fastest growing markets in the UK, Japan and China. And the opportunities for supplemental help in the number markets is attractive, as well EMEA [ph] is obviously a small but meaningful signal of our ambitions there. But we are extremely focused on returning our excess capital to shareholders in the most efficient way possible. So through buybacks when we feel that we're trading below intrinsic and through dividends once we are trading above and a combination of the two, once we're above. So I wouldnt hazard a guess as to what percentage of your number not mine $50 billion we might do, but that's the general gist of our philosophy.
Josh Stirling: Okay, thanks Peter. Good luck.
Liz Werne: I think we have time for one more. We can take one more question and then hopefully reach out to everybody who is in our queue.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our last question from Josh Shanker, Deutsche Bank. Mr. Shanker, your line is open. You maybe on mute.
Josh Shanker: Thank you. Sorry about that. Two quickies. The general operating funds last year seemed much lower in the first quarter than the three that followed. Is there a seasonality to that or should we expect that to flatten out over time?
David Herzog: There is generally a seasonality to it, and lot of its related to project spend or compensation accruals, et cetera. Peter, you want to jump to that so
Peter Hancock: Yes, seasonalitys would suggest that it repeats itself from year-to-year and I'd just say, I'd use the word lumpy. And so you're looking for the trend over time as opposed to any single quarter. We got projects which come in as I said and then we got severance that comes in sometimes. There are various things which will make it lumpy.
Josh Shanker: Thats fine. And I just want to follow-up quickly on Randy Binner's question about regulators. I understand that the Board of Directors approved the $3.5 billion authorization yesterday. To understand the relationship with the Fed prior to the SIFI rules being codified to what extent are they aware and to what extent have you had their tacit understanding about your capital management plan?
Peter Hancock: We are very transparent with the Fed, at every stage. They sit in on our Board meetings, they certainly scrutinize our capital plan. We have the right to amend our capital plan, they are very focused on making sure the governance on how we amend or change our capital plan through time is done appropriately. And I think that in terms of constructive feedback from the Fed they have been very focused on the operational integrity of how we generate our stress test that help to determine our capital adequacy and we've made a lot of progress in tightening that up. So I'd say its a very constructive engagement to make sure that we are prudent and measured in a way we return capital.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Well good luck with the rest of the year. And thank you for taking my questions.
Peter Hancock: Not at all.
Liz Werne: Thank you, everyone. At this time we'd like to end the call and we look forward to catching up with anyone who was not able to get through in the queue this quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude todays conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-13 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Werne - Head of Investor Relations Peter Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer David Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Doyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Commercial Insurance Kevin Hogan - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Consumer Insurance
Analysts: Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Jay Cohen - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Jay Gelb - Barclays Adam Klauber - William Blair Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Larry Greenberg - Janney Capital Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIG's Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Liz Werne, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead Maam.
Liz Werne: Good morning, everyone. Before we get started Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes and circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events, actual performance or events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first, second and third quarter 2014 Form 10-Q and our 2013 Form 10-K under managements discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims their obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a results of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on our website, www.aig.com. This morning in the room we have our CEO, Peter Hancock, David Herzog, our CFO; and the heads of our business segments. John Doyle, Head of Commercial; and Kevin Hogan, Head of Consumer. So with that, Id like to turn the call over to Peter Hancock. 
Peter Hancock: Thanks Liz, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Id like to discuss the quarters results, our priorities, financial objectives and our view of economic forces impacting our businesses. As we look back over the full year, the earnings growth of our core insurance business, our DTA utilization and accretive share repurchases resulted in 12% growth in book value per share excluding AOCI and DTA. Our fourth quarter and 2014 full year accomplishments reflect our commitment to value based management and focus on growth, profitability and risk. As just one example of executing on value based metrics, Id like to highlight our execution of debt retirement that spreads exceeding those of our debt issuance. This strategy resulted in over $0.5 billion of incremental economic value for shareholders despite an approximate $800 million GAAP charge to net income. This quarter you will also see that our re-segmentation highlights are focussed on customers. Our customers look to us as their lead insurer rather than just another source of capacity and youll hear more on our commercial and consumer customer focus from John and Kevin. Our fourth quarter included both accomplishments and challenges. We saw the early signs of expenses moving in the right direction, both the commercial and consumer P&C businesses delivering accident year loss ratio improvement from the same period last year. We executed on a number of positive capital management actions and yesterday we announced a new $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization. Our fourth quarter results also included evidence of our risk management discipline across the company, specifically accident years 2005 and later continued to develop favourably. We continue to accelerate the DIB unwind with a focus on maximising economic value and we moved access capital from our life insurance companies to the parent. We also recognize the challenges that persisted this quarter and we remain focussed on them, specifically certain older accident years have resulted in additional reserve strengthening .We provide details on the older accident years in our earnings presentation which David will speak to. Consistent with our practise since 2011, this quarters actions are based on new information coming from a thorough and independent reserve analysis. We believe that this stable development of more recent accident years highlights the value of our reserving practises and our underwriting discipline. Our priority is to deliver sustainable ROE improvements as we look to 2015 and beyond. For the full year 2014, ROE excluding AOCI and excluding DTA was 8.4%. Over the course of the year access alternative returns and lower than expected catastrophe losses added about one percentage point to this full year ROE. Excluding that 1% gives us a good starting point to discuss ROE expansion going forward. Over the next three years were focussed on achieving annual ROE improvement through our commitment to managing gross profitability and risk. We seek to deliver a consistent level of expense savings through our technology, process redesign, shared service centers and simplification of our organisational structure. Turning to page three of the earnings deck. We outline our financial objectives for the next three years. Based on the outlook for our businesses and the current environment, we believe that we can achieve 50 basis points or higher of annual improvement in ROE ex-AOCI and DTA through 2017 from the normalized base lines of 7.4% for 2014. Our ability to be higher will be driven in part by the timing of emerging benefits from our investments and the growth and savings resulting from these investments as well as catastrophe losses and investment returns that are in line with our expectations. Our long term ROE objective remains 10%. Our view on general operating and other expenses is that we can achieve a 3% to 5% annual decline on a net basis through 2017, which allows for growing our investment in technology and systems. David will provide further comments on our outlook for general operating expenses. Finally, we expect book value per share growth ex-AOCI and DTA to exceed 10% annually through 2017 as a result of improved profitability, further capital and risk management actions and our DTA utilization, assuming our ability to deploy access capital continues. We maintain a disciplined risk appetite for new businesses and acquisitions. Our acquisitions have not been capital intensive and have provided unique capabilities, clients and distribution and are not driven by a desire for acquiring assets or short term earnings. I like to close with a few comments on the impact of external forces on our business and how we react to the changing environment. The reduction in inflationary expectations is good news for claims, trends and underwriting results. Growth in the U.S. is also encouraging and we will pursue new business with our disciplined approach. Offsetting these positives is the impact of the sustained low interest rate environment and a decline in property casualty rate increases. Kevin will speak more about the impact of the current interest rate environment. While there are positives and negatives to our operating environment we believe our discipline commitment to our customers and our ability to meet the wide range of their needs will serve us well in the long run. Now, Id like to turn it over to David.
David Herzog: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I will review the highlights for this quarter's results, our recent capital management actions and balance sheet strength and our outlook for 2015 capital management. Turning to Slide 4, you can see our total insurance operating income was up slightly versus a year ago. After tax operating income for the quarter was $1.4 billion or $0.97 per diluted share. In the fourth quarter, our operating return on equity adjusted for AOCI and DTA was 6.8% and as Peter mentioned 8.4% for the full year. Reported net income was $655 million and included the charge for retirement of debt of $824 million associated with our liability management actions. Book value per share excluding AOCI and DTA grew to just over $58 a share 12% higher than a year ago, driven by our earnings, our DTA utilization and accretive share repurchases. I will highlight a few noteworthy items for the quarter and John and Kevin will provide more details on the commercial and consumer operating results. Turning to slide 5 we summarize prior year development in our property casualty results. Net adverse prior year development for the quarter was just under $300 million including premium adjustments of about $50 million and relates primarily to accident years 2004 and prior. Commercial insurance reported prior year development of about $197 million including those premium refunds. There were four classes of business that contribute almost equally to the adverse emergence and those include primary workers compensation, healthcare, pollution products and certain financial lines. Consumer insurance had a modest favourable prior year development of about $35 million principally from our private client group business. The runoff segment now reported in corporate reported net adverse prior year development of about $135 million driven primarily by pollution products within the runoff environment book and retained a specialist in assumed reinsurance portfolios. As we have seen in the last couple of years, the overall adverse development was related to 2004 and prior. As of this year end, we have experienced less than a 2% change in our initially recorded year end alternates for each of the last eight accident years  In the third quarter, we disclosed that we expected a $250 million to $350 million negative impact on our workers compensation discount due to the fall in interest rates as of September 30. In the fourth quarter we reduced our workers compensation discount by a little over 560 million due to the combined impact of this fall in interest rates and faster pay down of our reserves. In our U.S. life business we added a little over a $100 million to the estimated reserves for incurred but not reported death claims which reflected continuing efforts to identify deceased insureds and their beneficiaries, primarily related to legacy small face amounts policies pursuant to the resolution of a multi state audit. Turning to slide 6 which represent the corporate and other operations we saw a mark-to-market earnings decline in mark-to-market earnings from our direct investment booking global capital markets this quarter. We continued to actively wind down the direct investment book and the global capital markets and in the fourth quarter we redeemed about $2.5 billion of debt to bring a full year total to about $7.5 billion using cash and short term investments allocated to this book. We expect ongoing wind down to result in the release of capital to parent overtime. We expect that the earnings contribution from the direct investment book will also decline as the portfolios continues to wind down. The parent company investments in AerCap and PICC continued to deliver and result in about $250 million of pre-tax operating income in the quarter. Total corporate expenses net were $236 million in the quarter down on a sequential basis largely due to the incentive compensation accruals discussed in the prior quarter. Our reported operating effective tax rate for the quarter declined to just over 21% driven primarily by tax benefits related to foreign operations. As Peter mentioned managing our expenses while investing in our future are key priorities for AIG. As a base line slide 7 shows total operating, general operating expenses for 2014 f5rom our new disclosure in the financial supplement. Our top investments are included in the reported general operating expenses and totalled a little over $650 million in 2014. For example the Japan integration is included both in the general operating expense and is included in our investments as we described them. We are focussed on reducing the business as usual expenses which we define is GOE, plus these investments sustainably over time, as well as focusing on the overall expenses and the expense reduction that Peter referenced, all the while making the necessary investment making the necessary investments to the fund growth, profitability and enhanced risk management. Our capital management highlights begin on slide 8, during the quarter we deployed $1.5 billion towards the repurchase of approximately $28 million shares of common stock bringing the full year repurchases to $4.9 billion, an additional 3.5 million shares were delivered in January with the full completion of the ASR which we initiated in December. In addition, the Board of Directors approved an additional share repurchase authorization of $2.5 billion which reflects the strong capital flows from our life insurance companies as well as the reduction in risk in our property-casualty business. With respect debt management, we continue to manage the cost and maturity profile of our debt. As a result of the actions weve taken in 2014 weve reduced our run rate interest expense by roughly $250 million and we expect the annual interest expense for 2015 to be just under $1.1 billion. As shown on slide 9, we ended the quarter with financial leverage ratios including hybrids of just over 15% or little over 16% when getting effect for the January issuances. We continue to be opportunistic in our debt capital management and expected that an improving earnings profile will continue to positively affect our coverage ratios going forward. The yearend RBC ratio for the fleet of U.S. Company, U.S. life companies is estimated at around 490% after giving effect for the fourth quarter and January distributions, which is closer to our targeted operating RBC level. Cash flow to the holding company remains strong as you can see on slide 10. We received cash dividends and loan repayments from our insurance subsidiaries of $2.9 billion during the quarter, bringing the year to-date to just over $8 billion. We also received $700 million in distributions and fixed maturities securities bringing that total for the year to just over a $1 billion. In addition, in January our businesses paid $2.8 billion in dividends. Looking ahead to 2015, we expect $6 billion to $7 billion in potential share repurchases and shareholder dividends. This total does not include any potential monetization of non-core assets. This is subject of course to board approval, ongoing discussions with rating agencies in any regulatory approvals that could be required. As part of the natural evolution, we have moved to a more dynamic approach of the deployment of our capital which reflects our capital utilization for risks, deployment of capital on our businesses and capital flows. We expect dividends from our insurance subsidiaries in 2015 of $4 billion to $5 billion in addition to the distributions received thus far in 2015 that I mentioned a moment ago. Further, we expect tax-sharing payments between $1.5 billion, $2 billion annually [ph] over the next several years which reflects tax planning strategies and updates to our taxable income projections and also reflects our capital gain recognition that realized all of the capital loss carry forwards. We continue to expect that our tax attribute DTA will be fully utilized by 2020 to 2021. We expect our operating effective tax rate for 2015 to be 33% to 34%.  So with that, I'd like to turn the call over to John.
John Doyle: Thank you, David. This morning I will discuss our commercial results which include the operating segments, property casualty, mortgage guarantee and institutional market. You will see that we have moved our insurance run off business which have been part of the PC other, to corporate. This is consistent with our focus on managing runoff lines to capture the greatest economic value for AIG. Certain expenses and investment income that were previously reported as part of PC other have been allocated to commercial and consumer to be consistent with how we manage the business. The total commercial segment pre-tax operating income was $1.2 billion in the quarter, driven by improved property casualty and favorable mortgage insurance results, offset by weaker returns in our institutional market business. Beginning on slide 12 with property casualty results, the quarter benefited from lower CAT and severe losses and improved operating efficiency. Net premiums written excluding the effects of foreign exchange and return premiums on loss sensitive business decline 1% compared to the prior quarter, primarily due to our continue underwriting discipline in U.S. casualty. This was partially offset by new business growth in financial lines and property. Financial lines grew in all regions and importantly in targeted growth areas such as multinationals, small business and M&A. Property grew in all regions and segments outside of the U.S. particularly in middle market property and highly engineered risk. Our intense focus on enhancing customer services in these lines, for example, engineering and loss control services has increasingly becoming a differentiator for AIG. Overall, rate change from the prior year quarter was essential flat. Rate change in U.S. financial lines was just over 2%, while on U.S. specialty it was up about 2% as well. U.S. property rates were down nearly 6% in the quarter. Outside of the U.S. overall property casualty rates decreased slightly. With respect to the rate environment, our management of business mix, enhanced pricing and risk selection tools and improved claim services gives us confidence in the accident year loss ratio trends and continued growth in risk adjusted profitability. For the full year the accident year loss ratio as adjusted was 65.6% or roughly flat from last year following a period of positive improvement. In the quarter we experience modest elevated attritional loss activity in our short-tail lines. General operating expenses improved in the quarter primarily due to the efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives partially offset by investments in technology, engineering and analytics. The structure of our corporate cat placement was consistent with the prior year procured at an improved rate. We also continued our strategy of accessing the capital markets entering into our third cat bond transaction which total $500 million in new issuance. This new bond offering was met with substantial investor interest. Collectively our current cat bonds provide $925 million of indemnity protection. Net investment income for the quarter 7% from the same period last year to $1.1 billion reflecting the impacts of lower new money yields, lower invested assets and reduced contribution from alternative investments. Net investment income for the quarter included approximately $100 million dollars of income from a rates offering in AIG strategic investment in PICC.  Turning to slide 13, mortgage guarantee reported another strong quarter of operating performance with operating income of $171 million. Mortgage guarantee benefited from decreased first lien losses and increase in first lien premiums earns and a second lien litigation settlement. The improvement in lost ratio also includes $30 million of favorable prior years reserve development. Mortgage guarantee remains an important part of our operations given its strong returns and its strategic insights into the residential mortgage market. Turning to slide 14, institutional markets pre-tax operating income decline to $180 million [ph] for the quarter primarily due to lower investment returns on alternative investments. The decrease in net investment income was partially offset by higher fee income driven by growth in assets under management primarily from the stable value RAP business. Premiums and deposits in the quarter grew from the same period last year. Now with regard to 2015, we expect modest growth in the aggregate as we continue to optimize our business mix. We also anticipated additional 1 to 2 point improvement in the property casualty accident year loss ratio in 2015, from ongoing execution of value based initiatives, progress in underwriting and claims excellence and expectations for improve short-tail losses. Although I would caution that results can vary from quarter-to-quarter due to the nature of the short-tail business. We also expect to achieve improved operating efficiency while making investments in technology, engineering and analytics. And as David mentioned we see this quarters decline in net investment income as a trend that will likely continue into 2015 as our loss reserves decline and we continue to invest in this interest rate environment. To sum it up, the commercial team continues to advance its strategic initiatives and to build on the momentum to become our customers more valued insurer. Now Id like to turn the call over to Kevin to discuss the consumer results.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, John, and good morning everyone. As you can see from our revised financial presentation, our consumer results now bring together all of AIGs insurance products and services for consumers whether individual or group based contracts that were previously reported in the life and retirement and property casualty segments. Weve created this global consumer platform with the broad distribution reach under a common leadership team and remain focus on executing against our strategic priorities including our targeted growth strategy. In the fourth quarter we closed on the acquisition of Ageas Protect Limited, a leading provider of life protection products in the U.K. and entered into an agreement to acquire a Laya Healthcare, an Ireland-based healthcare company, which we expect to close in the second quarter of 2015. These acquisitions will help drive continued expansion of our consumer portfolio of insurance solutions design to meet consumer needs for financial, health and retirement security. We believe Ageas will help strengthen our capability in the U.K. where we already offer personal accident, health and travel insurance coverage to consumers, as well as customized insurance solutions for high network individuals through AIG private client group. Laya Healthcare service more than 23% of the Irish private health market offering life, dental and travel insurance as well as health and wellness coverage which nicely rounds out our available products in Ireland and provides a platform for expansion into health insurance in select additional markets around the globe. Combined our consumer businesses delivered $923 million of operating earnings during the quarter. I will cover highlights for each of our three operating segments and share some views on 2015. Before discussing results for the quarter for our retirement businesses which begins on slide 16, I wanted to remind you that as part of our resegmentation, we revised our presentation of retirement results to reclassify a portion of policy fees along with the related portion of DAC amortization from operating income to non-operating income. This reclassification of policy fees which relates primarily to guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit embedded derivatives in our variable annuity products offsets the fees from these embedded derivatives with the associated change in fair value of such derivative viabilities. This reclassification reduced pre-tax operating income for the full year of 2014 by a total of $215 million or roughly $50 million per quarter that had no effect on GAAP net income. We believe this treatment is in line with current industry practice. Operating income for retirement was $722 million for the quarter and reflected growth in key income resulting from higher assets under managements and a decline in net investment income. Policy fees rose from the prior year quarter on growth and assets under management driven principally by strong net flows and variable annuities in retirement income solutions and market depreciation. The decline in net investment income was driven primarily by lower returns on alternative investments as well as decline in base yields as reinvestment rates are below the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio. At current levels we would expect a 4 to 6 basis points quarterly decline in base yields. We also expect net investment income to be lower in 2015 by approximately $200 million due to the significant distributions of excess capital to parent in 2014. Turning to slide 17, the quarter benefited from effective spread management achieved through disciplined new business and active management of crediting rates. The outflow of older policies which carry higher crediting rates than current rates offered has also contributed to reducing our cost of funds which we have reduced in both fixed annuities and group retirement over the last 12 months. Assets under management ended the year at $224 billion, 3% higher than a year ago driven by the strong variable annuity net flows and over all separate account investment performance partially offset by net outflows and fixed annuities and group retirement. Net flows for fixed annuities have been affected by the low interest rate environment. We expect that sales of fixed annuities although up on a sequential basis will remain challenged in the current low interest rate environment as we continue to maintain new pricing discipline. We also experienced two large groups surrenders in our group retirement business related to retirement plan consolidations which we believe are part of the normal competitive pressures in this business. In addition recent market results suggest pressure on new sales of variable annuities, although our index annuity sales continued to gain momentum and macro trends continued to support growing customers need for quality income solutions. Slide 18 presents results for our global life business, which now includes Fuji life in Japan. Life pre-tax operating income of $80 million decreased compared to the prior year quarter primarily due to a charge of $104 million in the fourth quarter to increase reserves for incurred but not reported death claims that David mentioned earlier. This reserve reflects continuing efforts related to a previously disclosed multi-state audit and market conduct examination from 2011. The decrease in pre-tax operating income also reflected a decline in net investment income compared to the fourth quarter of 2013 primarily from lower alternative investments returns as well as a decline in base yields. With respect to life sales, Japan delivered good growth with a 4% increase in sales from the fourth quarter of last year and a 7% increase in premiums. For the full year, Japan represented almost half of the new business sales for our global life business. Life insurance in force reached over $1 trillion at the end of the year more than 9% higher than prior year on both organic growth and the acquisition of Ageas Protect. Turning to slide 19, personal insurance reported operating income of $121 million which reflects improved underwriting income from the year ago partially offset by lower net investment income. Net premiums written grew 2% from the same quarter a year ago, excluding the effects of foreign exchange. We saw growth in the automobile and personal property lines of business partially offset by declines in certain classes of accident and health business as a result of our focus on maintaining underwriting discipline in pricing in terms and conditions. The personal insurance accident year loss ratio as adjusted was 52.1 for the quarter and 6.1 points lower than the same quarter a year ago reflecting improvements across all lines of business. Improvement in the accident year loss ratio for our U.S. warranty programs business was offset by an increase in related profit sharing arrangements which increase the acquisition ratio. We continue to experience lower than expected losses in Japan automobile which benefited from reduced frequency and across the portfolio both catastrophe and severe loss experience were better than our expectations. Looking ahead to 2015 we believe that the full year 2014 accident year loss ratio excluding impact of cash and severe losses is more indicative of our expectations for personal insurance than the current quarter ratio. The general operating expense ratio decline 1.7 points from a year ago primarily due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives partially offset by increased technology related expenses. While were pleased that we have begun to see benefits from our initiatives thus far, as David mentioned, we are focusing on delivering on further operation efficiencies as we move forward. Our Japan integration initiative is an important part of this story given the size and scale of our Japanese operations. We currently estimate that Japan integration cost will amount to $150 million in 2015 consistent with previous disclosure. However, as the final data of merger is subject to approval by the relevance authorities specific timing of benefits to emerge remains uncertain. We are carefully managing every aspect of this complex initiative and remain on-track to deliver an internal rate of return on this investment that will exceed AIGs hurdle rates and achieve a return in the low double digits. We have already begun to see certain benefits arising out of these investments such as the recent launch of a new agency front-end system that is now available to over 1500 agents and will be expanded across our distribution network in the coming months. To close, for our consumer businesses well remain focus on managing growth, profitability, and risk by executing on strategies, maintaining a prudent risk profile and emphasizing capital efficient growth opportunities. Now Id like to turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A.
Liz Werne: Thank you. Operator, can we open up the lines of questions, please?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Mike Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs
Mike Nannizzi: Thank you. So Kevin, just following up on something you just said now, on the consumer loss ratio, the full year being more indicative than the fourth quarter, the expense ratio was higher in the fourth quarter than the full year. So if you juxtapose those two, that would imply that, in personal lines, you would be running over 100. Is that where you expect to be running that business, or is there something on the expense side that we should be considering where 4Q may not be a good starting point? Thanks.
Kevin Hogan: No. Were anticipating running this business over a 100. We anticipate overall continuing improvements in the expenses in personal insurance associated with the efficiencies that we have gained. And in terms of loss ratio, there was better than expected experience this year particularly with respect to Japan automobile. And so its that particular anomaly that we dont anticipate to repeat in 2015.
Mike Nannizzi: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe, Peter, the $650 million, maybe David, $650 million that you -- or so that you talked about in investment in 2014, could we get an idea of what that was in the prior year and what have been the returns that you have seen, so the expense saves that you have generated from the investment so far, just to get an idea of sort of how that process is tracking?
Peter Hancock: We didnt discussed 2013, because its a bit of  the comparison is not really one for one, because there were many projects and initiatives that were doing in 2014 that were not in existence in 2013, so its a bit of apples and oranges so to speak. So, the returns that are coming out of  again, they are in varying stages. So for example, the biggest items in there are for example our movement to shared services, the Japan initiative and certain the shared services and some of the finance functions, those are the biggest ticket item. So were beginning to see payback in each one of those at various stages against some come sooner than others. The finance centers have more immediate payback. Its closer to a near within one year of the spent youre seeing the initiatives. So, we havent quantify the exact benefit yet, but again its going to varied by each one of those projects.
David Herzog: I think the important theme is that weve set expense targets that we just disclosed on a net basis. So effectively we are maintaining and increasing the level of investments while reducing the net number by 3% to 5%, so the business as usual expense declining faster than 3% to 5% as we step up the level of investment on return  on projects where we feel comfortable that we have a good expected return above our hurdle rate. So were not sacrificing long-term growth and efficiency in order to get this net expense reduction.
Mike Nannizzi: Great. And then just connecting, David, your comments on deployment this year, the $6 billion to $7 billion, just trying to square that to the buyback authorization of $2.5 billion. So is the expectation that you put the buyback authorization out, you exhaust it at some point this year and then continue increasing or putting up new authorizations as you go through?
Peter Hancock: Well, the expectation for the full year is 6% to 7% both in total for share repurchase in shareholder dividends. And again, Ive made reference to more dynamic approach so we wanted to reflect the very robust distributions to the holding company and importantly the reduction in risk in our P&C business and so we increase the amount of authorization or asked for authorization  the amount of authorization we ask for to the first quarter. So, we will deploy as appropriate and then again based on facts and circumstances seek additional approvals throughout the year.
Mike Nannizzi: Great. And last quick one, any impact from energy related investments on either private equity returns, book value that we should think about just given the three months lag in private equity?
Peter Hancock: Nothing material.
Mike Nannizzi: Thank you.
Operator: Well now take our next question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Yes. Thank you. Couple of questions. One is in the U.S. consumer business, and I know the acquisition expense ratio was up because of these profit-sharing commissions, but the loss ratio relative to the past couple of quarter actually didnt get better and so is there some sort of catch up with that number, what kind of acquisition ratio should we expect going forward? Is it bit different than what you have been running?
David Herzog: Yes. Jay, thanks. The sequence of loss ratio improvement is not substantive, but year-over-year it is substantive and the profit share is of course a look back mechanism. And so  I think where we are right, weve restructured the underlying programs in the U.S. warranty business essentially instituting deductible and other risk management, arrangements which would change the profile of the loss ratio and acquisition ratio overtime.
Jay Cohen: Got it. And then secondly, the comment about a 1 to 2 point accident year loss ratio improvement I guess on the commercial side for 2015 -- and I guess it was John that said that -- can you discuss the drivers of that improvement?
John Doyle: Sure, Jay its mix of business really being the primary lever. Its also increased confidence in some of the risk selection and pricing tools weve implemented over the course of the last several years. Its from improved claim service outside of primarily outside of the United States made big investments in our claims team and claim technology to improve how we run off the results outside of U.S. And then lastly we expect the short-tail losses which you know as I mentioned were slightly elevated this year, the attritional short-tail losses to move back to a more normal state. So its a combination of those things, but you know as I also noted given the amount of short-tail business we have it can be lumpy from quarter to quarter.
Jay Cohen: Got it.
John Doyle: Thanks, Jay.
Operator: Moving on well take our next question from Jay Gelb from Barclays.
Jay Gelb: Thank you and good morning. First, for David, the lockup of the AerCap shares begins to expire this month and I heard that you've made a mention of that $6 billion to $7 billion of share repurchase and dividend in 2015 didn't include monetization of non-core assets. So I was hoping you can update us on your view in terms of when or if you can start to sell down that AerCap stake of $4 billion? Thanks.
David Herzog: Sure. The -- if part is pretty easy, its further contractual lock ups which the first one third expire actually next week. Thats the how we could. We havent commented on the monetization of this non-core asset Ill maybe ask Peter to share his views and perspective on it. As we have done before  as I said before it doesnt change our view of this as a non-core asset but we want to, will be very thoughtful as we think about maximizing value for our shareholders. So Peter, anything you want to add to that.
Peter Hancock: I think that weve had a good track record over the last five years of making very thoughtful disposal decisions in the light of the value that we can realize and a patient approach to disposing of this non-core asset is what we think makes sense. Its quite accretive to our coverage ratio from a raisings perspective and in our stress test while as an equity, a concentrated equity position on the face of it, it was seen like a hot potato. I would not describe it that way because we have extremely comfortable capital accretions from a stress testing perspective. So I think we have time on our side, but we recognize its a non-core asset and if we receive a favourable offer for it, of course we will dispose a bit and then redeploy that capital to our core operations.
Jay Gelb: All right that makes sense. Then on the ROE expectation, if I think about 50 basis points of improvement starting at a 7.4% level for this year normalized, Im just trying to get a qualitative perspective of why Peter you and the board feel that thats adequate to potentially not get to 9% before even 2017.
Peter Hancock: Well we have a long term goal of getting north of 10% as I stated, and most importantly getting it above our cost of capital and so we look at the interaction of what were doing to reduce our cost of capital in particular de-risking the company and focussing the quality of earnings on really repeatable sources. So, sure we could get to the target quicker, but wed probably be at the expense of sustainability of earnings, quality of earnings, and we have judged that this is an appropriate pace that continues to demonstrate our commitment improving returns while doing so in a sustainable way. And so weve made careful tradeoffs to improve the returns and it would be very transparent about that process.
Jay Gelb: All right. And then last one, on the life risk-based capital ratio currently at 490% when we hear from other large life insurers like Met and Prudential, they are targeting more in the 400% to 450% range. So I'm wondering if you still might have more room to bring down that RBC in the life business.
Peter Hancock: Thank you, Jay. As we have said I think in the past, our range, target range is somewhere in that business between 425 and 470, thats a range. So were at 490. Weve taken very substantial amounts of capital out of those companies, so the short answer is yes, we still have more room to reduce that but again were pretty clear and were clear with all our stake holders what that range is and were going to be very methodical and measured about how we do that. But, weve made clear what our range is, weve obviously taken very substantial steps to get close to that, remember last year we were north of 560 or 568 a year ago. So weve taken meaningful steps, so I think those actions should give you some sense of how we are thinking about it.
Jay Gelb: Thank you.
Operator: Moving now well take our next question that will come from Adam Klauber from William Blair.
Adam Klauber: Well thanks, good morning. The retirement and life generally -- it was a weaker quarter; our income was lower than it has been really over the last five or seven. Should we think about this as more of a typical quarter, or should we think about it, look at the context of those segments more on an annual basis versus the fourth quarter?
Peter Hancock: Yes thanks Adam. Look I think in part of the difference in the income came from the performance and the alternatives and partnerships which you know I think is kind of a normal course of business. We have seen a little bit of deals compression but nothing unusual in this quarter. We did have the IBNR reserve, the ongoing activities from 2011 associated with the identification of policy holders and beneficiaries, which is a process involving a third party vendor provides us information we have to engage in the matches and you know as that process comes to near a conclusion you know we have to respond to the matches that are occurring and the identification of those policy holders. A lot of these are very small face amount policies, a lot of them go back a number of years and matching you know is not an automated process. And those are some of the anomalies, you know as I mentioned that the current rate environment and by that assuming a 10-year key around 180 this is where we expect a drift of four to six basis points per quarter in the base yields. Thats a trend that will depend upon what the future rate environment is.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then in group retirement you mentioned a couple large accounts left or were consolidated. Do you think there will be more of those or are they one-off and do that have any impact on their quarterly financials?
Peter Hancock: So we dont, first of all I think its important to note we dont anticipate a substantial impact on earnings from these larger cases and with respect to the larger cases they dont always come up for revisitation, we see nothing on the horizon at this juncture, of course you cant anticipate where consolidations may occur. And as you know there are consolidations in a number of industries especially healthcare associated with the recent developments in those industries. So we do see them as part of a normal aspect of the environments and they are essentially one off items.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then in the commercial insurance, on the P&C side, we saw good progress on the expense ratio. You mentioned you are going to continue to work towards that but in investments. So again, is this year -- is the progress we have seen this year better than we can expect going forward, or is it possible to see that type of progress going forward on the expense ratio?
Peter Hancock: As I mentioned in my opening comments Adam, well see some GOE improvement next year, I dont anticipate that it will get the same dollar amount dollar that we improved earning 2014 you know and of course the ratio will depend on other factors, but we do expect to continue to get more efficient.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Well now take our next question; will be from Josh Stirling from Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling: Hi, good morning. So Peter, thank you. I think we all appreciate the clarity in your goals. I wanted to spend just a minute or two talking about them. Like Jay, I guess I am kind of surprised about the pace of recovery that is implied by the bridge to 10% and I wonder  obviously, first of all, make sure we understand that, but I also wonder more fundamentally, why is AIG's long-term goal only at 10%? If I try to put this simply, many of your monoline peers in life and P&C all consistently generate solid mid-teens ROEs. Why shouldn't something higher be the long-term inspirational target? Is there something about the business mix or infrastructure challenges or capital requirements thats really going to be a permanent headwind for the Company, or is this something we just need to be patient and we are going to see upside to these goals over time?
Peter Hancock: Well, I think given where were starting from to speculate beyond three years is challenging. The 10% in an environment if we have persistent deflationary pressures, low inflation and low investment yield. In our view is actually quite comfortably above what the cost of capital is likely to be at that point. So our goal as we say in overall terms is have to sustainable ROE above our cost to capital, which is also a function of our risk levels. And so if others are running at much higher ROEs I suspect it is  because they choose to run their balance sheets with more leverage and are willing to take more risk. And we think that we would like to position the company as a very balance portfolio of diversified risk so that that we can whether swings in these pricing cycles, swings in the economic cycles and be opportunistic in times of crisis where we think that there are tremendous one-off opportunities to add value. And I think that maximizing ROE inhibits that financial flexibility but making sure that their ROE is comfortable above the cost of equity of the company and from sustainable sources as oppose to short term risk taking of any kind. So we are very committed to improving the quality as well as the quantity of earnings and been transparent about that shift of mix.
Josh Stirling: Okay. I'm wondering if we could just briefly, similar sort of concept in a way, thinking about focus on returns and the environment. I think you guys disclosed pricing was down relatively notably in property. In commercial business I think overall you guys were flattish. How do we think about you guys maintaining your pricing discipline in the context of everything else you are trying to do when you are also still trying to grow? How do we know that you are going to focus on margins first and sort of long-term health of the franchise second?
David Herzog: Well, I wanted to signal that very much in the $2.5 billion buyback, because we talk about one of the factor that let us to step up the pace of buyback was the fact that we had reduced risk in the business and in particular in commercial. And thats because we walked away from certain property renewals where we felt we were not getting adequately return rewarded for risk. And so what were really saying is that the pricing discipline comes with it a sense that the capital we have is precious and we will not deploy it if were not getting an adequate return on it. So, prompt return of capital thats not deployed at adequate ROEs is our way of demonstrating to you and internally that were not about volume or about value.
Josh Stirling: Thats great. Thanks for the clear signal.
Operator: And well now take our question that will come from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank
Josh Shanker: Yes. Good morning everyone. I just had some questions about the early debt retirement and when it occurred. Was there some debt that you retired in the quarter that already paid a coupon during the quarter, or more succinctly can we look at the 4Q run rate of interest expense as, at this point, a benchmark for looking into 2015?
David Herzog: Josh, its David, as Ive said in my opening remarks we expect based on full year expectation to have interest expense of around or just inside of $1.1 billion. So again, you can look at the fourth quarter as a reasonable proxy.
Peter Hancock: For 1Q and then go down.
David Herzog: Again, thats why Im trying to give you a level of insight. I think its important to note that our leverage ratios are very much inside our target area, our target zone and that effect on the low side of that, so I think weve got plenty of financial flexibility, but we are obviously focused on balancing leverage and our coverage. So I think those are critical points you should take away.
Josh Shanker: Great. And on the incurred but not reported death claims, there were related charges taken both in 2Q, 2011 and 4Q, 2011. What solace should investors take that we are getting close to getting this  as an issue that is behind them?
Peter Hancock: Well, yes, thats true, I mean, this has been an ongoing process of working with new process for identifying deceased policyholders and their beneficiaries. We have much experience now with the vendor and with the matching process and we went through an extensive analysis. Were getting down to the last  I think process is with the vendor and we have some insight into what we believe is going to be coming in the matching process in the future. So right now this is our best estimate of what we think will bring us to the conclusion of this process. But until we get the files from the vendor and engage in a physical matching we cant provide 100% guarantee.
Josh Shanker: And that charge includes the interest on unpaid claims as accrued since that time?
David Herzog: Yes. It does, in fact that was an aspect of one of the reserve increases that you noted before and so we do fully incorporate interest in the reserve.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you.
David Herzog: Thank you.
Operator: Well now take our question from Larry Greenberg, Janney Capital.
Larry Greenberg: Good morning and thank you. I'm wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit more on whats going on at VALIC. I understand the large cases that were lost, but I guess, in particular, it appears you have been pretty aggressive in managing crediting rates and I'm wondering if maybe that is having an impact on the business, just recognizing the flow of surrender activity and overall flows? And it also seems like the ROA has been trending down as well, so maybe just an update on the health of that business?
Peter Hancock: Actually we consider the health of the group retirement business actually quite strong. We continue recruit advisors. We have had I think good success with the process of expanding some of the product portfolio that were able to represents in that business. And while it is true we are and we continue to be disciplined in our new business pricing. We dont see the loss of these large cases as relevant to that. We continue to invest in this business. We invest in our record-keeping capabilities and also our advisory capabilities and were also introducing a kind of a retirements information center to help educate our customers there. The most important part of the margins in this business or in the smaller and medium size cases and in the ongoing contributions, so we do not get necessarily distracted by some of the consolations that occurred in the large case area.
Larry Greenberg: So other than the large case activity, its pretty much business as usual there?
Peter Hancock: Its certainly a competitive environment and we are monitoring very carefully the developments in that business, but like I said we continue to invest in that business and we are comfortable where we are. Clearly yield environment is something that impacts that business as well. And we are investing in substantial technology to improve our position.
Larry Greenberg: Great. And then just finally, on the life RBC ratio, was the decline for the year driven entirely by dividends up to the parent, or were there any adjustments made for low interest rates as well?
David Herzog: [Indiscernible] the short answer is no. Thats a substantially all of the decrease in the RBC was related to the dividend close. We did provide additional reserves for cash flow testing, but those were insignificant relative to the rest of the decline from distributions.
Larry Greenberg: Great. Thank you very much.
Liz Werne: Hey operator, I think we only have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Certainly. Well take in our final question from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. Peter, I just wanted to ask you a few questions about your 9% ROE goal for 2017. Should we view that as a  is that a goal, is that a plan? What are you contemplating for interest rates, now does that assume rising interest rates, flat can you just give a little color there?
Peter Hancock: So first of all I wouldnt describe it as a goal. Our goal is  our broadest goal is to have a sustainable ROE comfortably above our cost of equity and secondly weve restated our long term goal of 10%. The full cost which is what I have provided over the next three years of 50 basis point improvement per year is premised on an interest rate environment that reflects the forward curve in the market. So whether the market is right or wrong your guess is as good as mine. We tend to run at fairly carefully match duration book of the company, dont speculate on interest rates but I think that the interest rate assumption that weve used in our financial planning is based on the forward curve.
Tom Gallagher: Okay. This is just an editorial comment by me but I think one thing being lost here is the fact that you also mentioned you are expecting 10% book value growth. So I would just comment that 50 basis points of improvement per year with 10% book value growth is actually a pretty solid level of earnings growth implied, for whatever that is worth. David, and just to clarify, if I understood your comments correctly the $2.5 billion buyback authorization is expected to be the pace in 1Q and then should we then expect a falloff? I assume that is funded by the de-access that was taken out of the life company and then should we expect a falloff to get to that, I guess, $6 billion to $7 billion of total capital return, including dividends for the balance of the year? Is that the right pace to think about?
Peter Hancock: Toms its Peter. I think that the concept of the buyback being funded is I think combining solvency risk with liquidity risk in a way that I wouldnt. As you noticed in the last quarter we issued a substantial amount of very long term debt at a very effective level so we have comfortable liquidity in the holding company. And so as we look at this scale of buyback its not really constrained by liquidity, its really driven by risk. And so as we look at how the risk profile of the company changes, the RBC levels and dividends up from the subsidiaries is simply one indicator of enterprise risk, but the more we the rating agencies and the Fed look at the company as one combined enterprise we start to see that we have substantial capacity to cope with the risk level of the company because the company has been substantially derisked over the last five year and we continue to de-risk the company.  And as I mentioned earlier, as we exercise discipline in terms of new business writing we may find if the pricing environment in the P&C side is softer further capacity because of less risk. That may not be reflected in the short term and RBC ratios. So I just want to make sure that we recognize this is not literally dollar for dollar funding its separating the liquidity management which is comfortable with a view towards managing enterprise risk well within our risk appetite.
Tom Gallagher: Understood Peter on their sources and uses comment. Am I right about their pace though that you all expect?
Peter Hancock: So I think that the pace you can incur [ph] from Davids 6 to 7 for the full year which would suggest its somewhat accelerated pace in the first quarter, but reminding yourself that it excludes any non-core asset disposals or accelerated unwind of a dip.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks. And then one last one, Kevin, one thing that stood out in your businesses was pretty strong improvement in international. There was a drop off in revenues but then margins also picked up, can you explain what was happening there?
Kevin Hogan: Well you know Tom an important part of the improvement does come from Japan and we have been working on the overall rate adequacy in that environment in addition to enjoying an unusual year with respect to the automobile loss ratio that was a feature of and the change in the way non claim discount bonuses that actually driven down frequency to the entire market and then the fuel prices which ironically were high at the time you know also reduced the amount of driving and that led to a substantial improvement there. I think in terms of revenue, there is an underlying improvement in our growth, but it is not as dramatic as the improvements in both loss ratios as weve instituted many of similar underwriting tools as to what commercial has successfully used over the last couple of years.
Tom Gallagher: Okay and so its Japan auto driving the improvement  so is this do you think this is a good new run rate would you expect continued margin improvement from here?
Kevin Hogan: The Japan auto was unusual in that the prices of fuel were high they are not anticipated to stay high, so we do not expect frequency to stay that low, but Tom the improvement in the underwriting actually comes across the board, its not limited to Japan. The implementation of the tools that I mentioned are having an impact on rate adequacy and portfolio quality across the board, as we actively manage the portfolio. So dont anticipate the loss ratio as a fourth quarter as a run rate theres a number of anomalies we had a very benign CAT environment, severe losses below our expectations and also the unusual situation in Japan.
Tom Gallagher: Okay, thanks.
Liz Werne: Thank you everyone and we will be sure to follow up with everybody whos still in queue.
Operator: And thank you everyone. That will conclude todays conference. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Werner - Head of Investor Relations Peter Hancock - President and Chief Executive Officer David Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Doyle - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Commercial Insurance Kevin Hogan - Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Consumer Insurance Charlie Shamieh - SVP and Corporate Chief Actuary
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Jay Cohen - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to AIG's Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Werner: Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to introduce our speakers this morning. With us are Peter Hancock, our CEO; David Herzog, CFO; John Doyle, Head of Commercial; and Kevin Hogan, Head of Consumer. We also have other members of the management available to participate in our Q&A session. Before we start our prepared remarks, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2013 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and also under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement, which is available on our website, www.aig.com. With that, I'd like to turn our call over to our CEO, Peter Hancock.
Peter Hancock: Good morning. Thank you, Liz, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Before we begin our discussion of the quarter, I'd like to say that I look forward to leading AIG and I'm confident in our team, the strength of our industry-leading balance sheet and the opportunities for our global businesses. AIG is well positioned to meet the needs of its broad customer base across the markets we pursue and we'll continue our focus on balancing growth, profitability and risk to deliver exceptional returns to shareholders. I'm pleased with the quarter's operating results and the continued execution of our capital management objectives. Through the first nine months of the year, value per share growth has exceeded 15%, a trend we expect to continue. This morning, my remarks will touch on three topics. The first is our new management structure and operating committee. The second is my immediate priorities, and I'll conclude with a brief update on Fed oversight. First on management structure. Last quarter, I stated that you should not see abrupt changes in our strategies and objectives, and that's still the case. The recently announced new operating committee creates a structure that facilitates further collaboration and reinforces the value of One AIG. This committee reports directly to me and represents the team that will be leading our strategic initiatives across products and geographies. AIG is a company where 20 different businesses account for 80% of our revenue. It's critical that we take an integrated approach to managing our operations in order to best serve our customers and pursue new growth opportunities. We're looking to improve operating efficiency and decision-making by eliminating layers in the organization. As an example, we're not filling my former position and we're incorporating the Life and Retirement businesses into our global operating framework. I'm grateful for the strong team that Jay developed over his many years at AIG and I'm committed to the future growth of our Life and Retirement businesses. Jay's responsibilities will be largely assumed by Kevin Hogan, who as Head of Consumer, is focused on our global life opportunities and as you know has decades of experience in the life, personal lines and accident and health markets. John Doyle continues to oversee our Commercial businesses and has assumed responsibility for UGC and our institutional markets business. The diverse experience that Kevin and John bring to their respective roles allows them to be spam breakers and encourage collaboration across all our disciplines on a global basis. Our three regional leaders are locally focused and have accountability for executing our strategies in conjunction with our local teams. Their local reach is designed to improve speed and effectiveness. You'll see that technology and science are represented on the operating committee, which speaks to our commitment to their respective roles within AIG. Science continues to partner with all our functions to capitalize on data analytics, and other scientific breakthroughs. Our investments in technology are central to providing the solutions our customers demand with the greatest of efficiency and adaptability. Now turning to my immediate priorities of culture, technology and value-based metrics. Starting with culture, to begin, I believe that a culture of collaboration is necessary to realize the true value of all that AIG has to offer. A few companies have the scope of businesses, customers and sheer data available to AIG. We believe our customer relationships are important and mutually beneficial. By working across the organization, we've tapped into opportunities that we may have overlooked under more siloed approach to running our businesses. The new management structure was another step to encourage collaboration and we believe a cultural collaboration will drive future opportunities. Turning to technology, you've heard me discuss science and technology to drive problem-solving and to reduce claims costs. Science is already paying dividends to us and is working across our businesses to provide critical insight and further data segmentation. Our OneClaim technology provides more enriched and consistent data to science, actuarial and others to drive better decision making. We've taken another step forward by elevating the role of technology with the announced hiring of Phil Fasano, our new Chief Information Officer, who also reports directly to me. Under Phil's leadership, we expect to achieve our vision of providing a truly seamless technology experience to our customers, distribution partners and employees. Phil's most recent experience is at Kaiser Permanente, and he brings an extensive track record of improving systems and data management while creating innovative solutions. Turning now value-based metrics, I've talked about value over volume approach in our P&C companies and going forward you can expect a broader implementation of value-based metrics at AIG. The success of AIG PC has translated to improved results and effective capital allocation. A framework of assessing the economic value of all our products won't result in dramatic changes to our business mix, but it is an important discipline for us to continually access the highest return on our capital, taking into account risk and sustainable growth. Now finally, Fed regulation. I'd like to speak about the ongoing importance of Fed regulation for AIG and how to consider the impact at this stage. We continue to work closely with the Fed and maintain a positive dialogue with the goal of providing the insights and information that are essential to operating as a well-regulated financial institution. It's too early to discuss [ph] SECAR requirements for a non-bank SIFI, and there are unique aspects of the insurance companies that are noteworthy. As an example, in comparison to banks, insurance companies have significantly lower leverage and greater liquidity. Diversification of risk is the essence of insurance's existence, while banks' risk profiles tend to be highly correlated to the economic cycle. Furthermore, primary insurers are far less interconnected to each other than the banking industry is. Our policy holder focus and the requirements of our existing regulatory bodies also has a meaningful impact on how we operate. We mention these differences to highlight the complexity involved in non-bank SIFI regulation. We continue to work with all our regulators globally and we'll provide more insights as they are available. With that, I'd like to turn our call over to David to discuss the numbers and the quarter.
David Herzog: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I will review the highlights of the quarter's results, our capital management activity and our liquidity and capital position. Turning to Slide 4, our after-tax operating income for the quarter was $1.7 billion, up 23% from a year earlier or $1.21 per diluted share. Our operating return on equity was 7.2%. Since our earnings are tax affected and we are not paying taxes to the US government, given our NOLs, our operating ROE, excluding the DTA from equity, was about 8.6%. Reported net income of $2.2 billion included a non-operating gain related to the previously announced settlement with Bank of America, which was about $570 million after-tax. The after-tax impact of this gain reflected the benefit of utilizing substantially all of our remaining capital loss carryforwards. Partially offsetting this non-operating gain was a loss on extinguishment of debt associated with our liability management actions during the third quarter. Third quarter book value per share, excluding AOCI, was $69.28, up 11% from a year ago, largely driven by our earnings. The comparable book value metric on the same basis as the ROE, excluding DTA, is book value per share excluding AOCI and DTA, which was $58.11 per share at the end of the third quarter, up 15% from a year earlier. However, this assumes that the DTA has no value. There is significant economic value in the DTA, which results from the monetization of the tax attributes in the form of cash to our holding company from tax sharing payments from our operating companies. In our view, the present value of these cash flows can be projected at somewhere between $7 and $8 per share. Operating income, which is shown on Slide 5, reflects a 14% growth in insurance operating income from a year-ago quarter. I will mention just a few noteworthy items and John and Kevin will provide more details on the operating results. In the quarter, our P&C business incurred approximately $227 million of net adverse prior-year development, spanning principally from accident years 2006 and prior and concentrated in the primary casualty lines, primary general liability including construction defects and commercial auto. Overall experience for accident years 2007 and subsequent was favorable mainly due to the effects to reduced policy limits and re-underwriting of our excess casualty portfolio. Our Life and Retirement results benefited from net favorable unlocking adjustments of about $120 million is part of our normal annual review. Collectively, the DIB and global capital markets or DIB GCM delivered another solid quarter with over $350 million of operating earnings that was driving by market appreciation on legacy assets whose values may fluctuate as they move towards the ultimate recovery values that we expect. We continue to reduce the DIB GCM. In the third quarter, we redeemed about $2 billion of DIB debt due in 2016 and 2017. And in October, we redeemed another $2.4 billion of DIB debt due in 2018, in each case using cash and short-term investments allocated to the DIB. We continue to expect that the actions that we will take will result in the release of a capital to parent over time as the maturities of liabilities and the underlying assets and derivative positions are monetized and settled. Recent improvements in risk profile and leverage led to the release of NAV to the parent which will be taken into consideration in next year's capital planning. With respect to our 46% equity pickup in AerCap's earnings, as I mentioned to you last quarter, we will have differences from time to time in our estimates in the actual results because of timing. Such differences will be trued up in the subsequent quarters as was the case this quarter with the positive true-up of about $30 million related to the second quarter results. Corporate expenses were $280 million for the quarter and included a short-term incentive compensation accrual of just over $50 million. We will evaluate the level of our accrual in the fourth quarter based on the full year performance and trued up as necessary. Our reported operating effective tax rate for the quarter was roughly 34%, in line with the previous outlook of 33% to 34% operating tax rates. Our strong capital position as of the end of the quarter is shown on Slide 6. During the quarter, we utilized the remaining amount under our existing share repurchase authorization, deploying roughly $1.5 billion towards repurchase of approximately 25 million shares of common stock. Following the end of the quarter, an additional 3.9 million shares were delivered to us in full completion of the ASR, which was initiated in September. We also distributed about $180 million in dividends to our shareholders during the quarter. In addition, our Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase authorization of $1.5 billion. With respect to capital management, we continue to manage the cost of debt and our debt maturities. During the quarter, we purchased in tender offers of certain high-cost hybrid debt and senior debt securities at the parent for an average purchase price of about $2.5 billion. In unrelated transaction, we also issued $2.5 billion of debt comprised of $1 billion of 2.3% five-year notes and $1.5 billion of 4.5% 30-year notes. And we issued an additional $750 million in the 4.5% 30-year notes in October. Additionally in October, we repurchased $1.6 billion of principal amount of the 8.175 hybrid notes as part of our continued effort to reduce our high-cost legacy debt. Year-to-date annual net interest savings from these actions are approximately $160 million. The run rate for 2015 interest expense now is roughly $1.1 billion. We ended the quarter with financial leverage ratios including the hybrids of about 16.4% or 15.8% when giving effect to the October activity. We continue to be opportunistic in our debt capital management and expect that our improving earnings profile, particularly from our core insurance businesses, will continue to positively impact our coverage ratios going forward. Cash flows for the holding company remained strong, as you can see on Slide 7. We received cash dividends and loan repayments from our insurance subsidiaries of $2.1 billion during the quarter, bringing year-to-date cash distributions to $5.4 billion. Third quarter cash distributions included $400 million from the property-casualty companies and $1.7 from the Life and Retirement companies. Proper-casualty also distributed about $400 million of securities, which are included in the AIG parent liquidity under unencumbered fixed maturity securities. The cash distributions from the Life and Retirement included $465 million associated with the litigation settlement that I mentioned earlier and a little over $480 million of proceeds from the sale of the PICC shares to parent. We also received additional distributions from Life and Retirement at a little over $600 million in October in the form of cash and securities. We ended 2013 with an RBC ratio of 568%. In the Life and Retirement, we look to distribute excess capital from the Life and Retirement to the holding company to operate those businesses with an RBC closer to 470%. In addition to these distributions, we received tax sharing payments from our insurance businesses of a little over $300 million in the third, bringing the total to $1.1 billion year-to-date. We expect to make small tax payments to some of our insurance companies in the fourth quarter to true up the actual. Following the quarter, we paid $960 million associated with the previously announced 2008 class action settlement, which had previously been reserved. We expect continued strong cash flows from our operating companies and we also expect 2015 tax sharing payments to be somewhere between $1.8 billion and $2 billion, and our current expectation is that our tax attribute DTA will be fully utilized by 2020 to 2021. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John.
John Doyle: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. AIG's property-casualty results in the third quarter reflect execution against our strategic objectives and our continued focus on underwriting discipline and risk selection. If you turn to Slide 8, you can see the third quarter property-casualty income of $1.1 billion, up from a year ago, benefited from earned premium growth, improvement in the accident year loss ratio in both commercial and consumer businesses and higher net investment income. Reported net premium written grew 3% from the same period last year, also reflecting growth in both commercial and consumer insurance. Similar to the year-ago quarter, this quarter was a relatively benign cat quarter with losses of $284 million from eight different events. Net investment income growth reflected improved returns from alternative investment, which were roughly 10% on an annualized basis better than our 8% expectation. If you turn to Slide 9, commercial insurance reported net premium written growth of 5% versus the same period a year ago or 3% when adjusted for FX and additional premiums on our loss sensitive business, led by increases in our property and financial lines businesses. Property net premiums written rose on increases in new business in the middle market and highly engineered risks. In addition, this growth benefited from improved retention on renewal business and changes to optimize our retention of more favorable risks. Financial lines growth reflected new business increases of targeted growth products such as multinational small business and M&A across all of our regions as well as favorable rate environment here in the United States. Global commercial rates increased slightly in the quarter and were up 1.8% in the US. US financial lines led with a 3.9% increase, powered by our specialty lines of 2.4% here in the US, while casualty was up 2.2% in the United States. Property rates were down 2.3% and overall market conditions have been fairly stable and consistent with the second quarter. With respect to rate trends, we believe it's our pricing strategy, our business mix and our focus on pricing each risk appropriately that gives us confidence in our accident year loss ratio trend and continued growth in risk-adjusted profitability. The accident year loss ratio as adjusted in commercial improved by 1.4 points from the year-ago quarter primarily due to an improvement in financial lines as a result of our fine business mix and underwriting improvement as well as 0.6 tenths of 1 point decline in severe losses from the year-ago quarter. Our global property business continues to deliver positive risk-adjusted profitability even considering the recent elevated trends of severe losses. Turning to Slide 10, mortgage guarantee reported another strong quarter of operating performance with operating income of $135 million. Mortgage guarantee continues to benefit from improvement in delinquency ratio and cure rates. UGC has become part of our commercial insurance business and remains an important core insurance operation for us, given its strong returns and strategic insights into the residential mortgage market. To sum up, the commercial team continues to advance on its strategic initiatives where collaboratively across all AIG businesses and further build value for all of our stakeholders. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin to discuss our consumer PC and Life and Retirement businesses.
Kevin Hogan: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. As Peter mentioned, we are bringing together our consumer-oriented businesses in both the Life and Retirement and peroperty-casualty segments to create a global consumer platform with broad distribution reach under common management. Both of these businesses are well positioned with strong leadership, great management teams and a sustainable strategy. The third quarter represented strong results across all our consumer businesses including our significant Life and Retirement businesses, which I will address later. In terms of PC consumer, at our Japan Investor Day, we highlighted the uniqueness of our franchise, our data-oriented decision making and our focused growth approach. Our progress this quarter was consistent with this message as we saw positive developments across our global businesses, underwriting improvements and lines where data growth pricing, and we achieved growth in a number of products. I'll begin on Slide 11 where you can see net premiums written for consumer property-casualty grew 2% from the same quarter a year ago, excluding the effects of foreign exchange. There were a number of businesses driving this quarter's topline including attractive new business sales in Japan personal property, continued growth in AIG Fuji Life products and improved rates and retentions in our US private client group. We note that some of this growth was offset in the quarter due to changes we made in our US warranty programs. We remain positive about the growth potential going forward for consumer PC and we'll continue to pursue opportunities across select geographies and product lines. Importantly, we delivered better-than-expected underwriting results across our major products. The third quarter accident year loss ratio of 55 for consumer is the lowest we have reported since we began to separately present consumer PC results. In Japan, where our largest personal auto book resides, we continue to see favorable claims experience and realize the benefit of positive rate actions. This quarter's underwriting improvement was also positively impacted by the coverage actions we took a year ago in our US warranty book. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we had historically experienced a sequential increase in our loss ratio compared to the third quarter. That said, I believe the over 2 point improvement in our loss ratio year-to-date is based on sustainable underwriting and pricing actions that allows for continued underwriting profitability, which in turn supports our competitive position in the marketplace and allows for ongoing investments in our consumer franchise. The investments we are making in our infrastructure are evident in our general operating expense ratio, which rose 2.4 points from the same period in the prior year. The Japan integration costs were the greatest contributor to this increase and are ongoing. Our acquisition ratio was flat with the year-ago quarter, largely reflecting the level of production growth. Turning to Slide 13, the current Life and Retirement segment, I'm pleased to report continued strong financial performance generating $1.3 billion of operating earnings, 18% higher than the year-ago quarter. Growth in earnings was driven by an increase in fee income on higher assets under management and higher net investment income due primarily to strong returns on alternative investments. Results also benefited from our continued focus on spread management and our disciplined approach to new business pricing across products. In addition to strong earnings, Life and Retirement declared nearly $2.4 million in insurance company dividends in the quarter. Our dividend activity is reflective of strong statutory capital generation by the underlying business as well as our ongoing efforts to distribute excess capital to parent. Assets under management increased for the fifth consecutive quarter, reaching a record of $334 billion, 10% higher than a year ago. Growth in assets under management was driven by an 18% increase in separate account assets and reflected positive net flows in individual variable annuities, growth in our stable value wrap business and equity market appreciation. In the third quarter, we achieved new records in our retirement income solutions business, generating $2.9 billion in premiums and deposits and nearly $2 billion in net flows. Approximately half of the growth in retirement income solution sales came from index annuities, which have become an important offering in our suite of retirement products. Also reflected in third quarter earnings is the impact of our annual review of gross profit assumptions, which resulted in $120 million net positive adjustments to earnings, approximately equivalent to the level of adjustment made in the prior-year period. Our net adjustment this quarter was impacted by changes to investment spread assumptions. Although spreads have recently been under pressure, our actual experience has been more favorable than what we had assumed in our models, resulting in a positive adjustment in our fixed annuity and group retirement businesses this quarter. This was partially offset by adjustments in our individual life business due to higher than previously assumed mortality, although still within our pricing assumptions, as well as a loss recognition charge for discontinued long-term care business. Slide 14 illustrates the diversified contribution to earnings from our Life and Retirement businesses. Excluding the adjustments made in both the third quarter of 2013 and 2014 for updated assumptions, retirement income solutions earnings increased 23%, driven by higher fee and spread income. Also excluding the adjustments, fixed annuity earnings increased 25% benefiting from a reduction in our cost of funds and higher alternative investment income. Sales of fixed annuities will remain challenged in the low interest rate environment as we continue to maintain our new business pricing discipline.. Also excluding the adjustments for assumptions, life and AMH earnings were also dampened by increase expenses related to initiatives to enhance distribution and improve operational efficiencies. Institutional pre-tax operating income increased 31%, excluding the adjustments to assumptions and benefited from higher fee income and higher alternative investment returns. Group retirement continues to produce strong earnings based on higher fee income generated on increased assets under management, which were up 5% from a year ago. However we did experience a large group surrender as a result of normal competitive pressures in this business. Overall, we remain comfortable with our risk appetite across our retail and institutional business. We have maintained our disciplined approach to pricing and product design, which enables us to generate attractive returns on new business. Slide 15 illustrates the performance of our spread businesses. The decline in base yields across product areas reflects the reinvestment of cash flows at rates that are lower than the overall portfolio rate. We remain focused on actions to control the cost of funds, including disciplined pricing of new business and active management of crediting rates on in-force business. We are also benefiting from outflows of older policies which carry higher crediting rates than current rates offered. These efforts have paid off. In both fixed annuities and group retirement, we have consistently reduced our cost of funds over the last 12 months. Slide 16 shows our Life and Retirement investment portfolio composition, which remained stable and continues to be highly rated and managed with discipline. Total net investment income fluctuates from period-to-period as can be seen in the alternatives line an other enhancements, reflecting the mark-to-market nature of certain investments. The increase in net investment income from a year-ago quarter is primarily the result of higher returns on alternative investments. Performance of this asset class in the third quarter slightly exceeded our expectations of 10% annualized return. To close, it was another strong quarter for our consumer businesses and we remain focused on executing our strategy, maintaining a prudent risk profile and capitalizing on growth opportunities going forward. Now I'd like to turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A.
Liz Werner: Thank you, Kevin. Operator, can we open up the lines of questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: First question on the buyback, it looks like you added another $1.5 billion to the regional authorization back in August 13, 2013. So just wonder is there any difference between addition to the existing authorization versus a new one. Just wonder why you are taking these piecemeal approach like adding $1 billion to $2 billion each time, and you're quickly running out and have to add to it.
Peter Hancock: I think that we feel that each quarter is a good cadence to reevaluate the capital adequacy of the company, the progress that we're making. And so we feel that $1.5 billion is a sizeable commitment that we want to make sure that we deliver on. So I think if we change our view on the frequency with which we should that, then we'll certainly signal that to the Street.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Then switch gear to the underwriting improvements, quite big improvements year-over-year, the core underwriting P&C margin. But if you look underneath, actually the US commercial line as well as international consumer line, the underlying combined ratio have been pretty stable year-over-year. Given the pricing outlook in the US as well as the ongoing restructuring like programs in Japan, do you expect like at least in the near term that we will continue to see some improvements in these two segments?
Peter Hancock: I think that you picked up the right trends. We continue to see good steady improvement in the loss ratio in the commercial sector in particular. I think that the pace of that improvement may abate some headwinds, especially in the US, but I think that the successful diversification to international markets offsets some of that headway. In the consumer space, we've, as Kevin mentioned, made some significant progress to lower action year loss ratios. But the challenge there is investment in infrastructure and in particular the integration of the Fuji Fire and Marine and AIU entities in Japan, which will be ongoing for several quarters to come. So I think that while we feel confident in our long-term goal of combined ratios south of 95, the timing on that is not something that we are guidance on, because we want to maintain flexibility as we execute on these major initiatives.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take a question from Josh Stirling from Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Congratulations on the quarter and we were very glad to see the progress you're making on the accident year and obviously love the buybacks. I was hoping though to dig in a bit, maybe with John or Charlie, to talk about your reserves. For context, I mean obviously we are all happy that you're releasing reserves in more recent years, but the charge you took for the older years really held back your headline combined ratio this quarter. And after releasing reserves last quarter, I was personally surprised. And so you mentioned in the Q, I think, a few things, the New York Labor Law charge and New York labor Law claims, large construction defects, some changes to how you reserve for mass tort for legacy years as well as some more recent commercial auto. And I'm wondering if you can help us unpack this a bit. We'd love to understand how material each of these are, what's driving each and sort of fundamentally, should we look at these as idiosyncratic challenges where you're sort of seeing case reserve development from maybe some of the larger claims. Or is this a sign of weaker IBNR that you guys are still addressing? And more broadly on this point, is this a result of new facts or is this a function of new processes for the actuaries? I guess the question is when should we expect your actuarial processes to be stable, since you're not necessarily having changes except for when you see deterioration or improvements in the underlying business?
John Doyle: Just quickly on a favorable side, we did see some favorable development in financial lines also in Canada in more recent years in Canada and had favorable development in cats as well on the quarter. Some of the older issues, more legacy issues that you refer to construction defect, New York Labor Law. On the CD side, we saw emergence in some new states that were consistent with the review we had done in the prior year in the third quarter. And then commercial auto is more recent with the uptick in the economy, I think consistent with what some others have reported. We saw both an increase in frequency and severity in the 2010 and 2013 accident years. We have updated our risk selection models and pricing models in commercial auto to reflect the changes and have gotten some price of late. Maybe I'll ask Charlie to talk a little bit about some of the older development in particular.
Charlie Shamieh: Josh, I'd only add to what John said that of course in the CD space, over 50% of reported claims come in, in development use 7 to 10. And so that's why you're seeing most of it in the earlier accident years. In the excess casualty line, to give you a sense of the mass tort claims are very slow to develop. We see about 40% to 50% developing after 10 years. But the most substantive favorable thing that we can point to is that we're in a material reduction in policy limits on an occurrence basis, which is really the risk that we would be most concerned about in reserving. And that for example exceeded $50 million in the years '97 to '01 and has since been reduced to the low-$30 million since 2011. And that's something that's very substantive that we can point to, which gives us a lot more confidence in the stability of the excess casualty reserve.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: I guess if I just ask one other question, maybe more for Peter or David, Peter in particular. I loved your characterization of the goals of the firm to deliver exceptional returns. And as you know, we think that's possible. But to do that, AIG clearly needs to finally put its legacy reserves issues to bed. And if you look at peers typically, folks intentionally book conservative reserves and then consistently release reserves over time to be able to manage these issues and sort of keep investors from overly focusing on historic challenges and making sure that you have a certain amount of conservatism in the business fronts for surprises. And I guess the big question for you and then I'll let you guys go; do you agree that ought to be your goal? And if you believe that and you would like to look like your peers, where are we in the financial and actuarial process of getting the reserves strength up and getting the balance sheet to be in a position where you're sufficiently paid up for all of legacy issues and you can finally put the legacy of under-reserving behind you?
Peter Hancock: Well, I respect our peers' practices, but we view our own practices as very much committed to a true note of giving our best estimates of reserves with the information that we have at hand. We don't try and squirrel away reserves for a rainy day. So what you see is what you get. They may lead to a little bit more quarterly EPS volatility than everybody would like from the outside, but we think the long-term sustainability of our strategy is what's most important. And that comes from facing the truth on a timely basis, good news and bad news. And I think that that's a philosophical that I'd like to underpin the way we match our business throughout. We want to create sustainable long-term growth and that requires us to face the truth on a timely basis, good news or bad.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Two questions. The first is on the DIB, you had said that you were able to extract some capital out of the DIB. I think it was about $1 billion. I'm going to double check that. But more importantly, going forward, should we expect to see, given the actions you are taking, continued extraction of capital from the DIB?
David Herzog: You're correct. We released about $1 billion in the quarter. And as I said in my remarks, we do expect to release DIB capital. It may be in the form of cash. It may be in the form of securities or other assets over time, which the key is to release the net assets from the DIB, get them to the parent for monetization. We would expect that over the period of time between now and 2018, roughly 80% to 90% of the NAV to be released. That's largely in line with the run-off of the liabilities, the debt that's there. We have assets and liquidity and short-term investments to cover those maturities at par even under stress. So that's sort of the glide path. That is more heavily weighted towards 2018, which is reflective of the concentration of maturities in that year. So that's consistent with what we have seen from the past. So hopefully that's helpful.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: If you continue to take the actions you are taking, though, I assume it would be a little quicker than what you've just laid out.
David Herzog: It may be, but I'm giving what is our best estimate at the time. But again, we continue to be very opportunistic in looking at the wind-down activities and run-off activities of the DIB.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: The second question, on the consumer business, the expense ratio as advertised is elevated this year. When do you expect to see that expense ratio level off and then begin to come down, if you can give us a bit of a forecast for that?
David Herzog: As Peter mentions, an important part of the elevation in expenses is due to the integration of Fuji Fire and Marine in Japan. And we explained at our Tokyo Investor Day, a merger process in Japan is quite a bit different than other places around the world, where a great deal of activity has to go into preparing for the actual legal merger including allocating a single set of products across the companies for day one, having all of the systems investments in [ph] UAT is done, et cetera. And so I think that we really need to look at this as a continuation of the successful acquisition and introduction of Fuji Fire and Marine. And as we've previously indicated, we are anticipating a little bit less than half of the $250 million than we had previously announced. This year with the remaining going forward and as Peter pointed out, we need to look at the long-term opportunities for the efficiencies in this business. At the same time, also driving up some of the expenses are accruals for profit shares on the warranty business in US, which has a dramatically improved profile after the program restructuring that we undertook last year.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: So it elevated a little bit because of that this quarter?
David Herzog: The different from year-over-year last year versus this year is because of the profit share accruals, but primarily the Japan integration is really the largest number driving the expenses. We would expect to see a continued elevated expense as we integrate the businesses in Japan due to the unique process that exists in Japan.
Operator: We'll go to Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse next.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: First question is related to a comment in your Q, which says AIG property-casualty will seek approval from authorities to update the discount rate to reflect the then current level of interest rates. I just wanted to get some clarification on that. I know last year in 4Q, you took an interest rate related charge related to workers' comp, but it was offset by some other adjustments. But should we take that comment to expect that you're going to take another low-interest rate related charge related to workers' comp in 4Q?
Charlie Shamieh: I would just say that last year on excess workers' comp and primary workers' comp business where we committed to use a (inaudible). We disclosed that we changed the basis to basically follow a use of the forward treasury curve with a liquidity premium. And if you just compare the rights as of year-end '13 with the rights as of September 30th, that reduction alone would get you to a number that may be is $250 million to $350 million lower if rights stay at their levels by the end of the year. So we're just really disclosing the mechanical application of that basis for discounting.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: So, Charlie, if rates are at year end where they are now, it would be a $250 million to $350 million charge that you would take related to that where rates are relative to the original forward curve assumption?
Charlie Shamieh: That's correct. That's purely the effect of the drop in treasuries.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: The other question I had was related to the expense ratio on the commercial side, both in North American and international, was lower this quarter. That actually looked pretty good and it was in contrast to the consumer business. Is that a trendable number? I know there was some reference in the Q to bad debt expense improving. So I didn't know if there was any noise there. Or is that a trendable expense rate on the commercial side?
David Herzog: I think the noise, Tom, was from last year. We have taken some steps, as Peter indicated, in his opening comments to operate a bit more efficiently and gone through a program of work during the course of this year to reflect some of the organizational changes that we're anticipating. And so we do have fewer folks on the team than we did at the beginning of the year and we're focused and better aligned with the opportunities we have around the world. I don't expect meaningful expense improvement in commercial next year, but we have made some efforts to improve the results this year.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Kevin, just in terms of the spreads in the Life and Retirement business, those have held up pretty well. Can you comment on the level of flexibility that you have on the crediting rate side? Obviously core yields will go down if rates remain where they are today. So just can you give us some color as to spread visibility just given flexibility you have on the crediting rate side?
Kevin Hogan: In the fixed portfolios, I think we still have flexibility on about 28% of the reserves and we remain disciplined in that respect, Tom.
Operator: Our next question today is from Mike Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Just a couple questions. Peter, you mentioned the authorization and the quarterly frequency of revisiting it. Should we take that to mean this is kind of a perceived run rate for sort of quarterly authorizations?
Peter Hancock: I think that there are some exceptional items that were driven by our internal capital optimization, in particular the over-capitalization of the Life and Retirement subsidiaries. So there is some rather elevated dividends up from those entities to the holding company. But on the other hand, there are other items that free up capital as well in future quarters. So I don't think we've stabilized to the point where the capital actions in any given quarter are a good predictor of the next quarter. We want to maintain flexibility ending approval of upstreaming dividends and frankly the market environment. So in contrast to dividend policy, I think we want to maintain flexibility on our capital management and maintain an excellent upward trend in credit perception with all of the stakeholders, regulators as well as rating agencies. And as we think about the opportunities for capital, to have a hierarchy of priorities, first fueling organic growth and we see some excellent opportunities for organic growth in our core businesses; second, inorganic, and we made a modest acquisition this summer, which added capabilities to our international life business; and finally, obviously returning it to shareholders in the form of buyback. But I think that as we evaluate those choices, we're weighing up the accretive nature of all three before we decide how much to do in any given quarter.
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Should we be looking at the authorizations as a quarterly true up for what you expect over the next few months?
John Doyle: I think that for the most part, we like to deliver on what we promise. And I think barring unusual circumstances during that quarter, we want to maintain a cadence that we do what we say and we say what we do. I think a lot of the companies make larger buyback authorizations and then take a long time to execute them. And I think we'd rather be more immediate responser.
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: And then just on international commercial, it looked like that was an area that performed pretty well in the quarter, certainly on the expense side as well as the loss side. Anything unusual there this quarter or is that sort of an average quarter, a quarter without incident that we should think about?
John Doyle: I think, Mike, it's mostly around short-tail loss improvement in the quarter. The prior year, we had a pretty sizeable severe loss in Asia last year in the third quarter and that didn't recur. It's not necessarily a straight line, but we see good momentum on our international commercial business. We saw a pretty good growth in Asia in the third quarter, pretty good growth across most of Europe and the Middle East. So we're pleased with the progress there.
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: And last one just on, David, the subsidiary dividends. You mentioned the tax sharing payments. Any update on what to expect for sub-dividends in '15?
David Herzog: We have not yet updated that guidance or that outlook, so to speak. But again, they remain strong and I think the important aspect here of what I commented on with respect to the Life and Retirement and migrating the RBC from its prior year at 568 to a normalized operating range around 470. And so some of that excess capital may come out in the near term, which could influence the run rate for next year. But the key is to get it up to the holding company where it is the most fungible and flexible. So we will be updating that in the course of discussions in the year as part of our fourth quarter.
Peter Hancock: And I would just add on the comment that John made on international commercial that we're seeing the benefits of the leadership that John has exercised over the last three years to take a holistic approach globally to risk appetite and using our best expertise in a collaborative manner across borders. Our international operations had historically had much different risk appetite than our US domestic. And so I think our customers are really seeing One AIG around the world and rewarding us, I think, with a better mix of business internationally as a result. So we're really punching out our weight in all countries as opposed to just in the US.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: If I look at the operating results for the quarter, you had a 34% tax rate in 3Q. When I look at your competitors, a lot of them have tried just certain arrangements to bring down their tax rates as much as possible, but there is not a lot of incentive at this point for AIG to do so. With tax laws changing worldwide, if we fast forward five years into the future when the DTA is less valuable to you than it is today, will AIG be at a disadvantage to its competitors in terms of their tax rates versus yours?
David Herzog: I think we'll evaluate our tax planning strategies over the course of the next several years. At this point, we've been very mindful of the expiry dates on the various deferred tax assets that we have the NOLs, the foreign tax credits. I think you've seen us be very proactive and effective at realizing the benefits of our capital loss carryforwards. So I think from that, you could infer that we will be prudent in trying to optimize the total cost of operations. And so I don't want to comment any further than that. So we're mindful of it and we understand the value of the DTAs, and we'll manage the tax rate appropriately.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: And following up on Josh Stirling's questions on reserves, is this a business as usual quarter for the actuaries, and is that $0.5 billion in reserve subsidization for reserves more than 10 years old? Is that a risk that AIG shareholders should be willing to bear on an every few quarters basis? Or should we think of this is an exceptional quarter? And are the actuaries compensated to get the numbers right?
Peter Hancock: As I said earlier, I think we compensate and incentivize our actuaries to do the very best they can to come up with their best estimate. We are investing heavily in giving them better and better tools to do so. And I'm pleased with the progress they've made in what is a very challenging job to estimate long-tail businesses that we inherit from fairly old accident years. And so over time, I think that we will see the noise narrow as long as the tort environment and macroeconomic factors that also drive trends and updated estimates, they're relatively stable. But we are committed to updating on a timely basis and using our best judgment to come up with best estimate and delivering that news to you as it happens. So we're in this together.
Liz Werner: Operator, could we end the call now since we've reached the top of the hour. And I'd like to reach out to everybody still in the queue and invite you to follow up with us after this call, so we can get back to you on all your questions. And thank you, everyone, for dialing in this morning.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference today. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-05 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Werner - Head, Investor Relations Bob Benmosche - Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock - President and CEO David Herzog - Chief Financial Officer Jay Wintrob - EVP, Domestic Life and Retirement Services Charles Shamieh - Senior Vice President, Corporate Chief Actuary Brian Schreiber - Executive Vice President, Deputy Chief Investment Officer Kevin Hogan - Executive Vice President, Consumer Insurance
Analysts: Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Jay Gelb - Barclays
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day. And welcome to AIGs Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Werner: Thank you, Katie. Before we get started this morning, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first and second quarters Form 10-Q and our 2013 Form 10-K, under Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and also under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on our website, www.aig.com. At this time, Id like to turn it over to our CEO, Bob Benmosche and we will have the opportunity to hear from each on of our businesses and follow-up with the Q&A. Thank you.
Bob Benmosche: Thanks, Liz, and I appreciate being with all of you. This will be my last call and its been a five-year period of a lot of excitement and this quarter reflects a lot of hard work on behalf of all of the people of AIG. As I know you, who all know, we started off with a daunting task of stabilizing this company, then paying back America and we have done that with a profit. And since the re-IPO of the company in 2011, where we share with all of you, we have to rebuild the foundation of this company and do it the right way, and build a great company and expected our stock will follow and not lead whats happening with AIG. And so you can see the solid performance in this quarter. We have talked about making sure we execute our capital plan and it starts off with selling non-core assets, which we have achieved with ILFC, an outstanding sale with -- to AerCap. We have also been able to repurchase and continue repurchase our shares, but we said to you also that in addition to dividends and share buybacks, its very critical that we focus our coverage ratio. So youve seen us take advantage of the debt markets and reduce our debt with high coupons and in some cases reissued debt, giving us a net benefited because of the lower cost of adding on that new debt, because we dont have a leverage ratio problem, its a coverage ratio problem that we are working to fix with the rating agencies to make sure that we maintain and quite frankly, I expect to improve our credit ratings. You see strong results across all of our businesses, Property Casualty has been working really hard to get it right in terms of its risks selection and making sure that we get volume -- value over volume and that takes a long time. The written business, we dont see the results until its earned and we see what the loss rations are, but you can see that improving along with higher degree of confidence in the reserve, which weve been saying for several years now that you will see very small movements plus and minus in the reserve as we go forward. Our UGC was a business that we were going to sell for practically nothing. You could see strong earnings come out of that business. But what's important is, rising tides all boats rise, the fact is UGC was way out in front of that and has a risk selection model that is quite different than the industry and being part of AIG gives us a lot of flexibility especially as you look the ability to manage their capital needs as it goes forward. And Life and Retirement continues its excellent run as we are becoming a strong, stronger competitor in that space. But as you know, success is very critical to company and make sure that the company gets it right. We spent a lot of time thinking about the lead candidates here within ARG. The good news is, we did have a strong bench and Im pleased that Peter has taken over as CEO of this company. He comes with a bulk of experience both on the street and the fixed income markets in particular, which is where most of our net interest income comes from and he has been the last three years really getting into the nuts and bolts of the Property Casualty business from the risk respect -- a risk selection perspective using Big Data in a way that helps us analyze to make sure that we are putting on the right risk because of the long tail nature of those risks. So he has done an outstanding job and I know that he will do an outstanding job in the future. So what Id like to do now is officially pass the baton to Peter, who will pick up the rest of this call and take you through that and again it's been an honor to serve as part of AIG and all the people of AIG and to be proud -- I am very proud to be part of that team with all of them. Thank you very much. Peter, turn it over to you.
Peter Hancock: Bob, thank you. And Id like to thank Bob for the remarkable leadership he has shown over the last five year and I have experienced four and half of those years and it's truly the most extraordinary four and half years of my professional career. So I think that the employees, shareholder and the U.S. taxpayer owe Bob Benmosche enormous thanks for the contribution he has made. And his leadership is awesome to follow up, but I shall do my very best to continue the legacy of leadership with this company. So I am really honored to have been selected by the Board of Directors to lead the company going forward. There is three points I would make. One, that there will be no abrupt change in strategy. This is clearly a vote for continuity. We are on the right track. We are in execution mode. Second, I remain very committed to focusing on value of us is simply bulking up the volume of the company. And third, I will not be replacing myself with a Head of Property Casualty sector. So beyond that, there will be, obviously, some changes overtime and I will commit myself to remaining very transparent with our shareholders as we fine tune and refine our strategy going forward. But I think that this is ultimately a choice for continuing to execute the strategy that we have a great deal and alignment around in the company. So, over to you, David, to go over the quarter.
David Herzog: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. First, Id like to extend my thanks to Bob for his leadership, his courage and direction. It has been an honor for me, as well as what -- as well as colleagues to serve with you Bob. So many, many thanks. Now this morning, I will go over our financial results including the impact of capital management and our solid operating earnings performance. I will also highlight our outlook for continued sources of capital management going forward. Turning to slide four, you can see after-tax operating income for the quarter was $1.8 billion or $1.25 per diluted share. Our operating return on equity was 7.7% since our earnings are tax affected and we're not paying tax that U.S. government giving -- given our NOLs. Our operating ROE if you were to exclude the DTA from average equity was about 160 basis points higher or about 9.3%. Reported net income was $3.1 billion, including a $1.4 billion non-operating after-tax gain on the sale of ILFC and little over $325 million after-tax litigation provision for legacy matters and we also had some other non-operating items. Second quarter book value per share excluding AOCI benefited from the net impact of all of these items and was $67.65 or an increase of 10% from a year ago. Our growth in operating income, which is shown on slide five, reflects improved insurance operating earnings for each of our core businesses. Collectively, the DIB and global capital markets or GCM delivered another solid quarter with over $500 million of operating earnings, reflecting the mark-to-market appreciation in the DIB and the unwinding of certain derivative positions in global capital markets. We continue to proactively and opportunistically reduce the DIBs footprint. In the second quarter, we executed on the make whole call for the March 2015 maturities of $750 million and subsequent to the quarter end, we redeemed the total of $2 billion worth of DIB debt comprised of nearly $800 million of 2016 notes and $1.25 billion of 2017 notes. We used cash at the DIB and GCM that was set aside for that purpose. At the end of the second quarter we had about $8.1 billion of net asset value between the DIB and global capital markets. We expected the actions that we will take will result in the release of that capital to parent overtime as the maturities of liabilities and the underlying assets and derivative positions are monetized and settled. Also in July, global capital markets took a significant step in unwinding its remaining super senior credit default swap portfolio by terminating swaps within the notional of about $9 billion. Thereby reducing the notional amount of that portfolio from about $15 billion to around $6 billion, pursuant to the closing of the sale of ILFC to AerCap, we now report our 46% equity interest in AerCap earnings. The $53 million reflects an estimate of the partial quarter of ownership, as well as ongoing basis differences between our pick up and the reported AerCap results. We will have differences from time to time in our estimates and the actual results because of timing. Such differences will be trued-up in subsequent quarters. Corporate expenses were just over $280 million in the quarter, above our expectation of $225 million to $250 million quarterly run rate for 2014. As we recorded an increase of about $50 million related to short-term incentive compensation for the entire firm. We would not expect this to recur in the next quarter. Our reported operating effective tax rate for the quarter was roughly 33%, slightly above our previous outlook of 31% to 32% operating tax rate for 2014. The growth in the earnings from foreign jurisdictions where earnings are not permanently reinvested and the treatment of the AerCap earnings pick up contributed to the higher tax rate. Our expectation is for an all-in operating tax rate of somewhere between 33% and 34% for the remainder of the year. Our strong capital position as of the end of the quarter is shown on slide six. In May, we received $2.4 billion in net cash proceeds upon closing of the ILFC sale and following the updating of our internal stress testing process, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $2 billion of common stock. During the quarter, we deployed $1.1 billion towards the repurchase of approximately $18.1 million shares of common stock and we currently have about $1.5 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Following the end of the quarter, an additional $1.7 million shares were delivered to us with the full completion of the ASR, which was initiated in June. We also distribute $179 million of dividends to our shareholders in June. With respect to debt capital management we have actively manage our cost of debt and our debt maturities. Following the quarter end we purchased in tender offers about $205 billion worth of high coupon, hybrid debt and senior debt securities at the parent company. In unrelated transactions we also issued $2.5 billion of debt comprised of a $1 billion of 2.3% five-year notes and $1.5 billion of 4.5% 30-year notes. We continue to be opportunistic in our debt capital management and expected an improving earnings profile, particularly from our core insurance businesses will positively impact our coverage ratios going forward. From this strong capital position, you can see on slide seven, we received cash dividends and loan repayments from our insurance subsidiaries of $1.6 billion during the quarter. That was made up of about $700 million from Property Casualty and almost $900 million from Life and Retirement. This brings year-to-date cash distributions to $3.2 billion. We continue to expect $5 billion to $6 billion in cash distributions from our insurance subsidiaries this year. In addition to these distributions we received tax sharing payments, primarily from insurance businesses of about $500 million in the second quarter or almost $800 million year-to-date. Tax sharing payments are expected to amount to about a $1 billion in 2014 and roughly $2 billion in 15. Our current expectation is that our tax attribute DTA would be fully utilized by 2020 or 2021. Overtime, we will look to our monetization of our deferred tax assets, a portion of our after-tax operating earnings, as well as monetization of non-core assets for capital management purposes. At year end, the DTA was approximately $17 billion, our DIB GCM net asset value is a little over $8 million and our 46% equity stake in AerCap shares had a carrying value of about $4.6 billion as of June 30. Looking ahead to the third quarter we will recognize a non-operating gain related to the previously announced $650 million settlement with Bank of America. We also expect that this settlement will provide an additional benefit by allowing us to utilize substantially all of our capital loss carry forwards. We do not expect this settlement or other litigation-related items to meaningfully impact our expectations for ongoing capital management activity. With that, Id like to turn the call back over to Peter.
Peter Hancock: Thank you, David. Property Casualtys second quarter results continued to demonstrate our focus on underwriting discipline in risk selection. While we've said that no one quarter marks a trend, we are pleased to report the Property Casualty reported second quarter operating income of $1.4 billion, our second highest quarter of pretax operating income in over three years. Our focus remains on balancing growth, risk and profitability right across AIG. Turning to slide eight, AIG Property Casualty net premiums written increased slightly from a year ago, excluding the effects of foreign exchange, as growth in our Consumer lines was offset by lower production in commercial. Property Casualtys accident year loss ratio as adjusted was 62.7, an improvement of 0.5% sequentially or 8.5% higher than year ago. We continued to expect the accident year loss ratio to decline for the remainder of the year but at the slower pace than we have seen in the last couple of years. This quarter included positive net prior year development of $14 million. Our practice of quarterly reserve reviews continues to give us confidence in our current reserve levels. Our expanse ratio declined 0.4 points from a year ago, as lower acquisition costs were offset by an increase in general operating expenses. The general operating expense increase reflects our Japan integration costs, some of which have been deferred from the first quarter into the second quarter. Our expectation is a little less than half of the $250 million of expected integration costs will be incurred this year with the balance to be incurred in 2015. Through the first six months of the year, we have completed about half of the actions associated with the fourth quarter 2013 severance charge of $265 million. We expect annualized savings to exceed the amount of the severance charge and to emerge later in 2015. We continue to expect expenses to remain relatively flat this year compared to last year and to a decline in the second half of 2015. Turning to slide nine, commercial insurance net premiums written declined slightly from the same period in the prior year, primarily from our decision to walk away from certain risks. We saw growth in our global financial lines business, as well as in specialty lines. However, we continued to see a competitive market in certain casualty lines and in U.S. property cat as a result of overcapacity in the market. Commercial insurance rates overall were unchanged in the quarter and up 1% in the U.S. from a year ago. While overall rate trends are a metric that we and other disclosed, we believe it is the granularity and agility of our pricing strategy that has the greatest impact on our margins. The broad product cycle of the past have evolve to a much greater pricing dispersion across industries, geographies, exposure land and individual accounts. Our focus on pricing each risk appropriately leads to our confidence in accident year loss ratio trends and continued risk adjusted profit growth. The accident year loss ratio as adjusted in commercial increased to 66.4% from 62.2% in the quarter a year ago as a result of higher severe losses. We indicated last quarter that severe losses could be volatile and that was the case again this quarter. We view some volatility in severe losses as consistent with our diversified Global Property portfolio. Most importantly, our Global Property business continues to deliver positive risk adjusted profitability. Turning to slide 10, net premiums written for Consumer insurance increased 4%, excluding the effects of foreign exchange. This growth was driven by sales of Life and Health products in Japan, as well as growth in our Personal Property business in Japan and the United States. In Consumer, we continue to focus on improved underwriting quality and targeted growth in key markets where we can achieve meaningful scale. The Consumer accident year loss ratio as adjusted improved 4.5 points from a year ago to 55.7, reflecting rate increases and approved long experience in Japan auto and rate actions and coverage changes in the U.S. warranty business. The Japan auto accident year loss ratio as adjusted did benefit from seasonality therefore we expect to see this ratio rise somewhat in the third quarter. For the full year we expect consumer to show improvement in its accident year loss ratio as adjusted compared to last year. Slide 11 provides our investment returns and portfolio composition. Our asset allocation strategy is intended to optimize portfolio diversification to maintain stable portfolio risk while enhancing yields. Our alternative investment returns to the quarter slightly outperformed our 8% return expectation but were down compared to the strong year ago quarter. With respect to capital management, we remitted $701 million in cash dividend to the holding company during the quarter. We also made tax sharing payments of $276 million in the quarter and are on track to meet our expectations for contributing additional capital to the back. Turning to slide 12, mortgage guarantys operating performance continues to improve with operating income for the quarter of $210 million. Operating income for the quarter benefited from $89 million of favorable prior-year reserve development. The delinquency ratio of 4.8% for the quarter continued to fall as the volume of new delinquencies declined and cure rates improved. Our current delinquency count is the lowest it has been since late 2007. Mortgage guaranty continues to benefit from it broad customer base, leading market position and improving housing market as the highest rated U.S. mortgage insurer, United Guaranty is well positioned to compete as the industry evolves. In closing, AIG Property Casualty continues to advance on its strategic initiatives, work collaboratively across AIG businesses and further build value for all our stakeholders. Now I would like to turn the call over to Jay to discuss Life and Retirement results.
Jay Wintrob: Thank you, Peter and good morning to everyone. Beginning on slide 13, the second quarter of 2014 was another strong quarter for AIG Life and Retirement. We extended our record of consistent performance, generating nearly $1.2 billion of operating earnings and delivering both topline and bottomline growth. Our operating earning income benefited from strong growth in fee income as separate account balances increased for the seventh consecutive quarter. Net flows were over $6.3 billion during the last 12 months, further increasing the scale and reflecting the product and distribution diversification of our businesses. Life and Retirement generated nearly $2.6 billion in net investment income in the quarter with the slight decline from the prior year period, primarily attributable to lower returns on alternative investments. We maintain the cost of funds at historic lows in our fixed annuity and group retirement businesses, through disciplined pricing of new business and renewal crediting rates and runoff of older business crediting relatively high interest rates. These trends helped to partially offset the pressure on base investment yields in the current low rate environment. In addition to strong earnings, Life and Retirement delivered $886 million of cash dividends and loan repayments, as well as $642 million of non-cash dividends to AIG Parent in the second quarter. The Life and Retirement businesses have distributed nearly $6 billion of cash and non-cash dividends to AIG Parent over the past 12 months. The segment ended the quarter with shareholders equity ex AOCI of $34.5 billion, $1.3 billion higher than a year ago. Sales was strong during the quarter, reaching nearly $7.4 billion in premiums and deposits, an increase of 9% over the year-ago period. Growth was driven by retail segment, which delivered a 15% increase in premiums and deposits from the year-ago period. Retirement Income Solutions, which includes our individual variable annuities and fixed index annuities achieved another record quarter of sales generating nearly $2.6 billion of premiums and deposits. The increase in the quarter was principally driven by index annuity sales which were $305 million in the quarter, up from $55 million in the prior-year period. Variable annuity sales were up 4% or $90 million in the quarter over the same time period last year. Both lines benefited from product enhancements, expanded distribution and continued strong demand for guaranteed lifetime income benefits. Fixed annuity sales reached nearly $1.1 billion in the quarter, tripling from the year-ago period. Sales remain steady despite the low interest rate environment as fixed annuities continue to be very competitive relative to bank CDs and money market alternatives. We continue to serve our distribution partners and enhance our franchise through successful new product introductions that offer consumers the retirement security and protection they are seeking and need. New design product features with income options that consumers value also ensuring that we achieve our target IRRs and maintain an attractive risk profile. All these factors have led to strong sales momentum. It should be noted that rising interest rates and strong equity market conditions in the second half of 2013 resulted in record sales levels and growth rates in the second half of 2013. Without similar market conditions in the second half of this year, we would expect lower sales growth rates in key product lines versus the prior year. Assets under management in Life and Retirement increased by more than $39 billion, or 13% over the last 12 months to reach $333 billion. Growth in AUM was driven by an increase of nearly $14 billion in separate account assets attributable to strong sales and account balance appreciation. General account assets increased by nearly $6.5 billion as a result of unrealized gains on the fixed income portfolio and positive net flows into the general account. Our stable value wrap business grew significantly over the last 12 months, increasing by over $12 billion in AUM. We plan to continue to develop this business although at a slower pace of growth. The diversified mix of our assets under management reflects the balance of our business and were pleased with the growth we're achieving across our product suite. Slide 14 provides our line of business comparisons. Both retail and institutional pretax operating income increased from the year-ago period. Growth in the underlying business was somewhat muted by the strong net investment income results we experienced a year ago, specifically attributable to outsized returns in alternative investments and a strong performance in certain commercial mortgage loans and structured securities. The retail segment benefited from strong sales and net flows in variable annuities. Together with favorable equity markets, this resulted in higher variable annuity account values and fee income growth. Disciplined pricing, crediting rate management and the runoff of older business with relatively high crediting rates helped to offset some of the impact of declining base investment yields on spreads in the fixed annuities business and the fixed account component of the group retirement business. The institutional segment benefited from higher fee income in group retirement which was largely driven by growth in assets under management from equity market appreciation. Surrender rates in both our retail and institutional businesses declined year-over-year as the persistency of our business improved in the quarter. Consumer demand from Retirement Income Solutions remains very strong. As mentioned in previous quarters, over the past four years we've redesigned our products to reduce risk to AIG. 75% of our $27.6 billion variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits include strong derisking features, such as the VIX indexing of our lighter fees and volatility control funds. In addition, we require minimum allocations to the fixed account which also reduces risk. Nearly half of our index annuity sales in the second quarter included guaranteed lifetime income writers. In designing these features, we applied the same product development and risk management expertise we built into our variable annuity business. Slide 15 shows our trends in yields and spreads. The base yield in the quarter was 5.17%, down from 5.35% in the prior-year quarter and 5.32% in the first quarter. This decline in part reflects a difficult comparison to prior quarters due to the strong performance in commercial mortgage loans and structured securities in the comparative prior periods. Additionally, new money reinvestment rates remain lower than the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio as a result of the sustained historically low interest rate environment. Should rates remain at current levels, we would expect a two to three basis points quarterly decline in the base yield. We continue to actively manage crediting rates on our in-force block and remain disciplined in our new business pricing as demonstrated by the declining cost of funds for both our fixed annuities and group retirement businesses year-over-year. Further at the end of the second quarter, 71% of our fixed annuity in universal life account values were at minimum guaranteed crediting rates. This is down from 73% at year end, thus providing us with further opportunity to reduce our cost of funds in the future, should the low interest rate environment persist. Slide 16 shows our investment portfolio composition, which remains stable and continues to be highly rated. Total net investment income does fluctuate from period to period, as can be seen in the alternatives line and other enhancements which reflect the mark-to-market nature of certain investments. The decline in net investment income from a year ago is primarily a result again of alternative investment returns coming in close to our expected 10% annualized return this quarter compared to the exceptionally strong returns experienced a year ago. So to sum it up, it was another strong quarter for earnings and distributions to AIG. We continue to execute on our strategic initiatives which include growing our distribution organization and increasing the productivity of our wholesalers, affiliated agents and financial advisors. Were also successfully leveraging our strong relationships with distribution partners to increase penetration of our broad retail product portfolio, build on our market-leading positions and offer competitive and profitable retirement income solutions. We continue to pursue growth opportunities in our institutional businesses where we can achieve the most attractive risk-adjusted returns while the continued low interest rate and tight credit spread environment leads us to maintain strong pricing discipline. And with that, I'll turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A. Liz?
Liz Werner: Thank you, Jay. Katie, could we open up the line to Q&A please?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Peter, first question, I had is, just a follow-up on your comment that you will expect the accident year loss ratio to decline at slower pace in the back half of 14. Does that change your overall P&C combined ratio goal that youve put out there or your 10% ROE goal overall or is that just push it out a bit? Thats my first question.
Peter Hancock: Tom, I think, simple answer, just push it out a bit. I think that were clearly experiencing some headwinds in the pricing of U.S. property cat which is an element of our commercial business. But there is softness in a couple of other sectors as well. So the pace at which we get to our ultimate profitability goals is a function of market conditions, but certainly our ambition is to get there and at this point to speculate on exact pace is to speculate on the market cycle. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are diversifying our book of business. So we are less subject to the cycle and focusing on sub-segmentation at a more and more granular levels so that we have greater confidence in these trends in a more sustained way.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just a related question, if you strip out the noise, it doesn't appear that accident year casualty results and commercial improved very much this quarter. First question, is that right? And secondly, what's going on behind that?
Peter Hancock: I think that the casualty area has gone through the greatest change. So an enormous re-underwriting of the book over the last four, five years, a quite considerable change in our claims practices and so the emergence of loss trends has a fair amount of noise in it. So our actuaries are being quite cautious in recognizing improvements and we are always on a look out for any emerging threats. So I think that we feel confident that the casualty businesses has moved from a significantly wrap negative line of business to now earning its sort of cost of capital. But we still see a room for improvement and growth in this sector, as we applied more refined underwriting tools and better claims practices. John, do you want to elaborate on that anything further?
John Doyle: I think thats right and Tom, there wasnt real improvement in the casualty loss ratio in the quarter, that's right, but the accident year loss ratio pressure was really in the quarter driven by a short-tail losses, not just severe but on the attritional side as well. Some of it in the U.S. weather-related losses, some of it in non-property, short-tail lines as well. But to Peters point, weve done a lot of hard work on the casualty side and we do expect a bit of improvement in the loss ratio performance and that business going-forward.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Got it. And then just one for David on capital management. The first $960 million legal settlement that occurred in July, was that accrued for in 2Q results or is there some loss forthcoming in 3Q related to that?
David Herzog: That had been previously accrued.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Got it. And then is it fair to assume that $2.5 billion refi of the higher coupon hybrid to debt, we should take that as a sign that you really don't need to reduce leverage on a go forward basis in terms of financial debt. I take that to mean that because that obviously improves your coverage ratio and if thats the case, can we then further assume that pretty much most if not all dividends and tax sharing payments would be available for share repurchase after you have paid interest in corporate expenses?
David Herzog: Well, first of all we dont give guidance Tom on specific composition of our capital management. It's opportunistic and its taking advantage of market conditions, our view of the environment and our balanced approach to both equity and debt. So I wouldn't -- be careful making any sort of broad-based assumptions about what we will or won't do with respect to the mix of debt capital management and equity capital management, they are both important. We obviously have remained committed to capital management and lowering the cost of our overall cost of capital and well do so. I think, you can look to as I said in my remarks, a portion of our after-tax operating earnings, DTA monetization and the monetization of non-core assets to fuel that capital management going forward. So we will continue to be active in both debt capital management and equity capital management for the foreseeable future. Thats a critical value driver for us and well continue to do that.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, got it. Thanks.
Operator: Well take our next question from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Thanks for taking my call. So first let me say, Peter, congratulations on your new role. And Bob, I think wed all like to say thank you on behalf of AIG's investors, really was very dark days and with your leadership and all of the firm's hard work, it has been really a dramatic recovery so we all wish you the best in your well-deserved retirement.
Peter Hancock: Thank you.
Bob Benmosche: Thank you.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: If I could, two questions. So Peter, the pricing environment has changed a lot in the past couple of quarters. Pricing is now flat and you are seeing pricing actually fall relatively notably in property lines. How can we get comfortable with this? You are saying that you are going to manage the value over volume. You said perhaps property is still at positive RAP and you are going to maintain against your pricing targets. But its little -- its hard to see from the outside what your pricing targets are, what RAP is by line of business, what RAP you are targeting for example and ultimately I would love if you could just sort of walk us through how you are thinking about your current rate adequacy by line of business, maybe on your RAP measure or on even simpler, what are the target combined ratios you guys are actually trying to get to? And where on the business you are writing today, do you think you still actually have rate need?
Peter Hancock: Well, I think first of all, lets put the pricing environment in perspective. The pricing environment three and a half years ago when I started the job, was massively inadequate in the United States, but reasonably adequate in Europe and the rest of the world. Theres been tremendous upward movement in pricing, steadily quarter-after-quarter, since that point. And so we've had a good improvement in the pricing environment across lines, all lines of business in the U.S. And the pace of that increase has slowed but has reversed itself narrowly in U.S. property cat and that's really where the greatest impact of alternative capital and the reinsurance soft market had an impact. We have been diversifying away from U.S. property cat for about five years and diversifying our property portfolio around the world. So weve diminished our exposure to that particular cyclical phenomenon. I think that the use of wrap today equips our underwriters and our account relationship managers with much better tools to make a well-balanced judgment over how to manage the portfolio of multi-line relationships with customers to take a balanced view of short and medium-term profitability across lines. And so while, we may not want to renew the same scale as previously, we certainly want to be relevant to our customers and offer capacity and maybe at a different attachment point where we feel were getting a better value for the risks that were taking. So I just think, were much better equipped to deal with the inevitable cyclicality in the pricing environment. And we have a tremendous diversity of business by geography inline, so that we can redeploy the capital to where it's best rewarded in a customer friendly way that maintains valuable relationships. But I dont know whether John you want to elaborate on that.
John Doyle: Yeah. I think, Josh, what I would add is that its not a market, right. There are many markets around the world and outside of the property cat market in the United States, the rate environment was quite stable. In the U.S. in fact, as you know, we have our biggest exposure, all of our other major lines of business, so our rate increases in the second quarter, so longer tail lines. We saw good discipline in the quarter, albeit not at the same rate of increases as we saw earlier in the year and last year. But we were disciplined in the quarter about the property cat business. In the U.S., we walked from more than $200 million worth of property cap business in the U.S. As Peter mentioned, from time to time, weve moved up on programs where we had important customer relationships or so of attractive opportunities at different parts or different layers in a program. But when Peter mentioned the diversification, we saw good middle market property growth. We saw a good growth in property outside the United States. Weve had a large limits initiative underway, highly engineered portfolio, growth initiative over the course of last several years, that all performed reasonably well in the quarter. So its again, its kind of not one market and its not just about price either. We have invested a lot in risk selection, managing our mix of business, important claim improvements and more granular pricing strategy. So obviously, price matters ultimately, but there are other techniques that are important leverage for us as well.
Peter Hancock: And I just would add that the one AIG that we talk about, when you think about our global footprint and how we are coming across to our multinational science, we bring the full AIG to each country. Were up until a couple years ago, each country was on its own. So part of what you seek here is the transformation of the company to a more global company, not because we are in many geographies because we operate as one AIG to our clients around the globe and thats helped us a little bit here as well.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: So, thank you. If I ask just -- I will just ask one follow-up on that. If pricing is being a bit more of a headwind, how would you walk us -- can you walk us through the other initiatives youd use to try to achieve the low 90s combined ratio? And is that still a realistic prospect given that the environmental tailwinds have fundamentally shifted? Thank you.
Peter Hancock: Well, I think, if the softness segments are so pervasive that the pricing adequate segments don't make up for the lost volume, clearly fixed cost become a very major focus, if were going to avoid negative operating leverage. So thats going to be an important thing to focus on. It's something that we started focusing on long before this change in the pricing environment because we always believed that managing down our fixed cost was essential to not feeling tempted to price the marginal deal to maintain volume. So I think that continued focus on sustainable expense improvement, use of shared services, use of automation, modernizing our infrastructure gives us a flexibility to back-off on volume when its not properly priced and then scale it up again when it is. So I think that managing the cycle is dependent on continuing to work on our core infrastructure.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Let me just ask you a quick technical question. Charlie and John, you guys -- just trying to parse what you have said about reserves and the fact that commercial accident year loss ratios especially with backing out severe losses have been basically stable for the past year. Should we be interpreting that you are -- that you are sort of basically holding your accident year loss ratio picks flat and that is the reason we are not seeing improvement and that you are just intending to let the favorable development in commercial sort of eventually power through and sort of demonstrate -- bring you guys to your low 90s combined?
John Doyle: Josh, I would say that its a mix of up and down in loss picks but as shorter tail losses move more towards normal levels. As I said, we have elevated levels of short-tail losses through the first six months and the second half last year, and we are comparing against a better-than-expected first half of last year, I would add, as we move to more normal levels, the longer tail loss fix are slightly ahead of where there were a year ago.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks. Good luck from here.
Peter Hancock: Charlie, Charlie
Bob Benmosche: Charlie, yeah.
Peter Hancock: Do you want to chime in on this?
Charlie Shamieh: I think, John said it well. I mean every quarter, we do look at our current accident year loss fix against loss cost trend and rate change, and as John said, there are adjustments in each direction and I consider where we have set them to be absolutely our best estimate at this stage.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks. Good luck from here.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Thank you. I guess this is one for David. You talked about the amount of capital that still resides at the DIB and the global capital markets business, but its beginning to run off quicker, when should we expect some of that capital to begin to get freed up?
David Herzog: Yeah. Thanks, Jay. And I will lead off and maybe Brian in the team back in New York can add on. We have said over the course of period of 2000, up until about 2018, about 80% or so of the liabilities will mature in the normal course, if you do nothing. We have obviously been more proactive and opportunistic in calling some of those. I think the dynamic that is -- that will impact the amount of capital that gets freed up is actually as the underlying assets monetize, because we are paying off the debt essentially with cash that we had accumulated and so there is not great deal of capital charge and capital tied up in the term debt and the cash that's sitting there. So, again, it will -- we still -- still we would expect a very significant portion of the capital freed up over the period of time. Maybe, Brian, if you want to add a little more color?
Brian Schreiber: David, I think you hit the key points. As we have said in the past, some capital will be freed up between now and 18, but the bulk of the capital will come out post 18. The way we run the DIB is something that we call the ace test that ensures. We have adequate net asset value and adequate liquidity to meet both contingencies and obligation as they come due. And as David said as assets monetize as the ML3 assets pull to intrinsic value that capital would get freed up. And in some ways its also more function of our ability to proactively go after the liabilities or having to wait till it actually mature.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks guys.
Peter Hancock: Okay. Thank you, Jay.
Operator: Well take our next question from Mike Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Just a couple of quick ones and then maybe a broader question, on the Consumer business in the U.S. the combined DIB below 90. I just wanted to get an understanding of sort of what happened there, how much of that was the reprice warranty business and is that sustainable for you?
Peter Hancock: Kevin, why dont you take that?
Kevin Hogan: Okay. Yeah. Thanks Mike. Yeah, the warranty is an important part of the improvement as you, I think, are aware, we had another bit of loss ratio in certain products last year and we took quick underwriting action which took hold. But in addition to what we did in the warranty, we have also been consistently filing some rate improvements in the PCG property portfolio which is starting to earn in.
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. Great. And then same question on the MI. It looks like the underlying feedback after development was just below 60? How should we be thinking about that business?
Bob Benmosche: I am sorry, the mortgage insurance?
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Yeah. The MI, the united guarantee, it looks like ex-development ran at a sub-60 combined? Is that -- is there anything in that like underlying that we should think about or is that kind of where you expect that you would be running that business?
Bob Benmosche: Its a business where you have a very attractive combined as long as the housing market stays as firm as it is and as long as employment trends stay as firm as they are. And so we think about it with a cat load that's over and above that steady state combined ratio against the cyclicality. But its a very attractive return on risk business at this point in the cycle and as you can see from the delinquency trends very, very attractive. About two-thirds of the business, the results are on business post-crises. So, its cleaner and cleaner reserve book at this point.
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Great. And then just question, just talking about reserves there a bit? I mean, when we think about, we talk a lot about the combined ratio at the P&C company. I mean, obviously the mix of business is changing from what you wrote historically? How should we think about capital, the capital you are going to need on a run rate basis to sort of run that business as the reserves for some of the longer tail lines run-off, some of which you are not really writing anymore? Is there -- is that something that we should be sort of thinking about as you -- especially if you potentially stop growing or grow less quickly then in some of these capital intensive lines? Thanks.
Bob Benmosche: Yes. I think we have explicit run-off portions of the causality lines which we showed incorporated and other that consume a certain amount of capital and that runs often. And as I said in sub-segments, which are still in the commercial line segment, where we are deemphasizing and shrinking certain long-tail lines, which are capital intensive. But that capital freeze up gradually at those the tails of those businesses start to play out. So, I would say, so four to 10-year sort of the time horizon for that capital to be freed up. But its quite substantial and we are redeploying that freed up capital gradually into shorter tail lines where we are getting a better return on risk and so, I think that we are somewhat opportunistic in terms of where we deploy that capital and we have a lot of different choices because of the breadth of our franchise.
Peter Hancock: Yeah. Mike, I would say in the commercial portfolio at the end of 2010 property was about 16% of our net return premium and is now close to 25%. At the same time, our specialty classes and financial lines grew a bit as a share of the total of two largely coming at the expense of U.S. causality over that period of time.
Bob Benmosche: And I should add that we saw increase in property, there has been no increase in our MPL because we have been diversifying away from the U.S. property cat exposures.
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: Thanks. Good morning. Peter, two questions for you, one, you initially mentioned that you saw -- you would see no abrupt changes in strategy and we are focused on continuity? Does that mean you anticipate any changes in strategy?
Peter Hancock: I anticipate changes in strategy as the opportunities arise, but nothing that I would want to signal at the moment, because I think that, Bob, and I have been highly aligned on strategy for the last one and half year. So unless something any external environment changes abruptly in which case we might have to consider abrupt changes. The team as a whole has really coalesced around our current strategy and is in execution mode. So, I think, that's really the signal. This is a great confidence in the team, great confidence in the momentum that we have built and changes in the strategy will be largely refinements in the execution.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. The other question I wanted to ask is, for you to maintain the head of the Property Casualty business? Do you view that as a temporary situation or perhaps permanent, given the size of AIG, it feels like thats a pretty big load for one person to carry running more than or essentially being Chief Executive Officer plus being responsible for the largest single unit of the company? And related to that, have you received commitment from other leadership of AIG to remain at the company?
Peter Hancock: So in the Property Casualty, increasingly John and Kevin running the Consumer and Commercial segments, have assumed the broader strategic leadership that those two very large segments deserve. And we are very focused on making the whole company more flatter in the hierarchy and so want to minimize the layers of management between the CEO and the trenches to improve our responsiveness to customers and market. And so in my view redundant to think about the Property Casualty layer going forward, the leadership that John has on the Commercial and Kevin has on the Consumer provide absolutely right amount strategic leadership thats needed. So I dont see any challenges there. And as far as the commitment of the senior leadership of the company, I think weve all been through a lot together over the last five years. There were a plenty of reasons for anybody to further to tow in over the last five years I am very hopeful that everybody who went through the challenges over the last five years looks forward to the next five years with as much enthusiasm as I do.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Thank you very much.
Operator: Well take our
Elizabeth Werner: Katie, I think, we are going to -- we are at the top of hour, so I am afraid we are going to have to get back to everybody who has dialed in and we will certainly appreciate everybodys interest and look forward to speaking with all of you this afternoon.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Liz Werner - Head, IR Bob Benmosche - President and CEO David Herzog - EVP and CFO Peter Hancock - EVP, Property and Casualty Insurance  Jay Wintrob - EVP, Domestic Life and Retirement Services Kevin Hogan - EVP, Consumer Insurance Charlie Shamieh - SVP and Corporate Chief Actuary 
Analysts: Randy Binner - FBR Jay Gelb - Barclays Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Larry Greenberg - Janney Capital Meyer Shields - KBW Management Brian Meredith - UBS Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein  
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIGs First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Werner: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Before we get started this morning, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first quarter Form 10-Q and our 2013 Form 10-K, under managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on our website, www.aig.com. With that, Id like to turn the call over to our senior management team and well begin with comments from Bob Benmosche. 
Bob Benmosche: Thanks, Liz, and good morning to everybody. I want to start with ILFC, comment on the 8-K we filed yesterday and that is all regulatory approvals have now been received and so were very confident that this transaction will in fact close in the second quarter as weve talked to you previously. So thats a good -- for the company going forward. If you look at the quarter, you can see that our capital management continues to proceed and were measured by buyback shares and continuing to reduce our debt which obviously improves our coverage ratio. Our property casualty had its second best quarter in the last 12 quarters. Unfortunately the best quarter was the first quarter of last year. So were comparing the second best quarter to the best quarter. So you see some of it decline. However, if you look at the accident year loss ratios and the other fundamentals, that business is continuing to build a very strong foundations for the future. Our mortgage guarantee business continues to do well with 62% of its premium now coming from our new underwriting capability which really gives us high degree of confidence that, if the market go soft in the future and I know maybe well never see another soft market in housing but if that day comes were confident we have a very strong profile of risks weve taken on a book and mortgage guarantee. And life and retirement continues to show very strong premiums in deposits, $7.1 billion for the quarter, but also very strong in net flow. So its not only whats coming in, its what were retaining. And so that business really is hitting on all cylinders. So what Id like to do is turn it over to David who will take you through the financials.
David Herzog: Thank you Bob, and good morning everyone. As we disclosed yesterday in the 8-K that Bob referenced, weve now received all regulatory approvals required with respect to the sale of ILFC to AerCap. We do expect the transaction to close in the second quarter and again, subject to satisfaction of customary posing conditions. Upon closing, we expect receive approximately $2.4 billion of cash that is net of intercompany settlements plus 97.6 million shares of AerCap stock, all of which will be held at the parent holding company and subject to lock up another transfer provision. In the second quarter, we will update our stress test, our liquidity forecast as well as our annual capital plan and well discuss all of these with the rating agencies, the Federal Reserves and our Board of Directors to access what actions we will take. Now, turning to our financials on Slide 4. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $1.8 billion with operating earnings per share of a $21. Our operating return on equity was 7.5%, since our earnings, our tax affected we are not paying tax to the U.S. government given our NOLs, our operating ROE excluding the DTA from average equity was about 180 basis points higher or about 9.3%. Book value per share excluding AOCI at the end of the quarter was $65.49, 10% higher than it was in the first quarter of 2013. Our operating results begin on Slide 5. Peter and Jay will cover their respective businesses following my remarks. The direct investment book for the DIB delivered another solid quarter with over $400 million of operating earnings, reflecting the mark-to-market appreciation. That can create some volatility from period to period. As we had gains also from unwinding certain of our positions, we continue to expect these earnings to moderate overtime as the portfolio winds down and the investments approach their expected recovery values. In addition, we may from time to time repackage certain of the DIB assets to be held at the parent company or in our operating companies. We continue to proactively and opportunistically reduce the DIBs footprint. In fact in the first quarter we settled the $2.2 billion of redemptions and repurchases previously announced, as well as initiated the make whole call for the March 2015 maturities, which was completed yesterday. We used cash allocated for the DIB and global capital markets that was set aside exactly for that purpose. At the end of the first quarter we had $7.9 billion of net asset value in the DIB and global capital markets. We expect this capital to be released to the parent over time as the maturities, the liabilities and the underlying assets and derivatives are monetized and settled. Corporate expenses totaled approximately $243 million in the quarter, in line with our expectation of $225 million, $250 million quarterly run rate for 2014 and they were down from a year ago as expected. Our reported operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.7%, also in line with our outlook for 2014. Our strong capital position as of the end of the quarter is set forth on Slide 6. Our capital structure remains straight forward and our leverage remains low. As I mentioned last quarter we made good progress on our coverage ratios which remains an area of focus for us that we continue to work on through opportunistic debt capital management and improving the earnings profile including the earnings profile of our core businesses. From this strong capital position we distributed $182 million in dividends to our shareholders and deployed $867 million towards the repurchase of approximately 17.4 million shares of common stock, leaving roughly 537 million remaining in our current share repurchase authorization. We were opportunistic and orderly in our share repurchase activity. We received dividends and loan repayments from life and retirement of about $1.7 billion during the quarter as shown on Slide 7. Included in this amount is roughly $300 million related to sub-prime. Property casualty is also on track to deliver its full year targeted dividend payments, although none was expected in the first quarter. We continue to expect $5 billion to $6 billion in dividends and distributions from our insurance subsidiaries this year. In addition to these dividends and distributions we received tax sharing payments of about 300 million in the first quarter. We continue to expect to receive approximately $1 billion of tax sharing payments in 2014 and roughly 2 billion in 2015, as this comes from our insurance companies and they continue to utilize their DTAs. These dividends and tax sharing payments, combined with our capital management activity that I mentioned earlier resulted in parent cash, short-term investments and unencumbered securities of $11.2 billion as of the end of the quarter. Included in parental liquidity is 4.4 billion related to the DIB and global capital markets which is allocated for its future debt maturities and contingent liquidity stress needs. As weve indicated in the past, nearly 80% of the DIBs debt matures by the end of 2018. So with Id like to turn the call over to Peter for comments on property casualty.
Peter Hancock:  Thank you David and good morning everybody. Property casualtys first quarter results reflected our continued focus on underwriting discipline and risk selection. While we dont look at any one quarter as a trend, this was our second highest quarter of pretax operating income over the past three years. Our strategic initiatives and outlook remain unchanged and we continue to focus on driving profitable growth and increasing returns. Turning to Slide 8; AIG Property Casualty reported first quarter operating income of $1.2 billion. Net premiums written grew 3% from a year ago excluding the effect of foreign exchange. We experienced strong new business growth across the majority of our commercial lines. However casualty written premium volumes declined from a year ago on lower exposures and slower payroll growth at our large accounts. Pricing discipline drove our rate actions and our willingness to walk away from business where appropriate. Property Casualtys accident year loss ratio as adjusted was 63.2, flat from a year ago and higher than our long-term trend. Importantly, our view of a decline in the accident year loss ratio in 2014 has not changed. First quarter operating results were also impacted by three large consumer losses and strong alternative investment performance which Ill address in my remarks. The quarter included $162 million of net prior year adverse development, primarily related to our international financial lines business, as well as certain specialty lines. We continue to review reserve quarterly and react quickly to any trends. The quarter also included a $105 million benefit from a previously announced change in the discount rate for workers compensation. This change was associated with the merger of our internal polling arrangements effective January 1. Our expense ratio was essentially unchanged in the quarter as expected and we continue to progress with our Japan integration. Our investments in Japan and the benefits from the recent severance charges will emerge later in 2015. Turning to Slide 9, we saw growth across commercial product lines outside of Casualty. Global Property led growth and net premiums written increased 12%, adjusted for changes in our corporate cat program. We saw new business growth in large limit and middle market business globally, particularly in Europe and we continue to leverage our in house engineering capabilities and execute on our global approach to capital allocation. We did see a more competitive market in the U.S. cat this quarter where there is overcapacity and we were disciplined in our renewals. Commercial insurance pricing remained positive during the quarter and largely exceeded loss cost trends, though rate increases were slightly lower than what we saw in the fourth quarter. Global commercial rates increased 1.9% in the quarter. The U.S. market continued to lead in rate improvement with a 4.4% increase in the quarter. U.S. property, led with a 5.9% increase followed by the U.S. financial wines which was up 4.2%. U.S. Casualty and U.S. Specialty each had 4.1% rate increases. The accident year loss ratio in commercial improved 0.3 points from the year ago to 65.1, even with the low severe losses of a year ago as a result of our pricing actions, enhanced low-risk selections, technical underwriting, and investments in claim handling. Notable improvement in casualty accident year losses reflected the impact of rate increases and continued improvement in business mix. Casualty had been a leading contributor to declining loss ratio and delivered a positive risk adjusted profit this quarter. We remain focused on retaining our most profitable business and refining our account quality scoring tools at an increasingly granular level. Severe commercial losses accounted for a 2.9 point impact to commercials loss ratio this quarter versus 1.2 points in the year ago quarter and were within a reasonable range of expectations. Turning to Slide 10, net premiums written for consumer insurance increased 2%, excluding the effects of the yen exchange rate. In consumer we continue to focus on improved underwriting quality and targeted growth in key markets where we can achieve meaningful scale. As Kevin advances his strategy, you will hear more about our plans. Similar to learnings from a commercial transformation, consumer is being led to embrace transformation with an emphasis on value creation. Consumer continues to remain on track for modest improvements in both growth and profitability in 2014. The consumer accident year loss ratio increased 0.5 point from a year ago to 59.3 including 1.2 points arising from three individual fire losses in North America personal property. These losses were geographically disbursed and were predominantly older policies. Our risk appetite and exposure to North American personal lines has been stable for some time. While large personal property losses are difficult to predict, this was the first time we experienced three personalized losses in excess of $10 million each in a quarter, or even in one year. In each of the prior two years we experienced just one personalized loss of over $ 10 million. Across the remaining consumer business we saw improved results in automobile, warranty and A&H, driven by underwriting actions and rate increases taken in the current and prior year. Turning to Slide 11, operating results reflected a modestly lower level of net investment income which resulted primarily from a lower invested asset base cost by the run-off of our reserve base which has fallen from 68 billion in 2010 to 63 billion today. As I mentioned earlier, alternative returns exceeded our expectation by over $100 million. With respect to capital management, as planned, we did not remit a dividend to the holding company during the quarter but we did make tax payments over $ 180 million. We look forward to contributing our planned dividends during the remainder of the year. Turning to Slide 12, mortgage guarantees operating performance continues to improve with operating income for the quarter of $ 76 million. Mortgage guaranty continues to benefit from its proprietary risk selection model and in improving housing market, with 62% of earned premiums generated by high quality business written after 2008. The delinquency ratio of 5.3% for the quarter continued to fall as the volume of new delinquencies is lower and cure rates improved. The Mortgage insurance market continues to evolve as the highest rated and leading U.S. mortgage insurer, United Guaranty is well positioned to remain a disciplined and competitive market participant. In closing we continued to advance our strategic initiatives, work collaboratively across AIG businesses and further build value for all our stakeholders. Now Id like to turn the call over to Jay to discuss and life and retirement results.
Jay Wintrob:  Thank you Peter and good morning to everyone. Beginning on Slide 13, the first quarter of 2014 was another record quarter for AIGs life and retirement business. The segment delivered over $1.4 billion of operating earnings, achieving the highest level of quarterly earnings in our history. Operating income was driven by strong growth in fee income and enhanced spread income. Higher account balances due to strong sales and equity market appreciation generated increased fee income. Interest rate sensitive businesses continued to benefit from disciplined pricing on new business, reduced renewal crediting rates and a run off of older business crediting relatively high interest rates. Our diversified portfolio of alternative investments, hedge funds and private equity generated very strong returns during the quarter, contributing approximately $260 million of investment income above our targeted 10% annual return. Fair value accounting for investment in PICC Group common stock resulted in a $110 million decline in net investment income year-over-year. In addition to strong earnings, life and retirement delivered $1.7 billion of dividends to the holding company in the first quarter and were on target to meet our dividend plan for 2014. We ended the quarter with shareholders equity ex-AOCI of $34.6 billion, nearly 2 billion higher than a year ago. Our all products all channels distribution platform continued to produce strong results. Retail sales were up 61% from the year ago period reaching nearly 4.4 billion in the quarter. Sales of retirement income solutions products, including individual variable annuities and fixed index annuities reached nearly $2.2 billion in the quarter up 54% from the year ago period. Our guaranteed income options, effective marketing programs and materials and award winning customer service continue to differentiate our offerings in the marketplace, while innovative and competitive product design has improved the risk profile of these products. We remain comfortable with our level of sales and continue to achieve pricing IRRs in excess of our long-term targets. Fixed annuity sales more than doubled from the year ago period to $960 million. Our cost efficient flexible annuity administration platform and deep long-term relationships with financial institutions enable us to remain the number one provider of fixed annuities through the bank channel, a position weve held for the past 18 years. We saw a slight decline in fixed annuity sales on a sequential basis reflecting our strategy of maintaining disciplined pricing in response to declining interest rates which occurred over the course of the quarter. At the end of the first quarter, assets under management reached $324 billion, up 9% from a year ago, driven by strong retail investment product net flows, higher separate account balances and greater institutional assets. Net inflows in our retail products and group retirement businesses were $1 billion in the quarter, up substantially from a year ago. This improvement was driven by strong growth in sales and retirement income solutions, retail mutual funds and fixed annuities as just discussed. Our stable value wrap business accounted for $13 billion increase in AUMs from the year ago period, reflecting the deepening and broadening of our client relationships in that business. Overall were pleased with the growth in assets under management were seeing across the portfolio of businesses. Slide 14, provides the components of operating income for our retail and institutional businesses. Line of business comparisons to the year ago quarter were adversely effected by the fair value accounting for PICC mentioned earlier. Excluding this impact, retail and institutional operating income each increased by 10% versus the year ago quarter. Retail operating income benefited from growth in fee income from retirement income solutions and enhanced spread income from fixed annuities. Institutional operating results were driven by increased contribution from group retirement from both higher fee income and enhanced spread income in that line of business. Over the past four years weve redesigned our products to reduce risk to AIG. In our retirement income solutions business, approximately three quarters of our $25.3 billion of variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits include benefits with strong de-risking features, such as the VIX indexing of our writer fees and volatility control funds. In addition we require minimum allocations to the fixed account which also reduces risk. We see competitors increasing their presence in this market, consumer demand for variable annuities remains very strong. Were also benefiting from growth in index annuities as a result of improved product features, a low interest rate environment and our strong bank distribution presence. Slide 15 shows our trends in yields and spreads. Base yields in the quarter was 5.32%, up from 5.3% in the prior year quarter and up from 5.29% in the fourth quarter of 2014. The increase primarily reflects the contribution from participation income on a commercial mortgage loan sales and redemption income on our preferred stock holding in the quarter, which more than offset the impact of lower new money reinvestment rates. We continue to actively manage crediting rates on our in force block and remained disciplined in our new business pricing as demonstrated by the decline in the cost of funds, for both our fixed annuities and group retirement business. As a result, net spreads expanded for both fixed annuities and group retirement sequentially and from the year-ago period. At the end of the first quarter 72% of our fixed annuity and universal life account values were at minimum guaranteed crediting rates. Slide 16 shows our investment portfolio compensation and returns and reflects the benefit to net investment income of strong alternative investment performance in the quarter as mentioned earlier. So to sum-up, were off to a good start to the year with strong earnings and distributions to AIG. We plan to continue executing on our strategic initiatives which include growing our distribution organization and increasing the productivity of our wholesalers, affiliated agents and financial advisors. Were successfully leveraging our strong relationships with distribution partners to increase penetration of our broad retail product portfolio, build on our market leading and offer competitive and profitable retirement income solutions. We also look to continue opportunities to grow our institutional businesses, where we can achieve the most attractive risk adjusted returns. And with that Ill turn it back to Liz to open for Q&A.
Liz Werner: Thanks John. Operator could we open up the lines?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from Randy Binner with FBR.
Randy Binner - FBR: In the commentary Bob said that the buy back in the quarter was measured and so, I was wondering how to think about what we can expect for kind of a run rate there? Should we think of this as something we can run rate or could you let that go more, going forward?
Bob Benmosche: I think the word measured is not necessarily for the quarter, but generally speaking as we go through this period of time, the Federal Reserve coming in and really working with this us on being prepared for an official CCAR down the road, once its defined by the FED. But you want to make sure that you do things in a steady and thats all that was referring to us. So I think as we look through the rest of the year, we have a capital plan, well review that capital plan and update our stress testing as we do it internally. Again, its not the official Federal Reserve stress test but as we update ourselves we will keep an eye on that capital plan once IOFC actually closes and we have the money in hand we will take a second look at it. So its just doing things in a very measured way, both for the Federal Reserve and quite frankly for the rating agencies. We want to make sure we satisfy, especially the coverage ratio for them as they are asking us to do. And were in constant dialogue with them. So thats all weve meant.
Randy Binner - FBR: And then the follow-up would be, if do you have any kind of updated comments on the process with the FED in particular theres been recent introduction of bi-partisan legislation in both, excuse me -- the house from the senate looking to clarify the FEDs interpretation of Section 171 of Dodd-Frank. And so wondering if you have any commentary on how that might have affect the process?
Bob Benmosche: No, I think what you see going on is an attempt to rationalize whats in FED versus insurance company, versus banks. So I think theyre Collins Amendment and such is something that needs to be worked through so that the Federal Reserve can clearly take a look at what we do here at the insurance companies. And look you all understand that our liabilities are very different and the way they behave is very different as we begin to match the assets and liabilities and our focus is really long term solvency so to make we live up with the promises that we make to our client and thats a big deal. Not say that banks dont do that as well but its a different business and a different structure. So I think that pretty much -- I hope that covers more broadly and I think were continuing to work with everybody to make sure that not only in the U.S. but around the work to make sure were hearing too and fired up the design of our appropriate regulation.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: For Peter, the 97% underlying combined ratio would view do that as a starting point that property casualty business can improve over the course of the year, I just want to clarify that first?
Peter Hancock: Yes. I do still improvement in the combined ratio during the course of the year based our forecast of normalized trend, yes.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: And then there appears to be a persistent drag on the reserving. I believe were in the fourth quarter in a row of persistent reserve strengthening. When do you feel that drag will be over?
Peter Hancock: So we do a quarterly review of separate segment of the reserves that are in particular subject to longer tails and harder to predict loss cost trend and that each quarter is looked at independently over the one before. So the cards fall where they fall based on new information that emerges, and we do it with our internal actuarial team as well as external review. The fact that youve had four quarters in a row to meet it is statistically not very significant and the numbers relative to the total reserve of over 60 billion are relatively modest. The particular prior year development in this quarter was from two principal sources, the international financial lines, which is a very profitable business, we like. And so while there have been a gradual increase in temperature in a number of foreign jurisdictions, thats something which we gradually adjust our pricing to, but we feel very comfortable with the return on risk of that business and if anything see that as exposing the need for more insurance from the U.S. to other jurisdictions. So it was a sort of some positives there. The other piece relates to a large surety loss that occurred and it really came to us last year. So thats why its prior year. But its a transaction that was underwritten about four years ago, that involved a company that went into bankruptcy. So I dont see it as indicative of the reserve weakness. Its just a one-off event.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: How big was the surety loss?
Peter Hancock: $89 million.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: $89 million. Okay, Peter, I think it is significant from a comparison standpoint at least. Were just not seeing this drag from other large P&C companies. For David Herzog, given all the $2.5 billion of cash up front from ILFC, with $5 billion to $6 billion dividend from the P&C business and substantial dividends also coming from the Life Company. I just want get a sense of why AIG wouldnt accelerate the buyback, even taking into account that were during the course of coming up on a CCAR analysis?
David Herzog: I think, what Bob said - that captures the essence of how we are approaching capital management. With respect to ILFC, as I said in my opening remarks and Bob said, we are now like to go through a process of actually close the transaction. Were going to update our stress test better that you could look at that as a sort of normal course, thats what. We will be subject to at some point. Although were not today, we will be. So we are following an early process with the Fed. We will update those results. We will review those results with the rating agency, with Fed itself and with our Board of Directors. And so again -- and then well update or capital plan. I think its important to note that its not appropriate to put in a capital plan, capital actions that are based upon contingent fund. Others that have tried that did not like the result. So weve learned from that, weve learned from others. So capital plan will be updated in normal course and then will review that updated capital plan again with those various stakeholders and then take appropriate action. Again I think our approach to capital management has been consistent, steady, orderly and those are dimensions that we believe are balancing the various stakeholders, including the Fed and including rating agencies, including our own management board of directors. So were moving at an appropriate place given the environment, given the on boarding of the Fed. Again, you saw what we did in the first quarter, and that is relative to what we did in the fourth quarter. So I think were comfortable with the pace we are on.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: Great, I hope at 80% above we view that is a compelling opportunity for buybacks. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Peter, I just wanted to ask a little bit about the North America commercial business. It looks like the year-over-year improvement there slowed a bit in the first quarter. Given the return rate gains in your earnings through and movement towards what I would assume is a lower loss ratio properly book, and even taking into consideration the severity losses that were effectively flat year-over-year; trying to understand what the margin, kind of whether we hit a speed bump or what happened in the first quarter? Was there something Im missing there?
Peter Hancock: Im going to give that to John Doyle to answer. 
John Doyle:  Hey Mike, what I would point out is that we continue to see underwriting improvement in our U.S. casualty business. As Peter mentioned casualty produced suggested profit for us in the first quarter for the first time since weve been using that as our primary performance metric and it was more notable than that -- is that our U.S. casualty business was also RAP positive in the quarter. So we feel good about that. Having said that, we saw some pressure on the top line in the first quarter. The cap property market got considerably more competitive in the quarter. So we sacrificed some volume in the quarter there, in some cases locked some accounts. We also moved up on some programs to retain some relationships on some business that we thought was within an appropriate margin. And then in casualty there were some pressure on the top line. As Peter mentioned ratable quarters on large accounts but also there was also some pressure from DVA business, its just a work comp like cover for U.S. contractors doing business, largely in Iraq and Afghanistan and with the wind down of the lot of the work there we saw some pressure there. We did see decent growth in the other segment and continue to grow outside of cap property in the United States.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: So should we expect some kind of reversion of what we saw in prior quarters in terms of margin expansion there or how should we -- it would just seem that a lot of the really big opportunity to push for excess rate over loss trends -- the low hanging fruit might be behind us? Just trying to understand just given what were seeing elsewhere, how should we think about margin expansion in the North America commercial business from here, just given thats an engine of margin improvement of the company.
Peter Hancock: Im not sure it ever feels like low hanging fruit to me, because there is lots of competitors out in the market,
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Fair enough.
David Herzog: And I would also mention to you that its not just about price. Risk selection is an important driver for our underwriting improvement and we continue to refine more techniques and use a lot of the analytical capabilities that weve brought on to the team over the course of the last couple of years to improve. But as Peter mentioned -- I pointed out cat property, but as Peter mentioned in his prepared remarks and mostly other lines of business, rates continued to exceed loss cost trends. And as he also mentioned we do expect continued loss ratio improvement when you normalize for the severe losses and during the course of this year.
Operator: Well take our next question from Larry Greenberg with Janney Capital.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Capital:  Yes, Peter I think you -- when talking about severe losses in commercial lines, you said the $186 million was within a reasonable range. Im wondering what the range is that youre using today? And should we expect that range to be increasing over time as it seems like your continuing to emphasize property over casualty in your growth plans?
John Doyle:  This is John, let me -- Ill jump in on that again. Severe per commercial were $145 million this -- the number youre referenced includes the three consumer losses that Peter referred to. Its within a range of reasonable expectations. What I would say its slightly higher than what wed expect but its going to be bumpy. Of course were not going to see -- it's a quarter-to-quarter predictable number of these losses. One of the losses in fact came in on March 31. So just as an indication but -- and if property continues to grow as a percentage of the book, well see more contribute from that line of business over time.
Peter Hancock: Yes, the most unusual aspect in terms of severe losses as I mentioned is in consumer where we had these three rather unusual fires, but in terms of the last few quarters, I was reassured by the fact that most of the severe losses were from property policies written some time ago. So its not as a result of a new exposure. Yes we are growing our property business but there is no evidence that that is the cause of the elevated severe losses that we had in the last three quarters. Over time yes, as the book grows it will become a bit more lumpy, but no I think its better diversified today than its ever been before, diversifying away from U.S. cat to a more internationally balanced global property portfolio.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Capital: And then also, can you provide us any visibility on the other property casualty segment which no premiums but throws off roughly 40% of your property casualty earnings. And perhaps some sort of breakdown between what the run off piece of that is, maybe the timeline for what that associated tail is. And then how much of it is just purely investment income that doesnt get allocated to the commercial and personal segments?
Bob Benmosche: Well, the first is, Ive got to work backwards. Your last comment is a substantial element in that line item, which is the access investment income. We used to transform pricing mechanism between that other segment and the consumer commercial which looks at risk free rates plus the liquidity premium which is roughly 50 basis points. The only investment returns over and above that is shown in our other segment and weve been fortunate the asset management group has done an excellent job of getting better returns than that. And so that shows up in that segment. But we also have a number of run-off portfolios, excess workers comp, some environment policies in asbestos in that which is going to be running off over several years, and it ultimately will free up capital to be redeployed either dividends or growth in the rest of the business.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Capital: So when the run-off is complete do you still expect to have in other segment? I mean I know were talking years down the road probably?
Bob Benmosche: I think if it is certainly not a bad scale and I think that perhaps another segment might be consolidated for all of AIG because we have a number of run-off assets at the holding company like the DIB and so on. So I think that hopefully at some point the total amount run-off assets in the whole company are a footnote that doesnt receive as much intention as they do today. But today, between those are the holding company and those that are in PNC, its still fair amount of trapped capital which ultimately will get re-deployed productively.
Operator: Well take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW Management.
Meyer Shields - KBW Management: When we look at the international retail segments, I am looking at last year. You had sort of underlying loss ratios in low 50 in the first half of the year and the low 60% range in the back half of the year. Is this some sort of seasonality for the sequential improvement from 4Q due [ph] fourth quarter actually represents something sustainable?
Bob Benmosche: I didnt hear your question was it -- did you say commercial or consumer at the beginning?
Meyer Shields - KBW Management: I am sorry, international commercial.
David Herzog: The severe loss that John mentioned that came in at the very end of the quarter was an international one and I think that its largely severe losses shifting from domestic to international. 
Bob Benmosche: And we disclose it in top on Page 17, the severe loss numbers for international commercial and you can see the growth there from the best two quarters of that year being very low to an elevated level as for Q3, Q4 in the first quarter of this year.
Meyer Shields - KBW Management: Okay. So we shouldnt expect the same sort of seasonality going forward?
Bob Benmosche: No, I think we had very low in the first half of last year and elevated in the last three quarters.
Meyer Shields - KBW Management: Right. Unrelated question how should we think about the process related expenses for regulation? I guess the beginning of AIG unique regulation, the new churn space. Is that likely to increase or decrease from what were seeing currently?
Bob Benmosche: I think that you have seen it baked in a bit with our numbers. So we talked about our expenses and when are they coming down. We -- for example may be close to 300 people dedicated full time for working on our stress testing, it could be as much as 1000 people supporting them at various points in time, in a run rate or in the numbers. Weve already in a process of investing huge technologies. Weve been able to build a real strategic state of the art system on the investment side, the asset side. We are now putting team together on building the liabilities, employing demand in a very high tech kind of way. So that money is in the run rate, its been in the run rate for, I would say at least 2.5 years and we saw a dropping from the fall of (indiscernible) FED year. And we need to start really modernizing it (indiscernible) which has been in the run rate quite a while.
David Herzog: Yes. I think the big investments are sort of quite separate from regulation FED related to merger integration of AIU and Fuji Fire & Marine in Japan. Thats a big spend this year.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: Yes. Couple of questions. The first is that the G&A expense within P&C was quite a bit low as it has been running and it was lower in every single segment. Should we be reading into this improvement and this is just --- not the ratio but the aggregate number was down quite a bit from the fourth quarter. Should we read into that?
Bob Benmosche: You could but I dont think you would be interpreting it right. You got to do the FX adjustment which is very sizable yen expenses so they look lower with a lower translation. But we are making progress on expenses but as I alluded to, we wont see a full benefit until 2015 as we work our way through the merger integration costs in Japan. I have to say that we had slightly lighter projects than in Japan in the first quarter than I had planned, and well see that come through in the second quarter and third quarter despite the higher pace, but the full year plan for spending in Japan is on track.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: And what about the drop in the U.S. I assume that -- something to that? Again fourth quarter to first quarter, both in commercial and consumer, that overhead number came down quite a bit.
Bob Benmosche: In the fourth quarter 2013 we had higher comp related expenses within both the U.S. and international businesses and that wasnt repeated in the first quarter of this year.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: Got it. And then second question, on IFLC, I fully understand how youre approaching this from a capital management standpoint. You clearly dont want to put the cart before the horse. You have said in the past several things on IFLC. One you said that the sale of IFLC would be a credit positive event for the company, that there was transformation to some extent. You also suggest that the capital of that unlock that you have received when you sell IFLC, in your view should be free and clear. It wasnt supporting any other businesses. Do you still stand by those statements?
David Herzog: Its David. Yes. The short answer. Listen, getting IFLC has total liabilities of about $25 billion, $26 billion and that number sits today on our balance sheet and liabilities held for sale. There is no question that the rating agencies will see the actual closing of that sale as credit positive, as much as said so. And the capital, whether its the shares of AirCap or the cash that we receive, it will sit at the holding company, unencumbered not backing any other business or liability and our judgment process will be as I set forth in terms of how were going to go about evaluating what we will do with those proceeds. Bob I dont know if you want to add anything?
Bob Benmosche:  I guess just keep in mind that I think the IFLC management team, over the last four years have done brilliant job of turning the around a business where we had not dealt with legacy aircraft as appropriately as we should, did not have the right financing in terms of duration matching against purchasing of claims and so on. So there is a huge amount of work went on cleaning it up, building a really strong new airplane purchase book. If you look at the planes, the NEO, we were right out in front of that and congratulations to the executives that got that going, the NEO 320. So we have a really strong order book, we have really done a wonderful job of cleaning up our finances and other thing was older aircraft that needed to be sold or parted out and so on. And we should put the two companies together, we view it as a very strong property and for now were getting some cash immediately which is important. We do, as David said have a lock upon it but we also see the future of this over the next several years as being extremely positive. And so were going to make the right economic decisions for the company and our shareholders. And over the next two or three years well see whats there and make the decision based upon how AIG is trading, where we are vis--vis book value. Were expecting improvement in our operating earnings as we go forward, improvement in our ROE as we go forward. So if that all comes together, well have a better view of how we deal with this non-core asset, which we think has a lot of promise over more than one or 1.5 year time frame.
Operator: Well take our next question from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS:  Two from me. First just on the property casualty insurance interest in dividend in the quarter, I know you said that part of the reason for the reduction was the lower invested asset balance but it was really a substantial decrease. Was there anything else unusual going in there, FX or something would have impacted the decline from the fourth quarter?
David Herzog: There wasnt anything substantial. As we said the alternative investments were strongly performed but our overall interest and dividend -- interest receipts were in line with our expectations.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay. Because I was just looking, its down like $80 million sequentially. Maybe there is an allocation issue, kind of what youre talking about with the other that went into that.
David Herzog: There is 15 million of PICC mark-to-market and then ultimately of other declines in interest returns -- interest yields.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Great. And then my second question is for Peter, John. I am just curious the severe loss activity that were seeing, could any of that be attributed to some of the changes you made in your reinsurance program? And then kind of as an addendum to that, is there any way to kind of get a sense of what the benefit the changes in the reinsurance program have had to your underlying combines in the P&C area?
Peter Hancock: Our international net exposure of non-U.S. net exposure did increase as a result of changes in re-insurance. We continue to back test that decision to take more net and remain confident that its been also a right economic decision for us. Last year in the first quarter we saw an unusually low level of severe losses at $60 million in losses and this year was close to a more normal rate. But as I mentioned before, as a percentage of our total portfolio, our high limit property business globally is a bigger part of our commercial insurance operation. So we do expect, at least in the near term those exposures to increase. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Id love to start with a question for Kevin. So weve started to see some improving consumer margins. Youve talked about your initiatives in auto, warranty, and accident health. And I was wondering if you could - youve been here for about six months and the Company. Consumer business started to change about 18 months ago. Im wondering if we can give us a sort of a little bit of a story as to sort of how the focus in consumer is shifting? And maybe some concrete examples of specific changes, and sort of specifically about things like pricing and underwriting, Im kind of curious, are you pulling these levers hard enough to get your business to down to a target of low 90s combined.
Kevin Hogan: Thanks Josh. As I mentioned last time. We are playing in consumer essentially at similar playbook to what has been very successful in the commercial side, really focusing on underwriting discipline. Were using similar tools in terms of global writers, regulate portfolio reviews et cetera. And in the big portfolios of Japan and of the U.S. in the last two years, weve taken substantial actions not only in terms of rate adequacy but also changing certain terms and conditions in the underwriting aspects of the portfolios and as you mentioned, those few underwriting actions are starting to prove particularly in the automobile and the accident and health areas. Outside of the two big portfolios in the U.S. and Japan, were managing some important growth related initiatives in some of the worlds fastest-growing markets, the SPE portfolios and from those areas, as we are using appropriate technical tools from the start, were starting off with a standpoint for the sound technical base. There were a number of challenges in the portfolios that were re-underwriting our way through, including the accident and health business in the United States, which is still a bit of a drag on our growth. But we are establishing a sustainable portfolio and so I would say were partially through the re-underwriting process, but we have a sound base on which now to focus on growth.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: So a question for Peter, or perhaps Charlie, around actuarial and reserving. So you guys have been investing to drive an actuarial transformation along with everything else youd been doing. Im wondering if you give us a sense for what more you need to do to bring your actuarial data in processes to be best in class and then if we think about them sort of discreetly, you have given reserves in three buckets, sort of pre 04 legacy reserves from the financial crisis years and then say the more recent business that you guys have written yourselves since 2010 or 11. For each of these three buckets, could you give us a sense of your confidence level and sort of where you think the puts and takes and say strength and weaknesses might be in the current pace?
Peter Hancock: Okay, Charlie, Ill leave that one to you.
Charlie Shamieh: Josh, firstly on technology, Id say before you get technology, the key thing, as Peter mentioned a bit of it is in relation to the international financial line reserve strengthening. Theres a lot of work that were doing to get very granular information with the claims that happened because we do see evidence of earlier settlements of claims on a paid and an incurred basis which is a good thing. We have much richer stake reserve information than we ever had before. And so a lot of the actuarial methodologies are being adopted for that. And we believe our reserves reflect the best estimate for thats causes a lot of difficulties and looking at historical patterns and the triangles, because Erics team is actively affecting those trends. And we think that will be beneficial to us in ultimate loss cost eventually. In terms of technology, we are -- Bob mentioned it earlier, part of the stress testing work and the capital management work that were doing, we are putting the liabilities on to fairly expanded industrial strength platform for income statements and balance sheet projections. And these are industry tools that help us not just look at point estimates, but also uncertainties in those estimates and what drives those uncertainties. In terms of the confidence in the three buckets that you mentioned, I believe we have confidence in every one of those buckets. We test and derive best estimates regardless of which accident year were looking at. If we see emergence now that we had previously not expected, we will react to it in the quarter. One of the drivers in international financial lines was in isolated pockets in Europe, in our personal indemnity. We saw a much longer sale, than we have ever seen before back to 2005, as early as 2005 in some cases and we're reacting to that. So I wouldnt give you a differentiated answer. The point that were following looks at everything, every quarter in a very detailed dive into the long sale process, we have claims reviews and underwriting. And also ERM involvement in the validation process, at least once annually for the long sale process. 
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Thats great. So, and then so this quarter with the international financial, it sounds like you must have had some late margins, sort of some latency you didnt see it didnt expect and then the surety was basically an individual claim that came through. It sounds like this is much more a case of you guys are responding to the data, as opposed to say changing your approaches and sort of doing a study or something like that?
Bob Benmosche: I think thats very fair. International financial alliance is really isolated through two pockets. Peter mentioned them earlier, but Australia and New Zealand in the access players and in CRA and CNR specifically. And if I would say the frequency and the severity of this environment Australia in particular was higher than we had basically build into our price. But as Peter said, that remains for us a very profitable portfolio. And then the European BI, we had isolated pockets of individual countries in Europe where we saw much later emergence for a claim financial.
Liz Werner: Thank you. Operator, at this time we'd like to close the call and follow-up with any additional questions when we get back to our desk. Thank you everyone for joining us today and we appreciate your attention.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-14 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Werner - IR Bob Benmosche - President and CEO David Herzog - CFO Peter Hancock - CEO of AIG Property Casualty Jay Wintrob - CEO of AIG Life and Retirement John Doyle - CEO, AIG Property Casualty Kevin Hogan - CEO, AIG Global Consumer Insurance James Bracken - CFO, AIG Property Casualty Charlie Shamieh - SVP, Corporate Chief Actuary
Analysts: Brian Meredith - UBS Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Newsome - Sandler ONeill Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good day and welcome to AIGs fourth quarter financial results conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, head of investor relations. Please go ahead, maam. 
Liz Werner:   Thank you, and good morning. Before we get started this morning, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events.  Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in AIGs third and second quarter Form 10-Q and our 2012 Form 10-K, under managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and under risk factors, as well as in the same sections within AIGs 2013 Form 10-K when it is filed with the SEC.  AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIGs website, www.aig.com. At this time, Id like to turn over our earnings call to our CEO, Bob Benmosche. Bob? 
Bob Benmosche : Thank you, Liz, and good morning to everybody. If you turn to page three, let me start off with capital management, which is very important. As you saw, we announced a dividend increase, and weve added to our share repurchase another $1 billion, so [unintelligible] weve got $1.4 billion available for share repurchase at this time. And this reflects the strength, not of the fourth quarter, but of the entire year, and actually the last 70 years as you look at being able to stress our company to see what would happen under adverse situations and making sure we have to capital and liquidity to meet a stress event and continue to maintain our strong ratings and improve those ratings, in fact, over time. So this was in line with that. In addition, we continue our debt management, as youve seen. And most importantly in the quarter, we were able to sell ILFC and close that doubt about that transaction. So we expect that to close in the second quarter of this year. That will, as you know, be the last major noncore asset that AIG is selling. Peter will talk to you about our property and casualty business. The underlying results continue to be very strong, in my opinion. This has been a dramatic turnaround from the company and how it was designed in the past to where we are today, and hell take you through the details. But its a strong top line, [unintelligible] and loss ratios continue to accrue, but remember, its not a year-to-year business, its a zig zag. I know thats a technical term for some of you, but theres up and down, and it doesnt go straight. And so weve seen that, but the trends, I feel, are very strong. Our mortgage guarantee business continues to do well, a dramatic turnaround from where we were five years ago, but thats part of the strong risk selection model that was put in place, as well as recovery in the market. And Jay will talk about our life and retirement business. That barely swung sales. That business is really doing extremely well, and continues to do well across all of its product sets. Jay will bring you up to date on the details there. So let me turn it over to David, who will give you the highlights of the financials, and then well take you through the other key businesses. David?
David Herzog: Thank you, Bob, and good morning everyone. As Bob mentioned, we saw strong performance in our insurance operations, with operating earnings for the quarter in excess of $2.5 billion. For the full year, our insurance businesses collectively generated in excess of $10 billion pretax operating earnings. Looking ahead to 2014, we would expect continued progress in expanding our risk-adjusted returns through growth and capital efficiency. The sale of ILFC, as Bob mentioned, to AerCap, is on track for closing in the second quarter.  The transaction was valued at $5.4 billion upon announcement, using a $24.93 share price for AerCap and any adjustment in that value on closing will reflect the change in the AerCap share price and will be recorded as a non-operating gain or loss on sale. Upon closing, AIG will receive net cash of about $2.4 billion, which will be held at the parent company available for general corporate purposes. Our retained 46% interest in AerCap will be held at the holding company and will be accounted for under the equity method of accounting, with the equity earnings from AerCap included in our other segment operating results. The lock up expiration on AerCap shares begins to phase out nine months following the closing date. We will be prudent in maximizing our value, as you have seen in our past dispositions of invested assets.  As part of the ongoing focus on capital management, as Bob mentioned, our board approved the 25% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.125 a share, and authorized the repurchase of additional shares with an aggregate purchase price of up to $1 billion. This gives us $1.4 billion of capacity. Turning to our financials on slide four, net income for the quarter was $2 billion and included several largely offsetting nonoperating items detailed on page six of our financial supplement. One such item, footnoted on page 6 of the financial supplement, relates to an impairment charge on our investment in life settlements totaling about $832 million before tax.  This charge was prompted by the continued underperformance relative to our mortality assumptions. Accordingly, we revised our future mortality assumptions and discount rates for valuation purposes. Overall, we expect this $3.6 billion portfolio to have a mid-single digits return. Our operating ROE for the quarter was 7.3%, in line with our full year of about 7.5%. Since our earnings are tax affected for purposes here, and we are not paying taxes to the U.S. government given our NOLs, our ROE, excluding the DTA, is about 190 points higher than that. Book value per share, excluding AOCI of $64.28, grew 11% from year-end 2012. Our operating results begin on slide five, and you can see solid growth in our insurance operating income from a year ago, and Peter and Jay will speak to their respective businesses.  The direct investment book and global capital markets earnings collectively were strong and a little over $600 million for the quarter and reflect market pricing due to their mark-to-market accounting treatment that can create some volatility from period to period. We expect these earnings to moderate over time as the portfolio winds down and the investments approach their expected recovery values. In addition, we continue to proactively and opportunistically reduce the direct investment books footprint. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we repurchased about $466 million worth of DIB-related debt, and during the first quarter of 2014 we reduced the direct investment book debt by a little over $2 billion through both the make whole call that we announced in December and open market purchase transactions.  All of this, using cash, would have been in the direct investment book specifically allocated for this purpose. At year-end, we had roughly $7.9 million of net asset value in the direct investment book in global capital markets.  Corporate expenses totaled about $213 million for the quarter, down from a year ago due to lower data center restructuring costs and other related expenses on restructuring costs. We expect corporate expenses would run at about $225 million to $250 million quarterly run rate in 2014.  Other expenses included a severance charge of about $265 million related primarily to the property casualty business and relates to our migration towards shared service centers, which Peter will speak to in his remarks. Also reported in other were $170 million of gains related to AIG real estate sales transactions.  Reported operating effective tax rate for the quarter was about 32%. Our current outlook for 2014 is an annual operating effective tax rate of somewhere between 31% and 32%. Slide six presents a summary of our DTA, which totals a little over $21 billion at year-end, up from just shy of $17 billion a year ago.  While our tax attribute related DTAs, i.e. the net operating loss carry-forwards and the foreign tax credits, have declined by about $1.4 billion through the utilization of the net operating losses, our net other DTLs and DTAs increased by almost $6 billion. The increase relates to the sale of securities with gains, transactions that resulted in tax basis step up, and a reduction in the unrealized appreciation of our AFS securities. In the fourth quarter, we recognized another $540 million of income related to the release of the valuation allowance on the capital loss carry-forwards. In aggregate, we have utilized roughly 86% of the capital loss carry-forwards. For the ROE calculation that normalizes for the tax attribute DTA, we subtract about $17 billion from stockholders equity. Turning to slide seven, you can see the impact of our capital management activity in 2013. During the quarter, we issued $1 billion of 10-year notes at a little over 4% interest and we repurchased some debt at the parent company in DIB totaling a little over $1 billion that had an average coupon of about 7.5%.  Including the DIB, when you take into account all the things weve done in 2013 with respect to our liability management and maturities, weve reduced our leverage by over $7 billion and reduced our annualized interest expense by roughly $350 million. On the equity side, during the quarter we distributed about $147 million in dividends to our shareholders and deployed just over $400 million towards the repurchase of 8.3 million shares. While the IFLC transaction impacted how active we were during the quarter, we remain focused on continued execution of our repurchase authorization. We will continue to be opportunistic in the future going forward towards our debt capital management as well.  As you can see on slide eight, our insurance operations remained a source of parental liquidity in that they sent $4.3 billion in dividends and distributions to the parent in the quarter, including $90 million of dividends from mortgage guarantee, its first dividend since 2010. For the full year, dividends and distributions totaled $8.9 billion, well above our expectation of the $4 billion to $5 billion weve talked about in the past. I would point out that the full year dividends from life and retirement included about $800 million related to litigation settlement proceeds received by life and retirement that were remitted up to the parent company. Additionally, $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter dividends from property casualty resulted largely from some restructuring activity weve been working on for quite some time. Our expectation for 2014 is to have dividends and distributions from the operating companies somewhere between $5 billion and $6 billion. In addition to these dividends, we expect tax sharing payments from the insurance companies, the parent, of approximately $1 billion in 2014 and roughly $2 billion in 2015, as the local insurance companies statutory NOL DTAs are utilized.  These dividends, combined with our capital management activities Ive mentioned earlier, resulted in parent cash short term investments and unencumbered securities of just over $13 billion as of the end of the quarter.  Included in parental liquidity is $5.9 billion related to the direct investment book in global capital markets, which is allocated for its future debt maturities and contingent liquidity stress needs. As weve indicated in the past, nearly 80% of the direct investment books liability will mature between now and the end of 2018.  And with that, Id like to turn the call over to Peter for comments on property casualty.
Peter Hancock : Thank you, David, and good morning everybody. Today Id like to discuss the highlights for the quarter and the year as well as our outlook for 2014. Let me begin by saying the year marked significant accomplishments that we believe are indicative of future direction. Our balanced approach to growth, risk, and profitability drove our business mix shift, our underwriting actions, and our capital management achievements. Were pleased with our progress, and look forward to continuing on our path towards increasing returns. Turning to slide nine, in the fourth quarter net premiums written grew 6% from a year ago, on a normalized basis, with growth coming from each of our major business lines. For the full year, net premiums written were over $34 billion, or up 4% on a normalized basis. In the quarter, commercial lines delivered net premiums written growth of 7%, with improvement in each product line. This is the first quarter in 2013 with a comparable top line comparison to casualty as theres no longer an impact from the global excess casualty quota share entered into in 2012. Specialty delivered the strongest top line improvement on a normalized basis from a year ago, with noteworthy growth in the Europe and Asia Pacific regions. Property also developed strong growth, both in the fourth quarter and full year. Our global property business is benefitting from significant international growth as we leverage our recently expanded in-house engineering capabilities and execute on our global approach to capital allocation.  Looking ahead to 2014, we expect continued growth across our businesses, including casualty, where the reunderwriting of our book is largely complete. We remain focused on retaining our highest quality business and see positive rate increase in the United States. Pricing continued to be positive, and largely exceeded loss cost trends. Global commercial rates increased 2.6% in the quarter, and the U.S. market continued to lead rate improvements with a 5% increase in the quarter. U.S. casualty led with a 6.5% increase, followed by U.S. financial lines, which were up 4.2% and U.S. property, at 3.7%.  Continued favorable underwriting trends were offset by increased severe losses in the fourth quarter. Improved underwriting results [in the last quarter of] the year were the result of our pricing actions, selection, technical underwriting, and investment in claims handling. Severe losses in the third and fourth quarters reflected higher frequency and severity and exposure growth following the low level of severe losses in the first half. Our full year severe losses were somewhat in excess of our expectations, but we expect a modest amount of volatility for the increased returns.  We expect to continue to see a decline in the actual [unintelligible] loss ratio, as a result of our underwriting improvements. Over the last three years, weve continued to manage down our gross exposure to catastrophes and refined our global approach to reinsurance, which has led to consolidation of our reinsurance purchases and a reduction in the number of counterparties and contracts. While we dont disclose all of our reinsurance programs, wed like to provide a few highlights that illustrate the role reinsurance plays in our business strategy. In our corporate cat program, which we renewed in the fourth quarter, the attachment point is $3 billion, and provides significant protection up to $5.5 billion for individual losses in the U.S. and Canada, and up to $4 billion for accumulation of losses worldwide. In 2013, we also continued our strategy of accessing the capital markets. During the year, as part of our cat program, we entered into two separate multiyear cat bond transactions providing combined reinsurance protection of $525 million. Our consumer business, which is presented on slide 11, underwent a transition in 2013, as we increased rates in Japan A&H and personal lines and engaged in further portfolio management in the United States. We continued selected growth in key markets. We experienced a higher level of travel and accident losses in the quarter, which we dont expect to be sustained given the short term nature of this business. Consumer remains on track for modest improvements in both growth and profitability in 2014. Additionally, the investments were making in Japan will help provide a more competitive operating platform and a lower cost structure in the long term.  And with Kevin Hogans new leadership, we look forward to executing on a strategy of targeted growth in markets where we can achieve meaningful scale and applying some of the principles that have worked well in commercial. We look forward to discussing more details of our consumer strategy over the coming months.  Two items of note in the quarter are the severance charge that was recorded in AIGs other operations and our reserve actions. The expense savings associated with the $265 million severance charge largely pertain to property casualty, and will emerge beginning in 2014 and become more significant in 2015.  However, for the full year 2014, the investments in the business will result in a relatively flat expense ratio compared to 2013. We began the final stage of the Fuji integration work in the second half of 2013, which will continue into the second half of 2015.  The cost of this initiative, which estimated to be approximately $250 million, when combined with our purchase price, still represents a meaningful discount to the fair value of the underlying assets and liabilities acquired. We believe the full integration of our Japanese business, which currently has an 8% market share, will position us well in the second-largest non-life insurance market in the world.  Slide 13 presents prior year development for the fourth quarter and full year. We continue to review our reserves quarterly and take timely action to address changes in development trends. In the fourth quarter, we added $225 million to our pre-2004 runoff environmental reserves, based on our updated review. Our analysis of pollution products looked into individual cases which indicated large increases in the value of certain previously reported cases due to new developments such as the discovery of additional contamination in certain sites, legislative changes, court rulings, expansion of plaintiff damages, and increased cost of remediation technologies. In addition, there was a 1 point adverse impact to our current accident year loss ratio related to these multiyear runoff lines of the business.  In the fourth quarter, we obtained approval from our Pennsylvania regulator to better align payout pattern and mortality assumptions for our excess workers compensation reserves, using our own experience and to utilize a more economic discount rate assumption for our primary workers compensation reserves.  These actions reflect our work with regulators over the course of the year and the significant analysis we completed to better model our runoff excess workers compensation book. For the quarter, the total net discount benefit was $325 million, which included a benefit of $647 million on excess workers compensation reserves and a charge of $322 million on primary workers compensation reserves. We also expect to record an additional workers compensation loss reserve discount benefit of approximately $100 million in the first quarter of 2014, associated with the merger of internal pooling arrangements effected January 1, 2014. In the fourth quarter, we made $2.6 billion of cash dividend payments to the parent company and $4.1 billion for the full year. During 2013, we worked with our regulators to simplify our legal entity structure. We consolidated our U.S. and Bermuda insurance exposures into one U.S. pool, yet increased our diversification benefits. These restructuring transactions resulted in $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter of dividend payments to the parent company and $1.8 billion for the full year. Turning to slide 14, mortgage guarantees operating performance continues to improve, with operating income for the quarter of $48 million. Mortgage guarantee continues to benefit from its proprietary risk selection model and an improving housing market, with 59% of earned premiums generated by high quality business written after 2008. Mortgage guarantee closed the year at a record level of domestic [first lien] new insurance written of $49.4 billion. The delinquency ratio fell to 5.9% at the end of the quarter, representing the lowest level since the fourth quarter of 2007.  UGC continues to be strongly capitalized and holds an investment portfolio thats highly liquid, with 81% of the investments rated A or better. As the leading U.S. mortgage insurer, UGC currently insures 800,000 mortgages across the United States. Now Id like to return the call over to Jay to discuss life and retirement results.
Jay Wintrob : Thanks a lot, Peter, and good morning everyone. 2013 was a record year for AIG Life and Retirement, and we had our best year in top line results, generating nearly $29 billion in premiums and deposits and in delivering on the bottom line with $5.1 billion of pretax operating income. Turning to slide 15, operating income in the fourth quarter was $1.4 billion, up 29% from a year ago, due primarily to fee income growth, active spread management throughout the year, and higher net investment income. Returns on alternative investments were approximately $200 million above expectations and 52% higher than the prior year period, driving much of the increase in our net investment income. These results and our solid capital position enabled AIG Life and Retirement to distribute over $1.3 billion to the holding company this quarter and deliver full year dividends and loan repayments to AIG of more than $4.4 billion. Giving effect to these dividends, we still grew shareholders equity, ex-AOCI, by 11% to nearly $35 billion.  The success of our retail investment product strategy was a key driver of the significant increase in our sales volumes. Our all products, all channels distribution platform continues to generate outstanding results. Retail premiums and deposits grew 88% from the year ago quarter, reflecting growth across all of our investment products. Individual variable annuity sales were $2.3 billion for the quarter and $8.2 billion for the full year. We remain comfortable with this run rate of sales, particularly given the actions weve taken over the years to derisk this product. Fixed annuity sales increased over 90% in 2013, and sales in the fourth quarter were nearly four times what they were in the year ago period. Consumer demand for fixed annuities has improved from the year ago quarter, though sales have moderated somewhat from the third quarter, due to interest rates declining from peak levels reached last quarter and our related disciplined pricing actions. We also saw increased premiums and deposits in our institutional businesses, with growth in both group retirement and institutional markets on a year over year basis.  As of year-end, our assets under management were $318 billion, up 10% from year-end 2012. Over the course of the year, we saw improved net flows across all of our retail investment products, higher separate account balances, and an increase in institutional assets under management. Net flows in 2013 were nearly $4.6 billion, driven by the substantial sales improvement in our retail products that I just discussed. We continue to grow our stable value wrap business in the quarter, and saw a year over year increase of $14 billion in stable value wrap assets under management.  These sources of AUM growth more than offset the impact of rising rates on our invested asset portfolio and for the first time in four quarters, we experienced sequential growth in our general account asset balance. So overall, were pleased with the growth in assets under management were seeing across our portfolio of businesses. Slide 16 highlights the strong operating income results of our businesses. Retail operating income increased 37% versus the year ago quarter, as a result of enhanced spreads, growth in fee income on separate accounts, and higher net investment income. Institutional operating income increased 19% versus the year ago period and similarly benefited from crediting rate actions, higher fee income on separate accounts, and the higher net investment income.  The increases in net interest income were largely attributable to greater partnership returns and appreciation in hybrid securities, nonagency RMBS, and other invested assets accounted for using the fair value method. We also experienced better than expected mortality in our life insurance business, which contributed to the favorable year over year performance in the quarter. Our retirement income solutions business continued to grow profitably, with operating income up over 70% from the year ago quarter. Were seeing strong demand for our products, which we believe are differentiated in the market based on the income options we offer and our award winning customer service. Over the past almost four years, weve redesigned our products to reduce risk to AIG, and I think the strategy is paying off. In our retirement income solutions business, of our $24 billion of variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, 71% include benefits with strong derisking features such as the fixed indexing of our rider fees, volatility control funds, and required minimum allocations to the fixed account. Given its relative size, we view our variable annuity business as an opportunity to generate attractive returns, especially as competitors reduce their appetite for additional exposure while consumer demand for income solutions remains robust. Slide 17 shows our investment portfolio, composition returns, and yields. Net interest income benefited from the strong alternative investment returns in the quarter, as I mentioned earlier. Overall, the total portfolio base yield declined 4 basis points from the year ago period as we continued to invest premiums, deposits, and cash flow from the portfolio at new money yields below the overall base portfolio yield. Over the course of 2013, portfolio cash flow included proceeds from asset sales which generated significant tax gains in our fixed investment portfolio designed to utilize our capital loss carry-forwards. Since inception of our gains realization program to utilize those capital loss carry-forwards in 2012, our overall portfolio base yield has been negatively impacted by 13 basis points on an annualized basis as a result of the action Its worth noting, however, that our base yield increased 3 basis points sequentially, mainly attributable to increased income recorded on residential mortgage backed securities related to appreciation in the home price index as well as an increase in estimated future cash flows when compared to the prior quarter. Moving to slide 18, we continue to actively manage crediting rates, which is reflected in the decline in cost of funds for both our fixed annuities and group retirement businesses on both a year over year and sequential basis. Net spreads expanded for both fixed annuities and group retirement from the year ago period and the prior quarter. And at year-end, 73% of our fixed annuity and universal account values were at minimum guaranteed crediting rates. So in closing, 2013 was a strong year for AIG Life and Retirement, with record sales and profits. This year, we remain focused on executing against our strategic initiatives, which include growing our distribution organization and increasing the productivity of our wholesalers, affiliated agents, and financial advisors; leveraging our strong relationship with distribution partners to increase penetration of our broad retail product portfolio within firms; maintaining a leadership position and offering competitive and profitable retirement income solutions; and continuing to look for opportunities to grow our institutional businesses, where we can achieve the most attractive risk-adjusted returns. And with that, Ill turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A. 
Liz Werner: Thank you, Jay. Operator, can we open up the line for questions this morning? 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Well go first to Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith - UBS : Peter, Im just curious, with 2.5% or 2.3% kind of rate increases globally, do you think we can continue to see the magnitude of improvement in your loss ratios going forward?
Peter Hancock : Yes, we have a fair degree of confidence that the three-year trend of actually loss ratio improvement will continue. As you know, a lot of the improvement is baked into this year through renewals, so we have a high degree of confidence on that.
Brian Meredith - UBS : And is it coming maybe just mix instead of absolute rate, and thats why youre still getting the big improvement?
Peter Hancock : Its a combination of all the initiatives weve made to make sure that we have reunderwritten the books that were causing problems. So the U.S. casualty book has been substantially reunderwritten. Getting rate where we needed rate, investment in much, much tighter claims to reduce claims leakage. So its a whole combination of factors which have been underway for two years and are now starting to come through as we actually start to believe in the trends that have been established. 
John Doyle: I can add that we expect to see continued good growth in our commercial business in Latin America, in Asia ex-Japan, and as well as the Middle East and Africa. And that business continues to perform quite well from a loss ratio point of view. Weve also rolled up some new products around the world, that continue to contribute to an improved mix of business. So we expect the underwriting results on a normalized basis to continue to improve next year.
Brian Meredith - UBS : And then just quickly, on capital management, for David, as I look at your common equity this year, it was up a lot of $2.5 billion and then if you ex AOCI, it was up close to $8 billion. So Im just kind of curious, why arent we seeing more capital management, more share buyback? Or is that something we may be able to expect on the horizon [unintelligible] faster pace that weve seen?
David Herzog : As weve said before, weve remained, and do remain, committed to the $25 billion to $30 billion of overall capital management. To date, weve done about $20 billion. $16 billion or so of that is in common equity buybacks. Weve done some debt. Were increasing the dividend. I think the overall approach is to be prudent, to be deliberate and orderly about the pace at which we go. We want to, in the long term scheme of things, do this in an orderly way. And so were balancing the perspectives of many different stakeholders at the table, so the fact that were increasing our dividend, increasing or getting an additional share repurchase authorization, I think you should take as a sign of our confidence, our boards confidence, in the underlying financial underpinning of the company.  And as Ive said, we remain committed to the $25 billion to $30 billion of capital management between 2011 and 2015. So were going at a pace we think is appropriate. Bob, if you want to add any commentary to that, Id welcome that at this time.
Bob Benmosche : No, you said it exactly right. Keep in mind that, considering where weve been, and weve had the clear direction, we want to make sure we do this in a very thoughtful, routine, and prudent way.
Operator: And well go now to Mark Finkelstein with Evercore. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners : Peter, can you elaborate on the A&H losses and private client group losses in consumer please?
Peter Hancock : I think Ill ask Kevin Hogan to handle that one. So Kevin, why dont you discuss that? 
Kevin Hogan: Sure. Mark, these are primarily related to some wholesale travel business in the fourth quarter. There were some severe losses in travel delays. And then in the private client group also, there were a handful of losses associated with the severe weather. Weve taken appropriate underwriting actions across the portfolio in the U.S., throughout 2013, and we anticipate this to be a short term impact on the results. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners : And then I guess, also staying there, just thinking about the expense ratio. Youve kind of had the severance charges, but the outlook for the expense ratio in 14 is relatively flat, I think, if I heard those comments correctly. And I know in the past youve talked about expense ratio staying high through 14 into 15. What is the current thinking on when well start to see some of the infrastructure and the IT spend moderate and start to see the actual expense ratio coming down?
Peter Hancock : Well, the big expenditure in 2014 relates to Japan. As I mentioned, were spending about $250 million in fully integrating the Fuji acquisition into our AIU operation. And thats a spend that really started in July of last year, and will last through July 2015. So it really peaks this year as we make some very major investments in infrastructure and branch rationalization in Japan. So thats the big item.  And then offsetting that is a continuation of a process we started in 2011 of integrating the property casualty business into one seamless AIG as opposed to a number of separate profit centers with duplicative infrastructure. And so this year we will be really streamlining, removing excess layers of management in areas where theyre duplicative so that we can be as responsive to customers and grow and redeploy people and capital where the opportunities are greatest.  But I think that the expense ratio has been affected by a combination of these investments, as well as the reduced denominator of the shrinkage in the U.S. casualty business. So a bit of negative operating leverage occurring, which, as I mentioned, were getting top line growth again as we have reunderwritten the casualty book.  So I think we feel good about the outlook on the expense front, but I dont think theres going to be a dramatic change until 2015.
Bob Benmosche : Can I just add to that? I know were all focused on the expense ratio, but we need to focus on the accident year loss ratio and the growth of this business. And another thing, as Peter has talked about over the last year or two, is that weve invested heavily in an [engineering] center that will improve our ability to assess risk, investing huge amounts of money and time to get better data around underwriting intuition, and doing a better job there. Thats adding to the expense ratio.  When you look at money were spending to put in the fraud unit, subrogation units, in our claims area, all of this is adding expense and the benefit really of that is an improved and reliable and consistent accident year loss ratio. So you really have to think about the strategic work that hes talked about over the last two years and how youre seeing that benefit across the entire combined ratio.  And also, it takes a while into earn into the benefits of what were targeting. We just mentioned earlier today that the actual rates have to exceed the trends, and it takes a long time for trends to emerge. And I think youll see this continuing to progress over the next several years. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners : All very fair points. And just one very, very quick one, if I may, which is the increase in the statutory dividend that youre assuming for 14 over 13. Is that all from improvement in earnings, or is there more capital efficiency improvements at P&C, or any other items that are helping to improve that number?
David Herzog :  Its a combination of continued strength in earnings, so were continuing the generate the deployable capital, but there is some amount - I havent quantified it publicly - that were moving some higher than needed capital in some of the operating companies up to the holding company.  So were continuing to evaluate the amount of capital that were holding in the operating companies. We want to make sure weve got plenty of capital for our ratings, plenty of capital to maintain our competitive positioning and to fund growth, but the businesses are continuing to generate very substantial capital and we will migrate some of the capital ratios down a bit over time as we said we would do. 
Operator: Well go next to Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : You mentioned the accident year loss ratio being negatively impacted by some multiple year contracts. I didnt quite get that. That was one point. And then secondly, with your stock trading below book value, the capital that youll generate from the ILFC sale, should we assume that share repurchase will be a primary use of that capital?
Peter Hancock : Ill start on the first point and then Im going to probably enlist James Bracken to help if I flub the GAAP accounting treatment. Basically, these are contracts and policies written pre-2004. They were multiyear in nature, where because theyre multiyear and were receiving premiums still, it means that as claims get made, they appear in the current accident year. These are the discontinued business from pre-2004 that appears in the current accident year. Its an anomaly.
James Bracken: Just one clarification. That being earned, then, would [unintelligible] the premium, and think of them as multiyear claims made [follow through]. So they run for a number of years. Weve still got a bit through [unintelligible] and we still see some revenue recorded in the [MPE] line of the other segment, and some loss activity attaches to them, but it relates to the runoff business.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : And was that one point?
James Bracken: Yeah, one point to the total company [unintelligible].
Peter Hancock : Yeah, one point of actual year loss ratio, including the entire company.
Bob Benmosche : And as far as capital management is concerned, what weve seen all along is that our first priority is our credit ratings, because that speaks to our ability to live up to the promises that we make. So were worried about coverage ratio, debt management, and so on. We then said that we want to have some dividends to [unintelligible] back to our shareholders. But the primary goal, after those two have been achieved, is share buybacks.  So when ILFC closes, we will make a determination at that time, and well continue to evaluate our capital management program around our stress testing of the company, which is right now we do one starting in November and we do another one around May, and then we take a look at where the company is, where we think the issues are in the marketplace, and then it goes into the board, what we think is appropriate capital actions based on what we see at that time.  So as we get to the point, as David point out, the $25 billion to $30 billion, we can see the dividends coming up to the holding company, you can see the DTA beginning to get monetized. Our priority is to continue to maintain a strong company, while at the same time, given what makes sense to the shareholders, as quickly as we can. 
Operator: Well go next to Paul Newsome with Sandler ONeill. 
Paul Newsome - Sandler ONeill: I want to talk a little bit more about the expense in property casualty. I think maybe Id like to ask it in a big picture perspective. If you go back to AIG before its problems, this was a company that had a relatively low expense ratio and a pretty average loss ratio, and that was kind of how they made their money, by having a lower expense ratio than their peers. Today, were looking at a loss ratio which is much improved. It actually kind of looks a lot like peers, broadly speaking. But its an expense ratio thats higher. Is the goal here to have a business that is heavy on loss control and heavy on expenses, lower loss ratio over time? Or ultimately are we talking about a company that wants to make its competitive advantage once again in expenses?
Bob Benmosche : I think you should [unintelligible] us having a very competitive combined ratio, both loss ratio and expense ratio. I think thats what Peter is working towards. But you need to look at the loss ratio and look at it on an accident year basis, historically. If I go back to our releases, and the information we provided you, I dont know that the accident year loss ratio for those prior years looked at from this year would be what you saw.  So I think theres a difference. And if you back them in, which is what you need to do, prior year development, and you look at the prior year development over the last several years, and look at what weve had to do, you can see that the accident years were pretty high.  So what youre going to see is continued improvement in the loss ratio, continued improvement in underwriting and systems around underwriting, continued investment in technology so we have a very strong, bullet proof processing capability here at AIG thats state of the art, and then youll see your expense ratio start to come down and still see improvements in loss ratio.  But we need to continue to invest in a lot of tools to make sure that that loss ratio, five years from now, is what we said was in the [unintelligible] or slightly better. And so were building this company not only for 2014, but for 2018 and 2020. We really have to have a strong foundation for the future, and thats what were building here. 
Paul Newsome - Sandler ONeill : So to try to interpret, it sounds to me like your competitive advantage, if you achieve your goals, will ultimately be a better loss ratio than most, and an expense ratio thats maybe in line with your peers. Is that kind of the idea, big picture, long term?
Peter Hancock : I dont view either of these ratios as a source of competitive advantage. They are outcomes of what we do for our customers. So our competitive advantage comes by the expertise that we have and the risks that we take ourselves or help our customers to manage if they choose to retain them. 
 : And so as a result of that, were investing in what it takes to be experts, and that will lead to a higher expense ratio than was the case historically, but those historical expense ratios were also somewhat flattered by reinsurance strategies at large [seating] commissions, which we dont do on the same scale anymore. The other thing is, as Bob says, when you restated accident year loss ratios, 1980 to 2003, which were way above industry averages, and we never want to return to those sorts of underwriting standards. So were really sharpening up how we manage our risks so that we have a competitive combined ratio, as Bob says, and in a sustainable way, through the cycle.  And so the other thing were really focused on is a better tradeoff between profitability, growth, and risk, and we dont feel we are forced to grow top line in a soft market. So we want to get our fixed costs down, were focused on the mix between fixed costs and variable costs, so that we have the ability to scale back volume in a soft market, so we manage the cycle better in the future.
Operator: Well go next to Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein : Question I think for Peter and John perhaps, one of the two. When I look at commercial business, and I do some adjustments for severe losses and I think normalizing for the higher expenses in the quarter from incentives and stuff, I get to something like an underlying accident year ex-cat combined in commercial of maybe as low as a 92, which looks like a very nice improvement from last year and a lot of progress in total. And Im kind of curious, where are we going to get to on this number? When I look at peers, you can often see sort of high 80s ex-cat accident year combined ratio underlying numbers. And I think thats what you would need to get to your low 90s all in calendar year target. Is that a realistic end goal for this story?
John Doyle: We expect to continue to see, in 2014, accident year loss ratio improvement again normalize. Peter talked a bit about the severe losses in the quarter. They were slightly elevated relative to our expectations for the full year, a bit better than expected in the first half of the year and higher than expected, so that contributed to a slightly higher 2013 accident year result than we expected.  We talked about expenses. We do expect to see an improvement in the expense ratio over time, as Peter pointed out. We didnt mention shared service centers. We have some [unintelligible] work going on as we build out our shared services abilities in different parts of the world and in Europe and Asia and Colombia as well. So yes, we do expect to continue to see an improvement in the combined ratio results for commercial. 
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein : If I can ask sort of a different question for Kevin. Welcome back to the company, I think were all happy to have you hear. I want to talk about the consumer business. I know theres a lot of things going on, and weve talked about Japan, but in aggregate, results have been flat and the past couple of quarters on the loss ratio side have been a bit of a disappointment.  You referenced some things that youre doing more tactically, reunderwriting some of your pricing. Im wondering if you could give us some color on some specifics and the magnitude of actions that youre taking to [drag] margins over the next year or two. 
Kevin Hogan: The reality is that AIG has done a terrific job in the commercial underwriting area in the last couple of years and are a little bit ahead of some of the disciplines that were adopting in the consumer area, and the focus is on the large portfolios.  So in Japan we have been taking rate on some of the large auto portfolios as well as the core A&H businesses. And in the United States as well, were taking a hard look at the private [unintelligible] business state by state and have filed a number of rate adjustments in the homeowners and automobile businesses there. Were also in the process of introducing similar tools [that reps can use in] commercial in terms of the global raters and focusing on rate adequacies in the various portfolios, including those that are the strategic business expansion areas, where were introducing the appropriate technical skills from the get go in our [unintelligible] operations.  So growth is an important aspect of the consumer business as we try to generate a customer insight driven business, but we are doing it with the appropriate underwriting discipline and that is a very important part of our [unintelligible] focus. 
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein : A couple of times now weve heard from management suggesting the actuaries are lagging in recognizing the underwriting results improvement from underwriting in claims. Im wondering, Charlie, if you could give us some color on how youre doing the analysis, and are you using the faster report methods? Or are you kind of looking at lagging methods like the [unintelligible] and expected loss ratio? How much more would you characterize of margin improvement has yet to actually work through [unintelligible]?
Charlie Shamieh : I think Peters comments earlier really relate to a lot of the investments, especially in the claims area. And weve talked about, in workers compensation. So one of the key difficulties that actuaries have is that settlement patterns are changing, paids and incurreds are changing. And were getting much better case reserve information. And what Peters talking about is its very difficult sometimes to distinguish between that case reserve strengthening and whats really going on in the business.  But were certainly using a whole wide range of techniques that look forward and try to give appropriate credit for all the investments that the claims team is making in those initiatives. And I think with more track record on the page in incurreds, the confidence in that increases, and really thats what Peters talking about, the statistical credibility that we give. One or two years of emergence would be better.  And the only other statistic Id give you is that weve reached today an inflection point where over the last two years, if you consider the reunderwriting of the casualty book, we now have just over 50% of our reserves are coming from the better underwriting that Peter and John talked about earlier. And so as that increases, I think youll also see an actual improvement in future periods as the quality of the underwriting comes through and becomes a higher percentage of over reserves.
Operator: Well go next to Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan : First, a question for David. Maybe if you could just talk about where you are on your interest coverage ratio now, and what your aspiration is? And then second, for Peter, on the accident year loss ratio, maybe if you could discuss the reasons for the deterioration in the loss ratio this quarter. You mentioned 1 point because of the 2004 and pre-04 business, but even with that, it would have been worse than previously. And then Im not sure if you quantified the benefit of the cost savings plan and the severance plan that you just announced, but if you could maybe just talk about how much you expect to save on that once it starts to fully reflect in your results this year or next year.
David Herzog: There are three things Id want to sort of leave you with respect to our debt capital management as it ties into our focus on coverage ratios. One is we did achieve the goals we had set out for 2013 vis--vis the coverage ratio and interest expense run rate savings. So again, we did it opportunistically and struck a balance of being able to allocate capital to share buyback, dividends, as well as share repurchase. So, again, point one, 2013 goals met.  Secondly, with respect to the direct investment book and the liability management that Brian Schreiber and the team are overseeing, we funded that with cash that was allocated in the DIB very specifically for that purpose. So those proceeds, or the funds we used for that, had no effect, essentially, on cash or capital we have available for share buyback or other forms of equity capital management.  And again, well continue to look to optimize the value of the direct investment book over time. And as I said, 80% of its gone at the end of 2018. If we can accelerate that without sacrificing guidance, we certainly will.  And thirdly, then, the point being we continue to generate deployable capital, again 5 to 6, plus the tax sharing payments. I would look for us to continue to, very opportunistically, focus on debt capital management as it presents itself. I think I would expect we would continue to make progress on our coverage ratio, primarily through earnings improvements, but also from time to time we will look at capital management, debt buybacks, etc., as they present themselves. So really, as Bob said, were focused on our ratings, and well strike an appropriate balance. We havent set any specific targets for 2014. I think, again, were in a pretty solid place based on what we did in 2013.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan : But it doesnt seem like youre done reducing your debt, maybe not as much as before, but you still expect to reduce debt a little bit?
David Herzog : I think well continue to be opportunistic in how we think about it. So I wouldnt give you any specific targets of what we will do or wont do, but again, well be opportunistic. We want to focus on continued improvement in the coverage ratio. And I think we can do that primarily through earnings, but well look at other ways to approach that. 
Peter Hancock : I will just give you a quick answer on the timing of expense saves related to the severance, which is we really have not disclosed the precise savings that we expect in the calendar year 2014, because we want to be extremely thoughtful about the way we execute what is effectively around an organizational streamlining to better serve our customers, where were not approaching this with a finite sort of deadline during the course of the year. We want to make absolutely sure that we execute this in a way that makes us better serve our customers. And so were being quite thoughtful about the execution.  So we have a broad range of ideas. I think its sufficient to say that we think we will maintain an expense ratio thats fairly stable this year, but were not disclosing precise numbers nor quarterly schedule of savings. On the accident year loss ratio, as Bob says, this is a business that zigs and zags, and to understand which of those zigs and zags are noise and which ones are signal, you need to dig a little bit under the surface to normalize severe storms and so one quarter to quarter, and I think thats probably best done offline in a follow up discussion with James.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan : Sure. And maybe if I could just ask one more quick question. On the AerCap stock, obviously its gone up a lot in value. Have you thought about hedging your position, and are there any limitations on you doing that if you wanted to?
Bob Benmosche : Were not going to talk about ILFC. Once it closes, well be glad to talk about what the options are, but lets get to closing, and then well know what we can talk about. 
Operator: Our last question today will come from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse : Just a quick one for David. The $5 billion to $6 billion of annual dividends that youre expecting out of the insurance companies now, I guess the run rate had been $4 billion to $5 billion. So we should expect that for the next two years, from a visibility standpoint? Is that the goal? And then you would add on the DTA utilization on top of that? And so if those numbers are correct, the high end of that would be $8 billion by 2015? Is that the right math?
David Herzog : I think Ill limit my remarks to 2014. Thats the commentary that I want to share with you and the investment community, because thats the line of sight that we want to provide. As I said before, if we continue to generate deployable capital, we want to maintain first and foremost strong capital positions in our operating companies, and as they continue to generate capital, well give you as much insight into that as possible. Again, I think the DTA payments, as Ive said, are roughly $1 billion in 2014 and $2 billion in 2015, and it will go from there. And so there will be a very substantial cash flow to the holding company. Again, the $4 billion to $5 billion is what we said back in 2011 when we reintroduced the company, and thats a very solid foundation, but again, we see opportunities to redeploy some capital thats above and beyond the levels we need to hold at those operating companies. And thats what we want to do, get it up to the holding company, so that its most fungible at that level.
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse : And I was just a little confused about the $4 billion or so of dividends that were taken up in Q4 from the insurance companies. Can you just reconcile where the $4 billion went? Because if I look at holdco cash and investments, they were up by a small fraction of that. Where did the full $4 billion go?
David Herzog: Very fair question. One of the things we did was we improved the diversification of the capital in a couple of operating companies through some internal restructurings we did with the life settlement portfolio. So we accelerated some cash out of the opcos as we used that cash to improve the diversification of some of the capital. The punch line is it had no effect on the level of capital or cash we had available at the holding company for capital management or other general corporate purposes. So thats really where it went. So almost $2 billion of it went for that, so it was some internal improvements we made. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse : And then one last one from me, for Kevin. Just on the comments on increasing rates in Japan A&H and auto, can you just comment on whats happening there? Because I just want to know, is this keeping pace with loss cost trends, because you obviously had cited travel and accident. I dont know if thats specifically related to it, or should we expect the rate youre getting to actually improve margin?
Kevin Hogan :  The actions that were taking in Japan are really related to an overall portfolio review [unintelligible] fire and marine, relatively reducing acquisition. Weve taken an extensive review, and this is really a primary area where we have improved our selection parameters and rate. And we have seen an improvement in the overall profile of the results as a result.  In terms of the A&H business, its more of a reflection of responding to some changing trends in the underlying results in the marketplace, and I believe what we will see is an improved underwriting result as we go forward.
Liz Werner: Thank you, everyone for joining us this morning, and well certainly be happy to take all of your other follow up questions, and were all here, so please feel free to reach out. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Werner - IR Bob Benmosche - President and CEO David Herzog - CFO Peter Hancock - CEO of AIG Property Casualty Jay Wintrob - CEO of AIG Life and Retirement John Doyle - CEO, AIG Property Casualty Mary Jane Fortin - CFO, AIG Life and Retirement [William Dooley - EVP, Investments & Financial Services and CEO, Asset Management] [Brian Schreiber - EVP, Treasurer] 
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Adam Klauber - William Blair Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome to this American International Groups third quarter financial results conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. At now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, head of investor relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Werner:   Thank you, and good morning everyone. Welcome to AIGs discussion of third quarter 2013 results. Speaking today will be Bob Benmosche, President and CEO; David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property & Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and will be available for the question and answer period. Before we get started this morning, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events.  Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our third quarter and second quarter 2013 Form 10-Qs and our 2012 Form 10-K, under managements discussion and analysis and under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIGs website, www.aig.com. Now, Id like to turn our call over to Bob. 
Bob Benmosche : Thanks, Liza, and good morning everybody. This is another solid quarter for AIG and we clearly have said were going to work on making sure that you see consistent and improving earnings of the company over time, and I think you see that in our operating numbers for the insurance companies in particular. Id also like to welcome Kevin Hogan. As you know, we have held the position of the consumer group open under Peter Hancock. We have waited for Kevin to return. A 24-year veteran of AIG, having run much of the consumer businesses over that career, and were pleased to have him back. So Kevin, welcome back and were looking forward to you talking to our investors next quarter on the progress youre making on the consumer side. Before we get into the numbers, first about ILFC, we continue to work with the consortium that has been working with us over the almost past year. We still feel that while theyre making slow progress, they are making progress, but this quarter accounting suggests that we have to think about whether this can continue to be a discontinued op and some other accounting rules, so were really thinking hard about if we cant get this transaction closed this quarter, then we may want to commit to a path of IPO for next year and not continue to carry it the way were carrying it on our books. So thats a decision we hope to make in this fourth quarter. However, we still feel that theres a good chance this transaction can close as is.  On the aspirational goal comment that I made yesterday, and we want to talk about today, clearly when we did our re-IPO in May of 11 there was some serious concern in the marketplace, could AIG survive and continue to grow and thrive? And we put together some key points that we felt we needed to all work towards to give you the confidence that we can, in fact, return to a very strong company. And we have been committed to those aspirational goals and we are still committed to those aspirational goals, and this entire company is working towards achieving that. However, as we get closer to 2015, we feel that comments going forward are more like guidance rather than the direction were all working towards. And so we are going to stop making comments on that progress towards the aspirational goals we are still, as I said, committed to them, but were not sure whether well get them done by 2015. And so once we get closer, and beginning to comment on it, thats where the theory of guidance comes into play. So I do want you to understand we are committed to them, were working hard to get there, and well get there as quickly as we can. So, let me move to page three and talk about capital management and liquidity. You see our liquidity continues to be strong were continuing to focus on our coverage ratio, which is what we said we would do in terms of buying back debt, but were also issuing debt where it makes sense for the future, and looking at our future trendlines in terms of when debt is coming due.  We also declared a dividend for the quarter, so were back doing that. And in the middle of the quarter, we were able to start our buyback program after we received authorization to do so. So capital management continues to be strong, and you can see also the dividends flowing into the holding company continue to be strong, as weve said before. On the property-casualty front, continued progress on loss ratio, when you look at the trendline. Remember thats not a linear line, and its a line that will up-down a little bit each quarter. The main thing is to look at its pattern over time and it looks very good and continues to look good. We continue to get rate change in the segments that make sense to get it. Our premiums are actually growing in spite of whats reported, because primarily its reported down because of the currency exchange between the dollar and the yen, where we have such a big business in Japan. And during the quarter, while we are supposed to have big cats, but sometimes we have little cats, and we also have severe losses and Peter will talk about that. So it was a modest quarter of what I would call catastrophes and severe losses.  The mortgage guarantee business continues to show its strength after we redesigned its risk selection model. And so today almost 55% of our premiums are in that new model. That is throwing off good, steady earnings on the legacy book. Delinquencies are down slightly. However, keep in mind in almost every 5% of those who are delinquent have been delinquent before and [they cure]. It seems that people just cant keep up with the time limits of their payments, but so far theyre still keeping up with the mortgage overall. On life and retirement, a very strong quarter of sales. Jay will talk about that. Good net flows as well. Very good pricing on the products that are being offered out there. And so were feeling very confident on that part of the business as well. So, overall, I think all of AIG is performing well, and that gives us the confidence to look forward to the things we have to do as a company. So let me turn it over to David, who will take you through some more details.
David Herzog : Thank you, Bob, and good morning everyone. As Bob mentioned, our insurance operations delivered a solid operating earnings of about $2.2 billion and we continue to execute on our capital management plans. And our businesses continue to work towards growing their risk-adjusted returns. As we have said in the past, ILFC remains a noncore asset and is accounted for as held for sale, given our plans to monetize it through a sale or an IPO. We have already written ILFC down to a fair market value and this quarter, when ILFC files their results with the SEC, they will have completed their annual aircraft impairment review. This review resulted in a $1.1 billion impairment from older out of production aircraft, but this impairment has no effect on AIGs carrying value of ILFC. Further to Bobs comments on our work towards our long term goals, weve made good progress on deploying capital. Weve deployed $18 billion in capital through equity buybacks, a combination of equity buybacks, debt capital management, and the reestablishment of our common stock dividend. And importantly, we remain focused on generating deployable capital with distributions from our insurance operating companies of about $4.6 billion year to date through the third quarter. Weve made good progress on our expenses, but weve still got a lot to do in terms of investing in our infrastructure and our growth opportunities. Weve also made good progress on improving our ROE and are committed to our strategies. You can see the progress weve made in reducing the accident year loss ratio in property-casualty, which has declined roughly 3 points annually over the last couple of years. Turning to our financials, on slide 4, net income for the quarter was $2.2 billion, and included an after-tax provision $260 million for legacy litigation matters as a result of current period developments.  We also determined that recently identified tax planning strategies met the prudent and feasible criteria and we released, through income, about $900 million of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance relating to our capital loss carry-forwards. Our capital gains taking program has allowed us to realize roughly 63% of our capital loss carry-forwards. In addition, we also released about $300 million of valuation allowance from foreign DTAs. Our operating ROE for the quarter was 6.2% and was 7.6% for the first nine months. Since our earnings are tax-affected and we are not paying U.S. taxes given our NOLs, our ROE, excluding the DTA would be about 130 basis points higher. Book value per share, excluding AOCI, was $62.68, up 8.3% from year-end. Our operating results begin on slide five, and you can see the solid growth in our insurance operating income from a year ago. Strong fundamentals are driving our business.  Property-casualty comparisons are driven by accident year loss ratio improvements and lower cats, and continued benign prior year reserve development. Mortgage guarantee continues to benefit from improving housing market and risk selection.  Life and retirement earnings were about $1.14 billion, reflecting continued disciplined spread management and lower alternative investment returns, offset by net favorable DAC unlocking from the annual assumption review. Life and retirement premiums and deposits were very strong, totaling $8.4 billion. Peter and Jay will discuss these results further in their remarks. The direct investment book in global capital markets earnings collectively were $139 million in the quarter, reflecting continued appreciation in the portfolios, albeit at a somewhat slower pace from the first two quarters of this year. As we have stated in the past, the direct investment book in global capital markets results are impacted by market pricing due to their mark-to-market accounting treatment and earnings can thus vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Corporate expenses in the quarter reflect our ongoing infrastructure buildout. A year ago, we benefited from an expense credit relating to the monetization of the U.S. Treasury stake in AIG, so the comparison is not straightforward. Our reported operating effective tax rate for the quarter was 18% and reflected a favorable tax settlement and related discrete items for about $200 million. Excluding this benefit, the effective tax rate was more like 32%, and we expect our annual effective tax rate to be roughly 31%. Turning to slide six, you can see the impact of capital management activity year to date. In the quarter, we issued $1 billion of seven-year notes at just shy of 3.4%, and also in the quarter we repurchased or redeemed in the quarter, and thus far in the fourth quarter, $1.1 billion with an average coupon of about 5.7%. In October, we also issued $1 billion of 10-year notes.  Including the direct investment book, when you take into account our year to date liability management and our full year maturities, were on pace to reduce our leverage by over $6.5 billion and reduce our annualized interest expense by roughly $325 million. On the equity side, we distributed $147 million in dividends to our shareholders and deployed just over $190 million, repurchasing 4 million shares. We will continue to be opportunistic in our debt capital management going forward and we will continue to deploy our existing unused share repurchase authorization in an orderly way.  As you can see on slide seven our insurance operations remain a source of parental liquidity as they sent $1.9 billion in dividend and distribution to the parent, and as I mentioned earlier, $4.6 billion year to date.  These dividends, combined with the impact of our capital management activities I mentioned earlier resulted in parent cash and unencumbered securities of $12.7 billion at the end of the quarter. Included in the parent liquidity is $5.9 billion related to the direct investment book, which is allocated for future debt maturities and contingent liquidity stress needs. As weve indicated in the past, nearly 80% of the direct investment books liabilities mature by the end of 2018.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Peter for comments on property-casualty. 
Peter Hancock : Thank you, David, and good morning everyone. Before I begin my comments on the quarter, let me echo Bobs comments about Kevin Hogans return to AIG. Kevins the right leader to grow our market leading global consumer business, including life, and I believe they will prosper under his very strong leadership.  AIG property-casualty results in the third quarter reflect our consistent focus on underwriting improvements and targeted growth. The current quarter benefited from modest catastrophe losses, our ongoing shift in business mix, increasing pricing, and enhanced risk selection, partially offset by elevated severe losses and alternative investment returns that were lower than our expectation. As we discuss the quarters results today, Ill highlight our focus on balancing growth, risk, and profitably. Turning to slide eight, net premiums written grew 3% on a normalized basis. This growth is consistent with our expectations for 2013, as we continue to be disciplined in our underwriting and opportunistic in our pricing actions.  The accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes, declined by 3 points from the year ago quarter, reflecting continued progress improving our business mix and risk selection. Weve said in the past that there would be quarterly volatility in the accident year loss ratio, and this quarter we experienced severe losses of $211 million, which are concentrated in seven property losses largely outside of the United States. We continue to expect improvement in our underwriting results.  Pre-tax operating income of over $1 billion included lower catastrophe losses of $222 million versus $261 million a year ago. Catastrophe losses related to multiple perils around the world including Colorado flooding, wildfires, and European weather events, but no major U.S. windstorms. Our reserves remain stable and net adverse development was $72 million in the quarter compared to $145 million a year ago, a benign level given our $63-plus billion of reserves overall.  Turning to slide nine, commercial insurance continued to progress in reshaping its portfolio across products and geographies. Excluding casualty, top line growth was 9%, and as you know, we have been reunderwriting our casualty book, thus overall commercial top line growth was a net 2%. We grew in risk-adjusted profitably accretive lines - or RAP accretive lines - and regions, including property, financial lines, and specialty, while continuing to reduce exposure to U.S. casualty and certain European liability segments. Rate increases globally for commercial lines were 3.4% and the North American market continues to lead rate improvement with a 5.5% rate increase in the quarter. U.S. casualty led with a 7.3% rate increase while U.S. financial lines increased 5.8% and U.S. property increased 9%. We have also used highly differentiated rate to improve our retention strategies, and as a result, retention is higher among our higher quality risks. Our commercial accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes, was down 4 points from the prior year to 66.2%, despite a $91 million increase in severe losses as we see a sustained benefit from our enhanced risk selection, pricing discipline, exposure management, and claims management.  The sequential trend was impacted by severe losses, which demonstrates the volatility within any one quarter. Turning to slide 10, consumer net premiums written grew by 4% on a normalized basis.  Consumer growth was driven by momentum through multiple distribution channels. Accident and health net premiums written reflected declines in the U.S., offset by growth in Asia, while personal lines grew 7% on strong growth in the U.S. Profitability in the quarter was negatively impacted by retail warrantee losses in the U.S. We have taken actions to improve rates and amend terms and conditions which should return margins to target levels promptly. Slide 11 illustrates our investment portfolio mix and quality, while the low interest rate environment and alternative investment returns affected net investment income in the quarter, we continued to be pleased with our overall returns and are satisfied with our strategic asset allocation. In the quarter, we made a $716 million dividend payment to the parent and expect to contribute our planned dividends for the remainder of the year. As we look at our nine-month performance, our continued focus on balancing growth, risk, and profitability has delivered almost $1 billion of high-quality additional operating profit from a year ago. Turning to slide 12, our mortgage guarantee business reported operating income of $43 million, which represented another quarter of improving profitability and growth in new business. Mortgage guarantee continued to benefit from its proprietary risk selection model and an improving housing market, with 55% of earned premiums generated by high-quality business written after 2008. Delinquency fell to 6.4% at the end of the quarter for a one-third reduction compared to the third quarter of last year. UGC continues to be strongly capitalized and holds an investment portfolio thats highly liquid, with 85% of the investments rated A or better. As a leading U.S. mortgage insurer, UGC currently insures 780,000 mortgages across the country. Now Id like to turn the call over to Jay to discuss life and retirement results. 
Jay Wintrob : Thank you, Peter, and good morning to everyone. Im going to begin on slide 13, where you can see that AIGs life and retirement delivered another strong quarter from both a top line and bottom line perspective. Operating income was $1.1 billion in the third quarter, up 38% from a year ago. The year over year comparisons were impacted by several items in each period, including a net positive unlocking of assumptions in the current quarter versus a charge in the year ago quarter, primarily related to our [GIC] portfolio and other liabilities. Even after adjusting for these items, we delivered bottom line growth in the quarter with positive comparisons across the majority of our product segments. Strong fundamental trends, including variable annuity fee income growth and continued enhancement of profitability through active spread management were key contributors to our favorable earnings comparison.  The third quarter highlighted the strong cash generation capacity of our business. As David mentioned, AIG life and retirement distributed $1.2 billion to the parent this quarter, bring our year to date dividends and loan repayments to more than $3.1 billion.  This reflects both our solid capital position and the strong profitability of our businesses across multiple product segments. And even after the payment of dividends, we grew shareholders equity, ex-OCI, by $2.2 billion since year-end 2012, ending the quarter at $33.8 billion in shareholders equity ex-OCI.  We continue to experience strong sales momentum, and this quarter achieved our highest level of sales in life and retirements history. Innovation product design, favorable market conditions, and increasing effectiveness of our distribution strategy all contributed to a 118% increase in retail premiums and deposits from the year ago period. Sales increased across all retail investment products, from both the prior quarter and the year ago period. Surrender rates also declined sequentially across all product lines. Individual variable annuity and retail mutual fund sales momentum continued, reaching $2.4 billion and $1.6 billion respectively, for the quarter. We also saw meaningful acceleration in fixed annuity sales, which reached nearly $1.2 billion in the quarter. Growth in institutional premiums and deposits was driven by a midsized pension buyout case and a large group retirement plan takeover in the quarter. Additionally, we closed on $5.3 billion of stable value wrap business in the quarter, bringing total stable value wrap assets under management to approximately $19 billion at the end of the quarter. Net interest income declined 5% in the quarter, largely due to lower than expected alternative investment returns and the continuing impact of reinvesting at rates below our current portfolio yields. However, while reinvestment rates were lower than current portfolio yields, they have increased sequentially for the past two quarters. We continue to be opportunistic in our investing strategy and seeing attractive opportunities across various asset classes.  Operating income benefited from the increase in fee income as well as our ongoing strategy of active crediting rate management to enhance profitability in both our retail and institutional spread businesses. Additionally, a net positive adjustment of $118 million related to the review of gross profit assumptions and an associated positive unlocking, is reflected in operating income for the quarter. Assets under management increased 10% from a year ago as a result of growth in both the retail and institutional businesses, demonstrating the value of our diversified business model. Sales momentum and strong equity markets contributed to growth in retirement income solutions, retail mutual funds, and group retirement assets. Net flows from these products and our fixed annuities business were $2.5 billion in the quarter, or an increase of nearly $3 billion versus the year ago quarter. All product lines contributed to this favorable trend, with the majority of the improvement driven by the increase in fixed annuity sales and continued strength of variable annuities and retail mutual fund activity. In the institutional markets, as previously mentioned, the development of the stable value wrap business added over $19 billion in AUM over the past year, all with contractual fees and investment limitations on the wrapped assets, well within our targeted pricing and terms.  With the quarters rise in interest rates, we did see the unrealized gain position in our invested asset portfolio modestly decline. This decline partially offset a portion of the increases in AUM we experienced from the improved net flows. Overall, were pleased with the growth in AUM we are seeing across our portfolio of businesses. Slide 14 highlights the diversity and scale of our businesses. Retail operating income increased 54% versus a year ago, primarily due to growth in fee income on separate accounts, as well as credit and rate actions, which together contributed approximately $100 million of the increase in earnings. Retail earnings also benefited by $198 million from net positive adjustments related to our review of gross profit assumptions, principally due to differences in our yield and mortality assumptions versus our models. Institutional operating income increased 7% and also benefited from higher fee income on separate accounts and crediting rate actions.  These positive trends in our institutional business were partially offset in the quarter by lower net investment income as well as an $80 million negative unlocking adjustment related to our group retirement business as a result of lower investment yields previously assumed in our DAC models. The comparison to the year ago period is also affected by a $110 million charge related to our GIC portfolio that we took in the third quarter last year.  Our sales trends continue to reflect strong consumer demand and increased distribution penetration for our investment products. In fixed annuities, crediting rates have risen in line with market interest rates, making this product more attractive when compared to competing bank and short term fixed income products. Consequently, we are seeing volume growth while continuing to achieve increases in our target returns. Our $1.2 billion in fixed annuity sales is a high for the past seven quarters, and is consistent with the improvement in the market overall. Fixed annuity sales moderated with the recent pullback in market interest rates in October, but continue to be at levels higher than the first and second quarters of this year.  Were pleased with current pricing conditions and look forward to continued fixed annuity sales momentum, assuming a modestly rising interest rate environment. Our retirement income solutions business continues to grow profitability, and we remain comfortable with our sales run rate.  By offering a product to the consumer that is competitively priced and meets their income and investment needs, with terms and conditions conservatively designed to enable us to manage our risk effectively, weve been able to grow our book of individual variable annuity business in a controlled and profitable manner.  At quarter end, our variable annuity account value, including both fixed and separate accounts, was $35 billion in our retirement income solutions business and over $54 billion in our group retirement business. And as an update to last quarter, of our $25 billion of VAs with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, 63% are in benefits with strong derisking features such as VICs indexing of fees, volatility control fund requirements, and required minimum allocations to the fixed account.  So the combination of a relatively small legacy block and enhanced risk controls in our current features has allowed us to capitalize on opportunities when competitors have chosen or been forced to pull back from the market. Finally, slide 15 and 16 depict our investment portfolio composition, returns, and yields. Overall base yields declined slightly in the quarter as a result of the impact of investment purchases made yields lower and the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio. At the same time, weve actively managed down crediting rates over the course of the year, which is reflected in the lower cost of funds for both our fixed annuities and group retirement businesses. Overall, spreads expanded for both fixed annuities and group retirement from the prior year. At the end of the third quarter, about three-quarters of our fixed annuities and universal life account values were at minimum guaranteed crediting rates, and we remained focus on managing spreads actively.  To sum it up, were pleased with our solid earnings, strong sales, improving net flows, and level of cash distributions to AIG through the first nine months of the year. We remain focused on executing our growth strategies by leveraging our strong relationships with distribution partners to increase profitable sales of our broad product portfolio across all channels, while continuing to look for opportunities to grow our business where we can achieve the most attractive risk-adjusted returns. And with that, Ill turn it back to Liz to open things up for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] We will hear first from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: I guess one question, Bob, maybe on ILFC I guess. If its not resolved immediately, does that imply it could come back on the balance sheet and could that complicate the SIFI review process at all?
Bob Benmosche : I dont think it would complicate any SIFI process whatsoever. I think its a noncore asset. We would continue to divest and deconsolidate it, and well do that in as rapid a time as it makes sense financially for the company to do it. With what the value of that company is, we know whats been accomplished, and when you refinance almost $20 billion of debt and do it in a way that gives us a very tight match between cash flows and debt maturities and so on, I think its a property that we can divest of. But Ill have David talk about the actual accounting.
David Herzog:  There are two things, one on the balance sheet held for sale, thats one accounting judgment, and then theres another judgment we make with respect to discontinued operations. And those are two different judgments. Connected, but theyre two different judgments. And the held for sale treatment is pursuant to our plan. We have a plan, we are pursuing the plan. It includes pursuit of the jumbo transaction, but there are other interested parties as weve said, as well as an IPO alternative. So theres a solid basis for the held for sale. And then the question is, on discontinued operations, depending upon the ultimate disposition path, we need to make a determination whether or not we will have significant continuing involvement. And that will be a facts and circumstances judgment that well make, and well continue to evaluate facts and circumstances. So its the held for sale. Its not going to come back on balance sheet, and so now its just a matter of how we go about divesting it.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs : And on partnership returns, you noted in your disclosure that returns were impacted negatively by equity markets, but Im trying to remember the lag. I think youre either three months or one month, depending on the investments. Equity market has been very strong. I was trying to understand, even not relative to last year but just relative to sort of a run rate, the returns [unintelligible]. Im just trying to get a better understanding for how we should think about that.
David Herzog : The partnerships are a quarter lag, and hedge funds are a month lag. Private equity partnerships are a quarter lag. Bill, anything to add? 
[William Dooley - EVP, Investments & Financial Services and CEO, Asset Management]: As far as the years concerned, first of all these returns arent linear each quarter, so theyre a little lumpy. Our goals are somewhere between 8% to 10%. And already this year were close to our annual goal on the return on these assets.  So even though this quarter was lighter than the previous quarters this year, were still very confident in it, and as David said, the hedge fund part of the portfolio is in the books already. We just dont know what it is, because we need the information flows to come in, and the hedge funds have one month to go.  And there is a correlation between that and the markets, and you guys can judge from where the markets are today how the quarters going to line up. But I think that asset class is certainly performing the way we expect it to. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs : If we did that math backwards, though, I guess we wouldnt quite get there, and I wonder is the 8% to 10% return goal against the backdrop of a market that has risen as much as equity markets have risen this year, and this could be just a wrong assumption, but that that would kind of gradate with the underlying return in the equity markets, not be sort of kind of a fixed return threshold.
[William Dooley - EVP, Investments & Financial Services and CEO, Asset Management]: No, its not a fixed return threshold. As I said before, these returns arent linear, and the type of funds that we invest in depending on the volatility of the fund, the risk associated with the funds, we try to maintain 8% to 10%. And as I said, were in good shape through the first three quarters to attain those goals. 
Operator: And now well take the next question from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein : A question for Peter if I may. Youve made a lot of progress in commercial lines in particular. Im wondering if we could talk a bit more about consumer. When I think about these businesses, most of them are structurally more attractive in your consumer lines - the lower elasticity, lower risk, and not really as broken.  But you havent thus far been getting a ton of margin momentum, and recognize this is partially youre investing in growth and maybe some other is just getting the team in order. Im wondering if you can walk us through a bit more granularity what you guys intend to do to actually drive the consumer combined ratio to a low-90s number, and sort of what the realistic trajectory of that would be to play through. 
Peter Hancock : I think that the first thing to remind everybody is how much of our consumer business is in Japan. And so whats going on there is a major merger integration effort between Fuji Fire Marine, AIU, and an integration of many capabilities which will improve the expense picture on by far the largest consumer operation we have.  So that is certainly progressing well, and we expect that to improve the margins in what is a large and stable book of business. But its not growing that fast obviously, with the demographics in Japan as they are. The one exception there is the excitement we have about Fuji Life, and so we see good growth there as we rebuild the life business, taking advantage of the aging population in Japan.  The other dimension is the investments that were making in building a firm foundation for scalable growth in emerging countries. And Id say that there are three large emerging countries which weve been investing quite heavily in over the last year, where we have taken perhaps a little longer than expected to build the platform that we wanted and get the sales kicked off at the rate that wed like, but we have still a high degree of confidence that those platforms will performance fairly promptly. So slightly delayed startup in three large emerging markets, which were investing in. And then the USA&H story, somewhat negative for a variety of reasons that are kind of one-offs, but weve got other quite good growth momentum on the consumer side, especially on the extended warranty side despite the short term profitability issue that we talk about in this quarter on one particular extended warranty program.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs : Bob, if I could switch to sort of a bigger topic, we all get that you dont want to provide guidance, and the aspirational goals were stretch goals back in 2010, but youve since made a lot of progress against them. And so when you say - I think Im getting this right - that were not sure well get them done by 2015, investors just wonder what to expect.  And recognizing youre not going to give guidance, there were, I think, fundamentally three big pieces to the aspirational goals: driving ROE 10%, returning capital of $25 billion to $30 billion, and investing to get some growth and rebuild the franchise. Im wondering if you could at least give us some directional sort of color on which of these big pieces you think may be at risk.
Bob Benmosche : First of all, youre assuming its at risk. What were saying is that once we get closer to the time we need to give you maybe a range around it. Weve discussed a whole lot of things one would have to do once we get closer. Because look, if I could tell you exactly what I could be, at exactly a point in time, I think I would have problems with some of the people in Washington in the enforcement group, because you cant run this business with that degree of accuracy, and you all know that.  Whats important is we look at how were running it, what are our focuses on different things within this company, and we have said were focusing on expense and weve been investing a lot of money to get our expenses down, so we had to spend to eventually see the savings.  Weve talked about our investment portfolios and the things were doing there. We talked about making sure we understand our cost of capital for the businesses and the risks were taking. And we want to earn more than our cost of capital, especially in the property casualty business, [with its big focus], so that we are capital light on the things that make the most sense for us.  So were continuing to do all of that. And it all comes together, including capital management. So its not a question of anything other than, as you go through all of these things, when we get closer to 2015 youre going to ask us to be a little bit more specific and instead of an aspiration it becomes we will achieve something around this in this period of time. And that would be guidance, and thats what were concerned about.  So were focusing on all of it, and were proud of the progress weve made, and were putting a lot of energy into achieving all of it by 2015. But what Im saying to you today, well in advance of that time, is we may not get there by 2015. It might be a little later.  And thats about all the comment we can make on the whole subject, but I think you need to look at our progress every quarter, look at the trends every quarter, and I think youll see a continually improving organization here. 
Operator: And now well hear from Adam Klauber, William Blair. Go ahead please. 
Adam Klauber - William Blair: The ramp up in some of the life and retirement products is very good to see. I guess two questions. Do you think its the earlier part of the ramp up? In other words, can it continue to accelerate? Thats number one. And number two, how should we think of the returns of that business today, and particularly the fixed annuity business today compared to what theyve been more recently and historically.
Jay Wintrob : First of all, in terms of the ramp up, I think that the potential demand for the products were selling, based on demographics, greater concern about longevity risk, outliving your savings and such, is definitely there, as well as the continued movement of money from defined benefit pension plans into defined contribution plans and ultimately to IRA accounts, where the money moves from, in effect, institutional management to retail management and more personal control.  I think that primary driver though, of the kind of quarter to quarter growth, is going to have a lot to do with market conditions. The equity markets, certainly rates, the shape of the yield curve, and such. But I think the underlying demographics and the basic demand growth will continue to be there, but market conditions will have an overlay thats going to play a big role in quarter to quarter results. You saw, for example, this quarter a very significant increase in fixed annuity sales based on rate movements. And we generally follow the 10-year Treasury, assuming credit spreads are the same quarter to quarter. And you saw the kind of movement not only for our company, where were able to take advantage of that, but really for the industry, as I mentioned in my comments. At the same time, the pricing continues very strong. We continue to target pricing for fixed annuities in the roughly 11-12.5% return on equity or internal IRR basis. And we continue to get that pricing [unintelligible] at the time were writing that business. So pricing is actually very good in this environment. Market conditions will depend a lot on rates and spreads, and I think well be ready to go with our low-cost operating platform and our very strong distribution organization to take advantage of that or any other product segment that grows going forward.  
Bob Benmosche : To add what Jay just said, its a fact that people wonder about the businesses, keeping them together, and the diversity of risk and the diversity of dividends to the holding company and so on. But a startling number that just keeps hitting me is that over the next 35 years, there will be four times the number of people over 65 than there are today.  So forget about percentages and numbers and all the other stuff. That is four times the number of people in that age code category. And that is the area where we do a lot of business, where we deal with protection and life and other products. So we see the opportunity not only in the U.S. market, but you have those statistics even more exaggerated in China. So this is a great growth business over time. So its not only quarter to quarter in the markets, but its also about client need. 
Operator: Next well hear from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley. 
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Just wanted to get a little more detail on the tax rate. The tax rate we were expecting was in the low 30s. You put up an 18%. You mentioned the credits in the commentary. Can you go into kind of the timing around that, what they were, and whether theres any more like that coming forward?
David Herzog : Again, well address discrete items in any particular quarter as they occur. And well give you plenty of disclosure around that. And so the 31% rate that we expect going forward is really a reflection of the ongoing operations. As you know, over the last couple of years weve done some portfolio rebalancing in property casualty to reduce our holdings of tax-exempt securities. So that certainly affected the effective tax rate. So again, Im not going to give you any specific guidance as to what to expect. Again, the 31% is really sort of the normalized rate, and then well break out the discrete items that we do. And then well let you know when those occur.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley : What Im wrestling with, and I know you mentioned it earlier, is just the difference between the definition of aspirational and guidance. To me theyre the same thing. And in a quarter where the pre-tax miss was pretty sizable, why choose now to suspend guidance, effectively, going forward? And I appreciate you guys are aiming for 10%-plus, but even then I thought that the plus would have covered you. You dont have to give decimal point accuracy, so to speak. I just dont know why right now you would suspending guidance.
Bob Benmosche : Its very simple. Were getting too close. You want to wait until next quarter, or the quarter after? Sooner or later were going to face this issue, and so the feeling is that guidance is something that I believe, from what weve looked at, we have a likely chance to achieve.  Aspirational says we look at this company and all the things we need to do over a five-year period, we believe that we could get to this kind of target. And so the word aspirational, and why we used it, was to say to you that we dont have a plan specifically that says you can get there.  We havent gone through the details, but we knew that directionally, if we do a whole lot of things and it began to take hold, we could get into that ballpark. And so were going to get through a journey, were going to get to southern New York. Now youre going to ask me, well, are you going to make it to Westchester, or are you going to make it to Putnam, or are you going to make it to Manhattan? Thats guidance. 
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley : Lastly, just for Peter maybe, on the pricing outlook in P&C, I dont know if youve given a lot of color on where you think it could be, but decelerating a little on the margin. Its great to see the gains. But how do you think this thing plays out going forward, from a pricing perspective on the commercial side?
John Doyle : You know, rates were up for us in the U.S., where rate is needed the most, by 5.5% in the quarter. A little down from the second quarter. Casualty rates in the U.S. remain fairly strong. The property market seems to have gotten a bit more competitive. Weve been observing that over the course of the last several months. But I expect the same factors driving pricing improvement in casualty in the U.S. to continue in the near future.
Bob Benmosche : Johns answer is very correct, but underneath that answer is something that many of you would not know, and that is the amount of analytics going into understanding what is our account quality index, thinking about the quality of clients, the quality of the risk and so on, down the line, to make sure weve segmented that in a much more refined way.  Were now looking at brokers and what the broker quality index is. So we know the kind of business that is being brought to us by brokers, some of them taking a shot in the dark and hoping someone at AIG will write it versus somebody who really prides their business with AIG and tends to bring us very good risk and very well field underwritten.  And so when we talk about price increases, we actually look at it by these segments, and were going to get more refined by these segments. So we have very good retention in our best clients and very little rate increase, but were getting pretty good retention in some of our lower quality clients, where you need the rate because of the performance of those accounts.  And so it isnt just following the market anymore. Were becoming much more scientific, and where in our client base or brokerage brought business do we want to begin to add rate? And that would be independent of whats actually happened in the market.  So its not just the old everybodys up and down by the tide. So Im very impressed and very optimistic about what Johns been doing in particular in the whole commercial business with Peter. So thats a different level of detail behind that answer. 
John Doyle : I would add that beyond the tools that were building to help make better judgments at the underwriters desk, weve made big investments in the claims side as well, in people and process and in technology, that are enabling better results for us to reduce the cost of risk once the claim hits. And so thats an important part of the improvement as well.
Operator: Now well take a question from Joshua Shanker, Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : My first question is for Jay. In terms of the amortization of the DAC on the life business, interest rates were kind of stable during the quarter, but you got a benefit there. Can you talk a little bit about what went into this quarters change in the DAC and what we might see happen in future quarters if rates go up, and when that actually hits the P&L?
Mary Jane Fortin: In terms of the DAC, youre results. In terms of the fixed annuity business what we saw there were really two things: the yields on the portfolio supporting the book were better than what we had modeled, as well as Jay has talked to you about the crediting rate actions weve been taking and really managing the overall spreads. That benefited us in terms of the actual spreads coming through versus what we had assumed in our model.  Our model, if you go back a year ago, still is anticipating continued pressure around yield and spreads, and weve been able to really manage through that by both the investing side and actively managing the crediting rates. 
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : This may sound somewhat nave, but I would have probably thought that would happen more likely in Q2, and we didnt see it, then, in Q3.
Mary Jane Fortin: Well, we do our annual review of the critical assumptions on an annual basis, and so we are tracking our actual experience quarterly, but we do do a detailed review. And we also want to make sure we see the patterns emerge over time. And so this was, really since last year, the first time that we did a detailed review of where the yields and spreads were coming in, and therefore adjusted in the quarter, across the whole life and retirement portfolio.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : And on share repurchases, what told you you had about capacity for $200 million of repurchasing during the quarter? And Im wondering if you were blacked out for any periods in the quarter otherwise.
[Brian Schreiber - EVP, Treasurer]: We received authorization midway through the quarter in August, so we didnt have a full quarter, and we also have a blackout date that started on September 15. So we were really only in the market for 27 days. We didnt have $200 million of capacity. Thats how much we did. But we wanted to be just disciplined in how we were deploying the authorization.
David Herzog : Our capacity was $1 billion. We have the authorization for a billion. We used $190 million, and so as I said in my remarks, well remain committed and disciplined around deploying that capital.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : And is it reasonable to say you get about 25 days a quarter that you can be in the market?
David Herzog : Yes, but again, it depends on when we get the authorization, where in the quarter it is.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : Thats true. This quarter you already have the authorization, so you have more days?
David Herzog : Right.
Operator: And now well hear from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Two questions on the property casualty side. The first is you had some adverse development of primary casualty business, more so than weve seen in the past. And Im wondering whats going on there, what drove that. And then secondly, just explain what happened in the retail warranty business, what drove those losses? It wasnt quite clear from the press release.
John Doyle : The adverse [POID] we experienced was related primarily to construction defect. And we saw some increased frequency. We accelerated a review that had been scheduled for a later period, and really impact of prior major cat events, as well as the expansion into some new states that historically hadnt been troubling in this regard. We had historically tracked a couple of different states where [CD] had been a challenge for us.  We saw, again, some increased frequency and some new states accelerated around the review. And I would also say, beyond the impact of major cats in the United States, also the impact of the credit crisis. Now were observing a tail thats longer than what we had expected, and the issue moving into some other states. So again we accelerated review and dealt with it in the quarter. 
Peter Hancock : On the warranty business, this is working with one or two large retailers, and in particular one. So this is a program where the profits and the risks are shared with the retailer. And there is a mechanism to true up through rate change historical profitability. So while in any given quarter you can have fluctuations, which weve had, we have confidence that we can recoup those adverse results within a very prompt period. So it really is a partnership with the retailer, and its not as much risk transfer as the numbers would suggest.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : What kind of underlying products are we talking about? Is it white goods, computers?
Peter Hancock : All of the above. But in particular mobile phones in this quarter.
Liz Werner: Operator, I think were at the top of the hour, and so I know we have a lot of questions in the queue. Id like everybody to reach out. We certainly do want to respond to all your questions and make sure we get back to everybody. So thank you for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking to you [unintelligible].

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Werner - Vice President Investor Relations Robert Benmosche - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Jay Wintrob - Executive Vice President - Domestic Life and Retirement Services Peter Hancock - Executive Vice President - Property and Casualty Insurance David Herzog - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President John Doyle - Chief Executive Officer of Global Commercial Insurance, AIG Property Casualty Brian Schreiber - Executive Vice President, Treasurer
Analysts: Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jay Gelb - Barclays Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Mark Finkelstein - Evercore
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the American International Group's second quarter financial results conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to today's host, Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ma'am.
Elizabeth Werner: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to AIG's discussion of our second quarter 2013 results. Speaking this morning will be Bob Benmosche, President and CEO, David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer, Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and will be available for the question-and-answer period. Before we get started this morning, I would like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first quarter 2013 Form 10-Q and our 2012 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIG's website, www.aig.com. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Benmosche: Good morning, everybody and thank you, Liz. I am slide three. Clearly, as you can see, another, and I will underline word, another strong quarter for AIG. We continue to show consistency and we show very strong, across the board, earnings and fundamentals for all of our businesses. So two things that I know that you are focusing on that are not in the strong numbers and that is what's going on with ILFC. So let me deal with that right upfront. We are continuing to negotiate with the consortium and, keep in mind, we don't have a buyer but we have a group that is buying ILFC. So this is a very complicated transaction based on the nature of the transaction and who are the people that we are negotiating with and expecting to sell to. So we are continuing that dialog. We are continuing those discussions. We did not receive the money on time and now both sides are working on whether we, and how we continue to do this but we are focused on an IPO at this stage of the game, so that if they can come together and the money comes in, then we will proceed. If not, we are preparing ourselves for late of this year, for an IPO where we hope to be able to a deconsolidating trade with ILFC. We also renamed the SIFI during the quarter which allows us to now deal with the AIG Bank. We had retain the bank and not because we wanted to keep the bank as a business. It's less than $1 billion. So we felt, at this time, to close it but we kept it such as that we would be able to continue having the Federal Reserve in and getting started early with the Federal Reserve so that we are well prepared for when the SIFI designation comes in. It has come in but we are not under CCAR until late next year possibly or even the first quarter of 2015. So we are still being regulated as a savings and loan holding company and that's how it's proceeding. Although the auditing and the efforts working with the Federal Reserve is about getting ready for our SIFI period of time when we were regulated by those rules and regulations. We have also named the G-SIFI again by being regulated by the Federal Reserve. We are assuming that will be the lead in this effort as we think about global regulation and we are going to continue to operate that way looking at the fed as the lead regulator working with the others and hopefully that will simplify this very complex regulatory world that we are now facing as the company. As a result of the strong results of this quarter, and quite frankly all the preceding quarters, we had recommended to the board of directors, and after we review with the rating agencies, who were require to give us their green flag, if you will, on capital management. The board has approved a $0.10 dividend per share as you saw and also allow us just to begin to buy back shares with an authorization of $1 billion. In addition to that, we said that those are priorities, but capital management on debt is also important, so we reduced our debt. In fact, we have reduced our expense, interest expense by about half the dividend that we are going to be paying out, so we got about $300 million savings and interest and we are talking about if the dividend continues at the rate we are talking about, we are talking about $600 million basically per year, and we are continuing to see strong dividends from our subsidiaries with $1.3 billion of dividends and repayments of insurance company. Our parent liquidity absent the bank lines, which is on top of this, we have almost $11 billion of cash, so we are really very strong both, from a cash and capital point of view as well as operating results. Pete is going to about in just a minute the Property Casualty business. It is continuing s strong turnaround. You can see that in the accident year losses, the ability to get rate where it makes sense. We are still growing the topline in very strong way and you can see that our reserve is continuing to be maintained at roughly the levels we think is necessary. The only exception Peter will talk about this is the add to the reserve for storm Sandy, which as you know was a very, very serious storm and a very complicated storm to deal with. On the Mortgage Guaranty front, we have talked about reengineering business, we have said that we are now on our way with our new approach to risk selection. We think we have got a very good, well thought, state-of-the-art process. In fact, that's in the numbers that you see now it's emerging because about half of our premiums are coming from our performance premium risk selection capability. You also see new business coming in, so we have the strong reselection model. We are continuing to show a strong growth. And, of course in the legacy book, we still seeing modest decline in our delinquency rates. AIG Life and Retirement, again, a very strong performer over time and for the quarter, variable annuity sales continued to be strong as others struggled with what do with that business. Our mutual funds also are very positive, assets under management continue to grow which is a key measure as you think about this business because you earn piece on assets under management and so it's really very simple method to say that if those are going down dramatically, eventually your piece will start to go down. Here we are seeing good growth and good net flows from our businesses. Lot of questions about low interest rate, isn't that a problem? Isn't that a problem? It must be a problem? Oh sure it's problem. We have said to you quarter-after-quarter-after-quarter, I guess it sounds like I am repeating myself and I apologize, but I do that once a while. Clearly, the way that Jay's organization is dealing with this and way the investment department is dealing with it, we felt that it was within the realm of being able to manage it without severe problems and you can see again in this quarter, looking at our crediting rates Jay and his team has done an outstanding job of keeping our spreads pretty much what we need them to be. In addition to that, of course, we have low interest rates putting some pressure on us. You also get the opportunity with the well designed book. You have the earnings benefiting from investment income during this quarter to offset some of that drag. So, bottom line is we are having another great quarter. We are continuing to see strong fundamentals and we are optimistic about our future. So what I am going to do now is turn it over to David, who will take you through the details of the quarter. David?
David Herzog: Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we did deliver another strong operating quarter and we importantly continue to execute on our capital management objectives. With respect to ILFC, I would add that we continue to think of ILFC as a non-core asset. It remains as a held-for-sale asset given our intent and our plans to monetize it through either sale or an IPO as Bob referenced. On the operating front, we saw solid premium growth and positive pricing in our property casualty business along with continued improvement in accident year loss ratio. Peter will talk about that in a moment. Life and retirement continued to accurately manage spread and it also benefited from strong investment returns. On the capital management front, we continue to optimize our capital structure and through the first half of the year, we have retired little over $5.5 billion in debt including $2.9 billion in face amount of debt in hybrids that we buy their tender for call or repurchase. Of the total debt that we have retired year-to-date, approximately $1.2 billion of that was associated with the direct investment book. Going forward, we will opportunistically execute on our share repurchases as well as debt-to-capital management. As Bob mentioned, we reinstituted a dividend and have a further share buyback authorization, both of which point to our positive view of future profitability and capital generation. Turning to slide four, second quarter operating earnings per share were $1.12, up 17% from a year ago. Operating ROE which excludes AOCI from equity was about 7.4% for the quarter. On a basis consistent with our long-term aspirational goals, which also excludes the deferred tax asset from equity, as we tax effect our operating earnings, the operating ROE was about a 150 basis points higher. Net income for the quarter was $2.7 billion and includes net realized capital gains and the related DAC and loss recognition effects on those gains, certain legacy legal settlement gains of roughly $260 million net of tax and a deferred income tax valuation allowance release of approximately $700 million associated with our capital loss carry forwards. Inception-to-date, we have been able to recognize a little over 50% of the deferred tax assets on our capital loss carry forwards. Book value per share excluding AOCI was $61.25, up almost 11% from a year ago. Reported book value per share declined during the quarter to just over $66 reflecting the impact from the recent rise in interest rates. Operating results begin on the slide five. Each of our insurance operating business reported operating income improvements over a year ago driven by favorable fundamentals, and again Peter and Jay will go into further detail. The direct investment booking global capital markets benefited from positive marks in the quarter. The direct investment book earnings were driven by positive, non-agency RMBS marks reflecting housing price appreciation, pre-payments on the underlying collateral and spread tightening. Global capital markets also benefited from amortizations and market appreciation on the underlying covered security in the legacy multi-sector CDS portfolio. This appreciation reduces the liability we carry on the related CDS. Interest expense for the prior year declined reflecting the interest savings from our liability management actions we have completed thus far. The corporate expenses including the impact incurred during the quarter for continued infrastructure build out were modestly higher than our expected run rate of about $225 million a quarter. There was roughly 20 million or so of corporate expenses related to our data center consolidation that winds down going in to 2014. Operating results for the quarter included a higher compensation expense related to share-based legacy programs that are tied to changes in AIG stock price. AIG stock price has improved about $6 a share which translates into above $100 million of total compensation expense for the company. The effective operating tax rate was almost 32%, slightly higher than our expected run rate, reflecting certain discrete items in the quarter. We continue to expect that the operating tax rate will be roughly in the 31% range for the second half of 2013. As you may recall, we will not be paying any U.S. income taxes for some time, given our NOLs which we expect could provide annual liquidity to the parent of approximately $1 billion in 2014 and beyond. Our capital position remains solid and on slide six you can see the current debt levels reflect the nearly $950 million in liability management actions completed in the quarter. During the quarter, we called our $750 million of our 6.45% hybrids. We call them at par and we purchased nearly $200 million of debt in the open market. Annualized interest savings from the debt we retired this quarter is little over $60 million. And, as Bob referenced, the total savings were the annual activities that we will have completed either through scheduled maturities and the active debt capital management completed for the full year will be about $300 million. We received dividends from our insurance subsidiaries of $1.3 billion in the quarter or $2.7 billion year-to-date, as shown on slide 7. We continue to expect $4 billion, $5 billion in annual dividends and distributions from our insurance subsidiaries, parent company cash and unencumbered securities of approximately $11 billion at the end of the quarter, reflect these distributions and liability management that I referenced earlier. This liquidity includes about $5.4 billion related to the direct investments book and capital, global capital markets which is currently allocated towards future maturities and liabilities and also contingent liquidity stress needs. Nearly 80% of the direct investment books debt matures by the end of 2018. And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Peter, to comment further on our Property Casualty business. Peter?
Peter Hancock: Thank you, David. Morning, everybody. AIG Property Casualty results in the second quarter reflect continued progress towards achieving our goals. Our second quarter results were driven by continued underwriting improvements and better than expected alternative investment returns. Turning to slide 8, net premiums written grew 4%, excluding the effect of movements in the yen and the accounting changes for the excess of loss reinsurance premiums. Price increases and organic growth initiatives, both contributed to this growth. We continue to expect modest net premium growth for the remainder of 2013, as we continue to write profitable new business. Our accident year loss ratio, as adjusted of 61.9% for the quarter, improved by 2.9 points from the second quarter of 2012 and was slightly better than trend. The improvement is due to business mix shift, continued enhanced risk selection, loss mitigation initiatives and positive pricing. Importantly, we see no signs that the trend is changing. Operating income was nearly $1.1 billion and included catastrophe losses of $316 million from flooding in Europe and the Americas as well as U.S. tornadoes and hail storms. Net unfavorable prior year reserve development for the quarter totaled $154 million net of premium adjustments largely from additional losses on storm Sandy of a $142 million. These losses resulted from higher severities on a small number of existing large and complex commercial claim notification. The increased severity was driven by a number of factors, including the extensive damage caused to properties in the downtown Manhattan Metropolitan area. On a year-to-date basis, net prior year development was favorable by $40 million if you exclude development related to Storm Sandy and was unfavorable by a $102 million including it. Turning to slide nine, commercials net premium written on a reported basis grew by 5.5% from a year ago, or 3.6% excluding foreign exchange and the accounting change for excess of loss reinsurance. We saw growth in property, financial lines and specialty, which all benefited from improved retentions, new business and pricing. In the U.S., we saw rate increases of 7.3% for the quarter led by U.S. casualty with 9.4%. Property and financial lines in the U.S. reported positive rates of 5.7% and 6.8%, respectively. The market remains modestly more competitive outside of the U.S., but we continue to be encouraged by casualty pricing in the U.S. where rate is most needed. Our efforts to optimize mix, enhanced, risk selection, claims handing improvements and increased pricing have lowered the accident year loss ratio for commercial to 62.2%, down over five points from the year ago quarter. Turning to slide 10, consumer net premiums written grew about 5% excluding foreign exchange and the excess of loss reinsurance accounting change. Accidents and health experienced growth outside the U.S. particularly in individual A&H in Asia-Pacific as well as in direct marketing. Net premiums written for our direct marketing business grew 5% for the second quarter of 2012 and accounted for 16% of total consumer net premiums written. Consumer acquisition ratios increased a little over two points from last year and reflected our investment in the profitable direct marketing channel and other channels. The bulk of these costs are non-deferrable under U.S. GAAP accounting rules. Personal lines benefited from improved margins related to our Japanese auto business and should continue to improve through the remainder of the year. Slide 11 illustrates our investment portfolio mix. Second quarter net investment increased 14% reflecting strong performance of equity partnership investments and fair value increases associated with PICC Property Casualty shares that were purchased during the second quarter and for which we elected the fair value option. As a result of our strong alternative investment return and the PICC gain, net investment income was about a $150 million above our expected return. We made $792 million in dividend payments to AIG parent in the second quarter and look forward to contributing our planned dividends to the holding company during the remainder of the year. The second quarter marked continued progress towards increasing the intrinsic value of AIG Property Casualty. Our shift to high value business combined with underwriting and claims practice improvements, exemplified how our focus on balancing growth, profitability and risk is helping to produce better margins. We maintain our commitment to capital efficiency and optimizing our risk profile. As part of our continuing legal entity and capital restructuring efforts, we recently announced the planned merger of AIU and Fuji Fire and Marine companies in Japan. We expect synergies from merging these large companies and will result in improved customer service, greater management efficiency as well as to provide us with greater capital flexibility and expense savings. In closing, I am satisfied with our positive momentum and I am confident that the progress we made this quarter will continue. Turning to slide 12, our mortgage guarantee business reported operating income of $73 million, which represented another quarter of improved profitability and growth in new business. Delinquency counts continued to fall, and in the second quarter, half of earned premiums related to high quality business written after 2008. Mortgage guarantee results for the quarter also benefited from $49 million of income associated with commutations, settlements and reserve releases. We believe UGC is well positioned to take advantage of the mortgage insurance market. The quality of the business written since 2008, improvements in home pricing and increasing home sales should drive future profitability and allow UGC to capitalize on its unique underwriting approach, risk based pricing and strong capital position. Now I would like to turn it over to Jay.
Jay Wintrob: Thank you, Peter and good morning everyone. I am going to begin on slide 13 where you can see that AIG Life and Retirement delivered solid results this quarter with operating income of $1.2 billion up 23% from a year ago. This increase reflects growth in variable annuity fee income, effective spread management and higher investment returns. Premiums and deposits grew 24% from a year ago largely due to individual variable annuity sales which exceeded $2 billion in the quarter. Net investment income increased 5% from the year ago period driven primarily by higher returns in our alternative investment portfolio. Now this was partially offset by $84 million fair value loss we reported on our investment in PICC Group shares this quarter which we now hold slightly above cost. We continued our strategy of actively managing spreads in our interest-sensitive businesses. Our strong results this quarter enabled us to provide additional liquidity to AIG parent. And, as David mentioned, Life and Retirement paid $545 million in distributions to AIG in the quarter and $1.9 billion during the first half of the year. We are on track to meet our expected dividend payments for the full year. Assets under management grew 10% from a year ago, driven by increases across our business lines with strong account value growth in individual variable annuities and group retirement as well as additional institutional assets accumulated to our Stable Value Wrap business. Net flows increased substantially from the prior quarter and the year ago period, reflecting robust sales of variable annuities and retail mutual funds. With the recent rise in interest rates, we saw the unrealized gain position and our general account partially erode, dampening the increase in AUM in the quarter. Rising interest rates, however, have a positive impact on sales and earnings in our interest-sensitive businesses in particular, which I will elaborate on later in my comments. To provide additional insight in into the diversity of our businesses, this quarter on page 13, we added disclosure on our assets under management by product line. Our scale and highly diverse business mix provide a strong platform for growth and enable us to perform well in various market environments. Slide 14, further illustrates the diversity of our businesses based on earnings contribution. The solid performance this quarter reflects favorable trends across both, the Retail and Institutional segments. The growth of our retirement Income Solutions business is a good example of our ability to be opportunistic while maintaining our pricing and risk management discipline. After significant de-risking of living benefit features beginning back in 2010, we continue to benefit from strong demand for a variable annuity product and remain comfortable with the current trajectory of our sales run rate. At quarter end, our variable annuity account value including both, fixed and separate accounts was $32 billion in our retail or individual variable annuity business and $52 billion in our group variable annuity business. Because of our large presence in qualified plans in the group business, 69% of our total variable annuity AUM provide only a guaranteed minimum debt benefit with no guaranteed lifetime benefits. In addition, 77% of our GMDB by account value is in the lower risk return of premium or roll ups that revert to return of premium at age 70. Of our $22 billion of variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, 59% are in benefits with strong de-risking features, such as VIX Index fees, volatility control fund requirements and required minimum allocations to fixed accounts, so the combination of a relatively small legacy block and enhanced risk control in our current features has allowed us to capitalize on opportunities when competitors have chosen or have been forced to pull back from the market. Now in addition, this quarter we introduced a new suite of fixed index annuities with living benefits to further diversify and enhance our guarantee income offerings. In our interest-sensitive businesses in both, the retail and institutional segments, we continued our strategy of active spread management to enhance profitability. And with the recent rise in interest rates, we are seeing an acceleration in sales of our fixed annuities, which we re-price weekly and we are encouraged by these initial indications as it remains our view that a moderately rising rate environment will be positive for our operating fundamentals. Slide 15 and 16 depict our investment portfolio, composition, returns and yields. Overall, base yield improved slightly in the quarter benefiting from mortgage loan prepayments and increased accretion income principally from structured securities. These were partially offset by the impact of investment purchases made at yields lower than the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio. Our total or reported yield reflects strong alternative investment returns partially offset by the fair value loss in PICC Group shares, which I mentioned earlier. Net spreads benefited from our active spread management actions principally the lowering of renewal crediting rates and maintaining disciplined new business pricing. At the end of the second quarter, approximately 74% of our fixed annuity and Universal Life account values were at minimum guarantee crediting rates and we remained focused on managing spreads actively. To sum up, we are pleased with our solid earnings and distributions to parent through the first half of the year. We will remain focused on executing our growth strategies by leveraging our strong relationships with distribution partners to increase profitable sales of our broad product portfolio across all channels while continuing to look for opportunities to grow our businesses, where we can achieve the most attractive risk adjusted returns. And now, I will turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A.
Elizabeth Werner: Thank you, Jay. Operator, can we please open the line for questions now?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Mr. Shankar your line is open, sir. If the line is muted, please unmute the phone line.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Sorry, hello. Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. As the capital return story unfolds and you get dividends from your subs, maybe ILFC closes, I am wondering in the conversations you have had with the rating agencies. What kind of mix of a debt retirement versus share repurchase are you thinking to keep in good stead with them?
Robert Benmosche: We have not had that level of conservation. We go to the rating agencies when we have something specific to say we want to do but as overarching, we continue to focus on. We are taking care of the dividend doesn't mean we might want to increase that but our focus is on debt and share buybacks. But, Dave, do you want to comment?
David Herzog: Yes. Thanks, Bob, and good morning, Josh. As we think about our capital management where we have discussed in the past, a targeted capital structure and where we are nearing that optimal mix of debt and capital. We still do have some expensive hybrids out that are of interest to us but that will occur overtime. We have taken an approach with the agencies, with the other various stakeholders with respect to our capital management that we first raise the deployable capital, get it to the holding company, we then run through a rigorous set of internal stress tests and analytics and then we consider the best way to deploy the capital. So we do not get up in front of ourselves with respect to spending it before we get it.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Understandable, and Peter, can you talk a little bit about where you are in Sandy in terms of approaching the full limit of your deductible for the reinsurance?
Peter Hancock: We haven't disclosed the attachment point on the reinsurance but suffice it to say that we don't expect to pierce it. But on the other hand, we are not too far from it when you actually look at what we expect the ultimate to be. But where we are in terms of the remaining tail, we are about 50% settled and about a third paid, cash out the door and on the Sandy claims. But there is a still a number of repairs underway, as we speak. So it will be probably another quarter before we really get to a final number.
Operator: We will take our next question from with Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: I was wondering if you could go in just a little bit more detail in to the steps that allowed you to announce the dividend and the repurchase ? I guess I am surprised that you were able to do this before the ILFC transaction. So may be you could just talk little bit more about how that process worked in terms of discussions with the regulators as well as your own thinking? And what's left is, that's contingent if anything on capital management given the ILFC transaction?
Robert Benmosche: I am not sure I understand the last question. You want to know how much more I am going to do, but I am not sure I would give you a specific answer, so let me give you a general answer. The way you look at we did it, I know you are going to think I am being pride, but I am not. The fact is, you first get your fundamentals right, make sure the company is operating well, make sure all of the buckets of risks have been accounted for and we have a very or we need to improve our stress testing, we have to improve the systems, improve the process, improve the automation to be much more industrial strength in terms of what we do. We have a process that we know works well and so you really need to satisfy yourselves as a management team that we can afford to do a capital management. That's number one. Number two, we then sit down with the rating agencies and walk through what we want to do and they give us their opinion based upon the information we provided them and the track record we are showing them and then we spend considerable time with our board of directors who want to make sure that we are not being premature and some of the things we want to do as the management team and we spend a great deal of time with the board in detail taking them through our whole capital planning process, taking them through our stress testing. For example, our stress testing is basically modeled using a lot of the information from the Federal Reserve, but as I have said before when you think about, I think it's a shame that America doesn't understand the amount of stress testing that is done at financial institutions to make sure thinking about being too big to fail. They can't fail, because what they are required to maintain on their book. So, for AIG, we go through a process over the planning period of 2013 and 2014, what would happen if we underperformed our profit budget by $23 billion, what happens during that same time if the S&P is down close to 700? What happens if the credit aspect of credit spread non-interest rate-sensitive, but what happens if we have a period of [in line] and you pick any other periods, so credit spreads widened dramatically about 400 basis points. At the same time, what happens if unemployment doesn't go in the 10s, but goes to 12.5%? By the way if that's not enough, what would happen to AIG if in fact housing prices were to drop 20% from here knowing the amount of mortgages we have on our books positive mortgage insurance businesses as well. And, by the way since you are an insurance company, why don't you throw a storm Sandy in there and make sure that you got enough money to cover that storm at the same time. That's in English what a stress bust is and I have given it to you a 10,000 feet and we show the board that after all of that, we could maintain our CMA levels, maintain the risk based capital in this company at those levels which are required for our ratings. I would think if that kind of scenario occurred, the states would be really pleased that we could at least meet our minimum regulatory requirements and work our way back up. We are not talking about minimums. We are talking about the CMA levels, so based upon that the board said, we think it's down for you to at this time proceed with your dividend and proceed with a $1 billion share buyback. If ILFC closes or when ILFC closes, the board and we will look at what we prepare, we will then update our stress test, update the information we will share with the board, we will share with the rating agencies. And based upon all of that, the board will make a decision and so that's how the process works. I know people are asking about did the Fed approve. The fed does not approve these things. The Fed oversees what we are doing. And if the fed felt at any point in time that we are doing something as the savings and loan holding company, they would go and say, look I think you are being imprudent, but they don't approve things. Once we get under the CCAR test, however, then they will in fact look at our CCAR, look at the amount of capital we have and look at the process we have in place to calculate that information and based upon the quality of our systems, we have a runway to get there and we are working hard alone that runway and that's why we wanted actually people thought "Are you nuts? Why would you want to start early?" It is because you want to get prepared so that you have an acceptable process and it's a repeatable process such that the Fed is very comfortable that not only do you have numbers that say you are okay but you have a process that says that your numbers are okay. That's all what we are working towards and that's something at the end of '14, into early '15. Our effort is now making sure we live with the first half of what I said and that is we run the company the right way and we will be prudent. Long-winded answer, I apologize, but I know lot of you are trying to figure out what happened here and it's what we said all along, when we are ready, we will.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill: No. that was the terrific answer. Thank you very much. It's very helpful.
Operator: We will take our next question from with Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions. I guess, just a follow up on that last one. So while the Fed didn't explicitly approve this, you obviously had discussions with them prior to making this announcement.
Robert Benmosche: We informed the Fed of everything we are doing of any consequence, so that they are aware of any issues we have. So they don't read about it in the paper. So yes, there are our regulator. They are in many of our meetings. They are in my of leadership meetings, attending. So this is important that you keep your regulator understanding what you are doing and you are very transparent with that regulator. So they are aware of not only this, but everything else we are doing.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's great.
Robert Benmosche: And by the way, Jay, the key is the rating agencies and right now, that's where we go and if the rating agencies said we are having some concerns with what you are doing, I can assure you, we would not have done it.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Exactly. Second question. I know the details of any prior year development will come out in the Cuba. Peter, I am wondering if you can talk excluding the Sandy development, what you saw? Were there any particular lines where there was material adverse development.
Peter Hancock: No, it's very benign. Everything was immaterial in the context of our reserves. So I don't know, Jay, if you have any bigger comments.
Jay Wintrob: Yes, I certainly agree with the way Peter described it. We had some movement up and down or I guess within casualty some loss sensitive adjustments that were offset by premium accruals but outside of that, we had bit of a adverse development in a construction defect related claims out of the program that's been in run off for a number of years, largely around legal expenses but inconsequential and immaterial relative to the total.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's great. Thank you.
Peter Hancock: And yes, we have had a slight favorable in Japan consumer.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: Can you give us a sense as how long you think it would take to complete the $1 billion buyback authorization?
Robert Benmosche: I would appreciate giving you all advanced notice but we will continue to do what's prudent, and we will continue to evaluate different options and different techniques and we will let you know when we are done and we will keep you posted as we are buying back what the average price per share is.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: In terms of future buybacks on top of this authorization, does the sale or IPO of ILFC need to be complete before we can expect additional buybacks through this authorization?
Robert Benmosche: What I have said on one of the other question, we look at our capital, we look at our results, we look at how we are faring, we do our stress testing, we update our stress testing throughout the year and we would continue to do what we think is prudent and for AIG. So if ILFC were to close and depending upon what kind of transaction we do, we would factor it into our thinking?
Jay Gelb - Barclays: Okay, and then for Peter, based on the first half results, it still appears that there is five points to 10 points of combined ratio improvement that's needed to get to that 90% to 95% calendar year goal by 2015. What's your confidence level in achieving that?
Peter Hancock: Well, I think that I listed out the various initiatives that have led to the trend in accident year loss ratio improvement that we have had now for ten quarters and I think there is no that any of those initiatives are sort of experiencing diminishing return. So, eventually, obviously, we will experience diminishing returns, but we are making a good progress on all of them. The actuaries take time to recognize initiatives that are emerging in the loss triangles, but may not be confirmed with enough statistical significance yet, so we have sort of some line of sight into the sort of future momentum. Obviously, pricing is outside of our control, but again as I mentioned, where we felt there was the greatest pricing inadequacy in the U.S. casualty lines, we have seen quite good pricing trends. And in Europe, where the pricing has been a bit softer, we already had pretty decent adequacies, so I see no change in my level of confidence that we will accomplish that target.
Jay Gelb - Barclays: Great. Then in the meantime, does that also mean you have confidence in the adequacy of AIG's overall property casualty reserve position?
Peter Hancock: Yes.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Hi. Good morning. The first question is on the P&C business. Your expense ratio picked up a little bit, sequentially, and I think you talked in the past about expenses being elevated in the near-term as you are investing in the business, but then starting to improve sometime in 2014 and beyond. Are you still comfortable with that? Then on the ILFC transaction, I don't think there is a breakup fee. And, when you talk about deconsolidating trade, I am assuming you are implying over a 50% sale, but I just wanted to make sure that that's correct. The last question is, on the fixed annuity business. We have seen industry sale improve as rates have gone up. Your sales sequentially were actually down and your surrenders were up, not sure that's because the lock is aging or what's going on there?
Peter Hancock: As I have said before on the expenses, yes we are spending on infrastructure and a number of analytical resources, data improvements that are integral to our improved risk selection and claims handling, so we are seeing benefits in the loss ratio offset by increases in the GOE ratio and we continue to invest in acquisition costs. So, the overall expense ratio remains elevated. I would expect the GOE Ratio to come down as you point out in the sort of mid-2014 period, so a lot of the heavy lifting in terms of the investments will start to tail off. The one area though I would point out where there may be slightly more delayed expense benefits is what I announced in the comments earlier, which is the merger savings between AIU and Fuji Fire and Marine, which is a very substantial merger integration effort that will take some time to execute because of the sheer scale of it. It's between the two companies almost 6,000 people, so it's very substantial.
Peter Hancock: Jay, why don't you cover the fixed annuity comment and then turn it over to David, who will finish up with a question on ILFC?
Jay Wintrob: Great. Thanks. Jimmy I think your presumption is correct. Being the largest in the fixed annuities, we probably have the biggest block is aging, and that's as expected leading to higher surrenders which because of the vast majority of those surrenders are from contracts with high guaranteed minimum interest rates, 3% and above in some cases, that's actually a very good thing from a profitability standpoint. We did see some interesting competitors come in early in the quarter and increase their sales. We stuck with our pricing discipline as we always do. Having said that, late in the quarter and through the month of July as I mentioned earlier, we have begun to see an acceleration in sales of fixed annuities now that rates have spiked up, so the block is behaving as expected, and again the vast majority what's surrendering is at high guaranteed minimum interest rates.
Peter Hancock: I would just follow up and we have said this I believe on our previous call and that is, Jay and his team are holding through a very strong discipline. Because, when you think about rising interest rates and I don't need to if you look at book values this quarter, you all understand it clearly of what can happen with rising interest rates. You don't want to have a very tightly priced fixed annuity books at these rates right now. If you do see a couple of 100 basis points rise, that will be very helpful for AIG and for Jay's business but if you have a large block of low interest rate annuities, fixed annuities in that kind of environment, you could see some expenses disintermediation. So a part of our hedging strategy is to make sure we don't have an oversized book at these levels that we have to worry about rates going up and what happened to that block. So I think right now we see rising interest rates at least for the first couple of hundred basis points is a big positive for the company.
David Herzog: And Jimmy, it's David, with respect to your ILFC question. As I said in my remarks, ILFC is a non core asset and we will pursue our plan to dispose of it, either through a sale or through an IPO. With respect to the sale, again you would ask about the breakup fee, the deposit is not a break up fee but we will protect our rights through that deposit. So that's all I would say with respect to that. Then, with respect to the 51%, yes, that is the level at which we see deconsolidate it and we, of course, would evaluate market conditions and valuations, et cetera, at the time of an idea to optimize the value of that monetization for the benefit of AIG and our stakeholders. So we haven't set any term in notion, but we will optimize the value.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Then protecting, I don't understand what protecting the rights on the deposit means. Maybe you could discuss?
David Herzog: Well, we just said, that is not as any more than that. This will protect them. It's not a breakup fee, which was your question and we will pursue our rights under the terms of the contract.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Alright, that's what I thought. Maybe if I could just ask one more. I think Peter mentioned that the actuaries are being somewhat conservative in their loss fix. So I am assuming that that's implying that there is some level of cushion in your reserving. Is that the right read? If that is the case, then how do you reconcile that with the fact that if we look at the last six quarters, you have had, I think, four of those quarters, where you had actually adverse reserve development?
David Herzog: What he said was, let me be really clear, that in total you see the emergence of a pattern that the actuaries are comfortable with is not a short-term lift but in fact but that's what we call vectors in math but you tend to look at it over an extended period of time, then you have a clear pattern. Until that emerges, they are not going to make some early judgments. The judgments they make or what they believe is the best estimate and the most accurate estimate based on the data that they are seeing. So they want to see more of a measurable period before they make any judgment. So that's what he said and so don't misinterpret it.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Alright, thank you.
Peter Hancock: And I would also add that the reserve adjustments that you witnessed in the last two and a half years have been largely related to older accident years and I have been talking about accident year loss ratios and the impact of new underwriting guidelines and risk selection techniques. So they will take longer to emerge. So I think they are really separate issues.
Operator: We will take our next question from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks for having us on the call and congratulations on a good quarter and exciting news. So a question on capital returns. When you began this journey, you guided to $25 billion to $30 billion of capital management. So rough math, I think you are somewhere around $9 billion to $14 billion remaining by 2015. As you are now finally being allowed act like a normal company, should investors expect measured regular and recurring buybacks like we see at your peers or is this something where we should expect this to be very opportunistic and episodic as we have seen over the past couple of years?
Robert Benmosche: I am going to turn it over to David but I would say that first, really we said dividends, capital management but our first priority is to find businesses that maybe strategic and make sense for AIG and are not close closed blocks, but growing blocks. So we like to continue to invest our money in those businesses. We are going to continue to look at the best way to deploy our capital with the stock price as you saw last night, we are at that and you have our book value and you see what's going on. Obviously as you get closer and closer to book, you want to think more carefully about what you are doing. As you get order book, you think a lot about what you want to do, so I think all of that is an over arching concept which is not new. David, wants to talk about the particulars on our aspirational goals.
David Herzog: Thanks, Josh. Again to recap, we have done a total to-date of about little over $18 billion. With the $13 billion of equity we did last year equity buyback, little over $3 billion of debt capital management going after some of the callable, very expensive hybrids the recent share buyback we just announced on the authorization and then the couple of years worth of the dividend they sort of add up to $18 billion. And you are right, so we have got 7 to 12 to go and I think with the fundamental foundation as we said is we have raised the deployable capital to the holding company and a very important part of that is the dividend flows that both Jay and Peter referred to is, raise the deployable capital. In addition to that, we have the ILFC proceeds that are unencumbered of the holding company and I also referenced in my comments about the tax sharing payments that in '14 should be in the $1 billion range and they grow from there and they are annual after that, so as you can see a path and we can see a path to raising the deployable capital on the net debt is input to the framework that Bob laid out in terms of how we and how the board and the various stakeholders think about how we go about deploying it. It's likely. Again, it's going to be opportunistic as we have done in the past. [It is going]. We will be prudent and I think Bob laid out a very clear framework for how we think about it and how you should think about it.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you. If I might switch to Peter, as you have made a really relatively dramatic progress in accident year loss ratios and combined ratios in P&C commercial and it's great to see that playing out. The question I would ask is, as you sort of continue the journey to get to low 90s combined ratio, the consumer lines don't seem to be sort of go in the same direction and looks like maybe there is some noise in the quarter, but just generally I wonder if you can give us some more color on the relative magnitude of some of the key levers and sort of how you think about the status of the initiatives on that side of the house?
Peter Hancock: Sure. So the big noise in the quarter is the yen exchange rate, so there is a very, very portion of our consumer business in Japan, so you need to strip that out before you even think about it. There's I think some significant opportunities in Japan to improve profitability as we talked about in terms of both, the expenses but also as we reinvigorate the brand in Japan. Outside of Japan, there's another sort of one-off item that came through the loss ratio, but not net income which is in one very large extended warranty program where there is an offsetting profit sharing agreement that is not in this. It's an issue geography on the income statement, so that's a one-off adjustment you need to make when you look at the loss ratio in second quarter. Beyond that, I think that the emerging market story is very positive in terms of long-term profitability and growth, but the start up costs of that are quite substantial so that adds to the expense ratio. We have talked many times about the direct marketing business, which we feel has excellent lifetime profitability over customer relationships, but has pretty unfavorable GAAP accounting, so we want to take a measured approach to how much of that we do, but we like it from a marginal ROE point of view over the lifetime of the customer relations based on the persistency that we have been seeing in that book. So we will be doing that in a number of additional countries. So I think, in general, we see continued growth in consumer. I think we have opportunities to focus more than we do today. We operate in 90 countries. So I think that that will bring some efficiency gains and the conversions to common technology platforms will make it also more efficient.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein: Great, thank you. Keep up the good work.
Elizabeth Werner: Operator, I think since we are getting close to 9:00, we will only be able to take one more question but please reach out after the call with your additional questions and we will certainly do our best to follow up as soon as possible.
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. We will take our final question from Mark Finkelstein with Evercore.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: Good morning everybody. Maybe I will start with Peter on international commercial. The numbers were just a little bit lighter than I had expected, maybe user error. But I guess the way I would frame up the question is, and I get the point about less need for rate than you have in North America, but are you satisfied with these margins? And do you feel like you need to improve them on a core basis in terms of achieving your overall targets?
Jay Wintrob: I think that, again a little bit of a foreign exchange element in terms of the topline there. There is continued opportunities for streamlining technology and reaping the full benefits of legal entity consolidation. As you may know, at the end of last year we consolidated our 25 European countries in to one legal entity and that's starting to give us efficiencies but on the capital efficiency that hasn't fully come through. But in general, the international business has a better ROE because it's shorter tail, less dependent on investment income. I would say that the success of our commercial property business internationally has been very pleasing. We have seen a good take up rate about large and highly engineered property activities, further diversifying our book away from overconcentration in U.S. commercial property. So I don't know whether, Jon, you want to elaborate on your level of satisfaction with international operations?
John Doyle: Yes, I see an opportunity for us to continue to grow that business. Peter mentioned the FX pressure from Japan. That obviously had an impact on the topline in the quarter but we saw, outside of Japan, the rest of Asia, 18% growth in the quarter, Middle East and Africa 19% growth, 27% growth in Latin America. Obviously those are smaller parts of our overall commercial insurance franchise. In terms of pricing or rate adequacy on a major line basis, right, so if you think of it from a property casualty financial lines and specialty point of view, all of our major regions outside of the United States in those major lines cover their cost of capital currently. There are some opportunities for margin improvement and obviously there are some smaller lines that, in any given jurisdiction, have some profitability challenges that we will always be dealing with. There were some caps in the quarter, right, as well. Argentina, a modest amount in Australia, and then the flooding in Europe as well. So all those events had an impact on the bottomline in the quarter, but we think we are very well positioned outside of the United States and inside of the United States, but we see good opportunities for profitable growth throughout the rest of the world.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: Okay, maybe a question on the div. I think every quarter I look at my model and what you guys produced in at least for the four or five, I feel like the div has beaten my expectations pretty widely in a lot of cases. I guess you have got 80% of the maturities coming within 2018, I think you said. Maybe the way to ask a question is, how far do you think we are from that so called intrinsic value and is there any framework for how to think about div earnings, going forward?
Robert Benmosche: Brian, do you want to cover that for us as we close down the call.
Brian Schreiber: Sure, I would be happy to, and again the performance of the div is not going to be linear. We have had more conditions that have us to recognize the gains you have seen over the last few quarters. As we talked about, we gave some rough ideas of what we think to pull to intrinsic is. At the end of the last quarter, we said it was around $5 billion, little under $5 billion. We had approximately 750 or so of gain and we have also sold some assets and did to the operating companies. So those, the gains and the sales of assets reduced that future upside, so if you think about it now at around $4.1 billion, $4.2 billion, that's probably where we are. But another way to think about it is, if you look at the debt capital, the NAV of the debt and you look composition of the assets, you could think about it as having roughly a 10% return on that capital over time. Again, that's probably the simplest way to think about if you are trying to model and this will come in again over time. We could have down quarters. Again, a lot of it depends on the market, but I think from the sort of 2018 period forward, you are probably looking at six to eight years before you see a bulk of that capital start freeing up and coming through.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Elizabeth Werner: Thank you again for joining us this morning. Certainly, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to ask and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, we would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Robert H. Benmosche - President & Chief Executive Officer David L. Herzog - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Peter D. Hancock - Chief Executive Officer, Property and Casualty Insurance Jay Steven Wintrob - Chief Executive Officer, Domestic Life and Retirement Services Elizabeth A. Werner - Vice President, Investor Relations Brian Schreiber - Executive Vice President, Treasury John Q. Doyle - Chief Executive Officer of Global Commercial Insurance, AIG Property Casualty William Dooley - Executive Vice President, Investments & Financial Services and CEO, Asset Management Jeffrey M. Farber - Senior Vice President, Deputy Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the American International Groups First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Liz Werner, head of investor relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Elizabeth Werner: Good morning and thank you for joining us everyone. Welcome to AIGs discussion of our first quarter 2013 results. Speaking today will be Bob Benmosche, our President and CEO; David Herzog, our Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property & Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and available for the question and answer period. Before we get started this morning, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2013 First Quarter 10-Q and our 2012 Form 10-K under managements discussion and analysis and under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIGs website, www.aig.com. Now, Id like to turn our call over to Bob.
Robert Benmosche: Thanks Liz and good morning everybody. And as Ive said since mid-2011, the focus of our Company and all the people of AIG has been fix the foundation to get the fundamentals right. And while weve seen noises we dealt with some of our non-core assets and so on mark--to-markets of ML II, III and so on AIA. Weve been focusing on the core and I think what you see is the first quarter is another strong quarter of the fundamentals. This is a quarter we had some positives. Last quarter we had Sandy which was a negative, but if you look at the core and were going to talk about that this morning, we continue to fundamentally do very well here.  Now you look at our liquidity at the end of the quarter, were at $15 million. That includes dividends from Life and Retirement and also liability management which included some of the cash from the prior quarter. Peter is going to talk to you about our Property Casualty business that weve seen good improvement in the underwriting. Good returns from the investment side as well, but whats most important, if you look at the trend over this period of time from mid-2011, you can see that theres a gradual improvement of the current action year loss ratio which is now down to 63.2, again a strong improvement. And if you look at the growth of the topline, we continued to grow that this quarter. It is growing nicely at about 4%. If you take out some of the accounting charges and the Yen issue that were dealing with in terms of conversion now. So strong performance in Property Casualty and mortgage guarantee business weve said weve seen that business turn about two years ago. Were working through the legacy book. Again a strong quarter for that business and about half of the premiums are now coming from our new underwriting model which is performing much better than we had in the past. And our Life and Retirement business, again great distribution numbers in a very tough climate. We are continuing to hold the line on our ability to get the returns we need for that business. And so success for us, as [Bill] and Jay will take you through that, so I dont want to belabor at this point. I look forward to taking your questions at the end of our comments. What I would like to do now is turn over to David who will highlight some of the financials for you. David?
David Herzog: Thank you, Bob, and good morning everyone. As Bob mentioned, our core operations delivered strong operating results this quarter. Up 28% over a year ago and we executed on $2.1 billion in liability management actions during the quarter. We remain committed to our aspirational goals including $25 billion to $30 billion in capital management and 10% ROE by 2015. Turning to Slide 4. First quarter operating earnings per share was $1.34. As you might recall, first quarter of 2012 had over $3 billion pretax gains related to non-core holdings in AIA and ML3. So the quarter-over-quarter EPS comparison isnt straight forward. Operating ROE which excludes AOCI from equity, was 9.2% for the quarter, on a basis consistent with our long-term aspirational goals which excluded the deferred tax assets from equity for purposes of calculating ROE, ROE would have been roughly 200 basis points higher this quarter. Book value per share excluding AOCI was $59.39, up 12% from a year ago and 3% from year-end. Operating results began on slide five. Property casualty delivered an underwriting profit in the quarter driven by continued improvement in the accident year loss ratio. Both our property casualty and life and retirement businesses benefitted from stronger alternative investment returns than we expected. Property casualty has modest cat losses of around $40 million less than we expected in the quarter. We realigned our life and retirement segment presentation this quarter to provide product segments consistent with our new management structure which Jay will discuss in more detail in his remarks. The direct investment book and global capital markets benefitted from positive marks in the quarter, driven by largely by tighter credit spreads. Operating income from the wind down legacy multi-sector CDS book, which is reported in global capital markets, improved by roughly $150 million from market appreciation of the underlying coverage securities which then reduces the liability we carry on the related CDS. The direct investment book also benefitted from asset appreciation consistent with our objective to capture the pull to intrinsic over time. These market movements will vary from period to period and could be negative in a reporting period. Interest expense increased modestly from prior year and reflected only a partial quarter of interest savings from our liability management actions that we completed in March. Corporate expenses including the impact of cost incurred during the quarter for continued infrastructure build out, were in line with our near term expected run rate of about $225 million per quarter. There is roughly $35 million or so per quarter of corporate expenses related to our data center consolidation which begins to wind down going into 2014. The effective operating tax rate came in at almost 30%. Looking ahead for the rest of the year, we continue to expect an operating tax rate to be roughly in this range. As you may recall, we will not be paying any U.S. income taxes for some time given our NOL. We also had a couple of largely offsetting tax adjustments that are not reported as part of operating income. We increased our reserve for uncertain tax positions under FIN-48 by approximately $600 million related to some legacy matters as a result of current period developments. We also determined that recently identified tax planning strategy met the prudent and feasible criteria and we released through income, a little over $750 million of our deferred tax asset valuation allowance related to our capital loss carry-forwards. Our capital decision remains solid and on slide six, you can see our current debt levels reflect over $2 billion in parent company debt that we called and repurchased in cash tender offers this quarter. In March, we called our $1.1 billion 7.7% hybrids at par and we purchased $1 billion in debt in cash tender offers with an average coupon of around 7.8%.  Annualized interest savings on this retired debt is about $165 million. We also have $750 million in callable hybrids with a coupon of 6.45%. Exercising that call would further reduce annual interest expense by almost $50 million. At this time we do not have any plans in place for further 2013 liability management outside exercising the hybrid call that is available to us. If we do exercise that call, then between our maturities, the debt we have already proactively, we could pair our annual interest expense run rate by roughly $290 million. Our yearend RBC ratios are also presented on Slide 6 and were 443% for Property Casualty and 532% for Life and Retirement. These are higher than the preliminary estimates that we reported last quarter. Our insurance subsidiaries remain capitalized well above their CMA threshold and our position to deliver sustained dividends and distributions to the holding Company. We received distributions from Life and Retirement of over $1.3 billion during the quarter as shown on Slide 7.  Property Casualty is on track to deliver its full year targeted dividend payments later this year. We continue to expect $4 to $5 billion in total in annual dividends and distributions from our insurance companies. Parent Company available liquidity is over $15 billion at the end of the quarter, reflecting these distributions and the liability management actions that I mentioned earlier. The parent liquidity balance includes $5.5 billion related to the direct investment book and global capital markets which is currently allocated towards future maturities of liabilities and contingent liquidity stress needs. Nearly 60% of the DIBs debt matures over the next five years. During the quarter we initiated an investment program at the holding Company whereby we invested $2.3 billion of available cash into high quality fixed maturity securities with duration of just over three years and a deals rate of just over 1%. We expect this portfolio to grow to around $3 billion this year. Additionally, the ILFC divestiture continues through the regulatory approval process as expected. Upon closing, the net proceeds that we receive on that transaction will be unencumbered as the holding Company. And at this time Id like to turn the call over to Peter for greater detail on the Property Casualty results. Peter?
Peter Hancock: Thank you, David. Good morning everyone. During the quarter, AIG Property Casualty made good progress towards achieving our goals. We improved our underwriting results and experienced strong investment performance while expenses remained largely stable.  Turning to Slide 8. Operating income was nearly $1.6 billion, which included moderate catastrophe losses of $41 million, favorable net prior year reserve development of $52 million and better than expected net investment income. Continued enhanced risk selection, technical pricing, shifts in our business mix and advances in claims practices contributed to that profitability.  Our accident year loss ratio, as adjusted of 63.2%, is slightly better than trend which has been improving at an average 3 points annually. We expect to continue to see a decline in the accident year loss ratio as a result of our continued underwriting improvements.  This quarter we began recognizing premiums on excess of loss reinsurance at contract inception rather than ratably over the contract term, which will have no effect on full year net premiums written or net premiums earned, but does impact first quarter comparisons. Changes in foreign exchange, driven by the weakening of the Yen and a first quarter catastrophe bond issuance also reduced reported net premiums. Excluding these effects, topline growth was 4%. We continue to expect modest net premium growth in 2013 as our underwriting actions take hold and we write profitable new business. General operating expenses were up slightly on a gross basis and included moderate severance and other personnel charges. Turning to Slide 9, commercials net premium written were up 4% excluding the effect of the immediate of recognition of ceded premiums on excess of loss reinsurance and the catastrophe bond issuance that I mentioned earlier. In addition, last quarter we entered into a new reinsurance program in U.S. excess casualty that reduced commercials first quarter premium by about 1%. That will improve overall profitability. Maximizing risk adjusted profitability through optimization of business mix and underwriting excellence remains the focus of AIG property casualty. The results of these initiatives are most evident in commercial's accident year loss ratio as adjusted, which improved approximately 5 points compared to the prior year. An increase in new business and positive rate changes contributed significant to growth in property which improved 20% excluding the items mentioned above and in financial lines. In the U.S., we saw pricing continue to decline particularly in property and workers compensation, where rates increased over 80%. Partially offsetting this was continued pressures in certain lines within specialty and in Europe, commercial business. Overall, retentions remained strong in those lines of business we wish to grow. Turning to Slide 10. Consumer net premiums written increased over 4%, excluding foreign exchange and the other items mentioned earlier. Accidents and health experienced growth outside the U.S. particularly in individual A&H in Asia Pacific. Personal lines benefited from auto's market share gain in EMEA and expansion in high-value non-auto line. Consumers accident year loss ratio was up slightly from the prior year as 2012 included a $45 million benefit related to changes in actuarial assumptions in accidents and health. Acquisition ratios reflected our investment in the profitable direct marketing channel, which grew approximately 8% and accounted for 16% of total consumer premiums. Slide 11 illustrates our investment portfolio mix. First quarter net investment income increased 11%, reflecting strong alternative investment returns, increased mark-to-market gains on structured securities, and redeployment of excess cash held at year-end. Alternative investment income was almost $120 million above our expected return. The first quarter marked another step on our part to increasing the intrinsic value of AIG property casualty. Our shift to high value business combined with underwriting and claims practice improvements, exemplifies how our focus on balancing growth, profitability and risk is helping to produce better margins. We maintain our commitment to capital efficiency and optimizing our risk profile. In Japan, for example, we recently integrated the majority of our operations under one holding company, which will enable greater capital flexibility and create operating efficiencies. We look forward to contributing our planned full year dividend to the holding company during the remainder of the year. In closing, I am satisfied with our positive momentum. I am confident that this quarter is only the beginning of a successful year. Turning to slide 12, I would like to comment on mortgage guarantees performance and our outlook for this core insurance holding. The first quarter was another quarter of improving profitability and growth in new business. Delinquency counts continued to fall and mortgage guarantee continues to see a growing portion of earned premiums, now almost 50% from high quality business written since 2009 and declining losses from legacy run-offs exposure. We expect UGC is very well positioned to take advantage of an expanding private mortgage insurance market. Profitability is expected to grow over the course of the year and we will continue to capitalize on our unique underwriting approach and strong capital position. Now, I would like to turn it over to Jay.
Jay Wintrob:  Thanks, Peter and good morning everyone. Starting on Slide 13, as you can see, this was another strong quarter for AIG's Life and Retirement business, with a 6% increase in operating income from a year ago to $1.4 billion. The year ago quarter included $246 million gain in the final Maiden Lane II distribution. First quarter operating income growth was driven by the robust equity markets, which contributed to strong investment returns on our portfolios of alternative investments and mark-to-market securities.  Combined with another positive quarter for our investment in PITC common stock, these portfolios contributed approximately $320 million in investment income, above our expected returns. Strong equity markets also contributed to our growth in assets under management, driving increased fee income. The quarter also benefited from lower mortality costs and our continued active management of crediting rates, which dampened the impact of the low interest rate environment. In addition to strong earnings as David mentioned, AIG Life and Retirement provided $1.3 billion of liquidity to the holding Company to dividends and note repayments from our operating life companies. And were on target to deliver on our expected dividends to the holding Company for 2013. Total premiums and deposits this quarter were $5.6 billion, roughly flat with the year ago quarter and 7% higher than the fourth quarter of 2012. 
 -- : Variable annuities were the leading driver of inflows, while fixed annuity showed the greatest incremental improvement in net outflows due to improvement in sales and a decline in surrenders. We continue to see strong variable annuity sales growth and remain comfortable with our product offering, risk management and the overall environment with respect to the VA business. We also remain disciplined at managing our fixed annuity sales and in-force blocks. Our cost efficient, flexible annuity platform based here in Amarillo, Texas and deep relationships with banks in particular, have allowed us to remain the number one provider of fixed annuities through the bank channel. The low interest rate environment, however, obviously continues to negatively impact product demand across the industry. We are now reporting under our new segment presentation and our new segments and the underlying lines of businesses, which we illustrate on Slide 14, after recent organizational changes and how we manage the business and allocate resources. Our results are now broadly reported in two segments, Retail and Institutional. And we also provide profitability and additional supplemental information for certain key businesses. The Retail segment includes our individual life and A&H business, fixed annuities, retirement income solutions, and retail mutual funds and broker-dealer services. Our Retirement Income Solutions business line now includes both variable and indexed annuities, reflecting the fact that (inaudible) of these products rather than focusing only on asset accumulation, are increasingly interested in guaranteed income and today the vast majority of each of these products now include a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit rider option. The Institutional segment includes our Group Retirement business, which was previously reported as VALIC, Institutional markets and AIG Benefit Solutions, our Group Benefits joint venture with AIG Property Casualty, under which AIG Life and Retirement reports 50% of the results. Our Institutional Markets business represents opportunistic offerings, including stable value wrap contracts, structured settlements and pension buyouts. Given our opportunistic approach to the institutional marketplace, combined results will fluctuate from period to period. Slide 15 highlights the product diversity across our segments. The contribution of strong alternative investment returns benefited all product lines this quarter. In addition, active spread management benefited both our Retail and Institutional segments. Total base portfolio yields shown on Slide 16 remain under pressure due to the continued low interest rate environment and total yield or reported yield reflects the strength of alternative investments and a gain on our investment in PICC stock. We expect the base yields could see pressure for the rest of this year as we continue to take gains on certain portfolios of securities in order to utilize capital loss carry forwards that are available to us and due to prevailing low interest rates.  Turning to slide 17, you can see the trend in base yields and net investment spreads, each of our leadings spread (inaudible) fixed annuities and group retirement. Fixed annuities have benefited from our active management of crediting rates and net investment spreads increased this quarter. Approximately 73% of our fixed annuity and universal life account values now are at minimum guaranteed crediting rates and we would expect to continue to actively manage spreads. Group retirement also benefitted from reductions in crediting rates, which offset the impact of shifting into certain lower yielding, higher credit quality invested assets which we mentioned, we began last quarter. When considering our fixed product flows, it is important to note that close to half of our sales and deposits were into products that guarantee minimum interest rates of 1%, while the majority of surrenders, debt claims and other benefits, were paid from products with the guaranteed minimum interest rate of 3% or above. In sum, we are off to a good start to the year with solid earnings and distribution to parent. We plan to continue to execute on our growth strategies by leveraging our strong relationships with distribution partners, to increase sales of our broad product portfolio across all channels, while continuing to look for opportunities to run our businesses in the most effective and efficient manner possible. And now I will turn it back to Liz to open up to Q&A.
Elizabeth Werner: Thank you. Operator, could we open up the lines now for Q&A?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first quarter from Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: There has been a significant amount of news around the [lift] out of the team from AIG property casualty to Berkshire Hathaway. Could you address that and also give us a sense of whether we should anticipate that more of the leadership could depart? Thank you.
Robert Benmosche: Well, I guess I can only tell you that of the top 3300 executives of AIG, during 2012 of the top 30% performers of that group, we retained 94% of those people. So, I know you want to focus on four people in property casualty business. It's a very big and successful business. We are going to lose people to competitors from time to time. We have an outstanding team that is still here. You saw how quickly Peter was able to put new executives in charge. I think the reaction to this step has been very positive. So turn over occurs, but if you can retain 94% of your top 3300 people running this company -- and by the way, 45% of that group have been with AIG more than ten years, 15% of that group more than 20%. So we have experience. We have a deep bench. We have a talented group of people. Not everybody is going to be happy with the company as we go forward, and I can see that our competition is struggling a little bit with their flows and so they are getting in businesses they werent in traditionally. So I think we are fine and we are moving on. So I think this is the only way I can answer the question.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you. And then switching gears, could you provide some insight as to when AIG could reinstate its common shareholder dividend and also resume the share buyback.
Robert Benmosche: What we said is that we are going to focus on our coverage ratio. We are going to continue to focus on liability management. We also want to make sure that we have completed the sale of ILFC, so that that non-core asset is now completed in terms of the sale so that we reduce our debt, for example even though it's not direct but about $25 billion. Thats a key milestone we have to reach. We are continuing to look at our capital plan and doing our stress testing. And we are meeting with rating agencies to make sure that whatever we do does not cause them any concern. And then our second priority is for liability management we said will be a dividend. And after that we would still like to do stock buybacks but we will do it in a very slow and cautious way to make sure that we do nothing to affect our current ratings and that the rating agencies are satisfied with what we are doing to [address] the most important thing for AIG right now, it's to maintain and build on the confidence that we can make guarantees, [book] sometimes with people's lifetimes, and we will be here to live up to those guarantees. So thats our highest priority as we go forward. And so as the year progresses, you can see our numbers, you can see our performance. When we think it's prudent and everyone else feels it's prudent, we will make those decisions.
Operator: Well take our next question from Gregory Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Just wanted to clarify the ROE goal. It's not inclusive of FAS 115 and the DTA. Is that correct from a book value perspective?
David Herzog: That's correct.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: So just to be clear, you take current stated book value of $67 subtract $20 a share and so were really at a $47 book value number and then we grow off of that and we want to earn a 10 ROE against it?
David Herzog: I'm not quite sure I follow your math. Maybe we could do that offline. I think that's probably the best way to handle that.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay. It's just FAS 115 and DTA subtracted from current GAAP book value, but okay. So the goal is 10 ROE ex-FAS 115, ex DTA in 2015. Great. And then the other is just on the capital deployment side. You mentioned $25 billion to $30 billion. Can you update us on how much you have left to do to get to that goal, like how much has been completed and how much more can you do to meet that?
David Herzog: Yeah, sure. This is David. Through 2012 we did $13 billion of common equity share repurchase and thus far this year we've done a little over $2 billion of debt capital management. Again, I gave you the interest savings on that. We don't view maturities that are being funded through cash as part of that capital management. That's just part of the ongoing management of the Company. So the early calls on the hybrids, we do consider that part of our capital management goal. So if you think about it, through the end of this year well have done with what we've already done, plus the planned call on the hybrid, well have done close to $16 billion against that 25 to 30.  So that's how you -- that's where we are to date. And then the Company continues to generate deployable capital. We said $4 billion to $5 billion per year of dividends and distributions from our operating companies. We have interest expense and some parent Company expenses of roughly $2 billion or so a year. And so therein lies the generation of deployable capital. And as Bob referenced earlier, the unencumbered proceeds from ILFC, which will be available at the holding Company for consideration.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Perfect. Thats very clear. Thank you. And then last is just any update on the non-bank SIFI process, the timing. I'm wondering if that's slipping at all and when we might get clarity. And I know that's a bit unfair, but just any help there would be great. Thanks again a good quarter.
Robert Benmosche: I think on the SIFI part of it, were working -- remember we are now being regulated by the Federal Reserve. We've been working through a lot of things with them since they arrived in September. We have a very good working relationship. They have dug into understand a lot about our businesses. They are now in the process of fully examining the way we stress test this organization. So the SIFI process is going to be something we'll have to go through. But I think the biggest issue there probably would be what amounts of additional cushion you may have to have. But as far as the basics, you've got to make sure that you're running these companies, insurance companies, the banks and so on in a sound way.  There is a huge public outcry of making sure that these institutions don't eat taxpayer money. And unfortunately we have not done a very good job as an industry explaining how much has been done in the last four years with over $400 billion of additional capital being raised to strengthen these institutions. So it's very difficult for them to payout based upon the stress test that everyone is going through today. So a lot of progress has been made. People have still not declared victory unfortunately. So I think that's the bigger crowd, but I'm pretty confident that SIFI or not SIFI, at the end we are going to be able to demonstrate financial strength of this Company, that our stress tests are very well done, that we understand risk management, that we've dealt with the non-core assets and that AIG has the financial strength to do its capital management on a go forward basis in a prudent way.  So that's pretty much where we are at and when SIFI comes, it comes, but it will be more about the ratios than the quality of our numbers.
Operator: And we will take our next question from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: I guess either for Bob or for David, you opened the call with commentary about focusing on the core. And my question is when on an internal basis when you strip out some of the noise in the quarter, obviously very favorable overall, I am hoping you can help us discern what you view as the true core underlying earnings and ROE? I know David mentioned ROE on a reported basis was about 11% on equity excluding the DTA but I am interests in your view as to the core results.
Robert Benmosche: I think I will David answer to it. You know we normalize for things that are pluses and minuses and we have gone through some of that. And you got to decide, all of you, I can't give you the answer, John. You guys think about how you want to deal with partnerships and we may want to budget it at 8% or 10%, you guys decide now it's getting to 11%-12%, still core. But I would say that if you look at our accident year information, thats a key indicator. You look at the flows in Jay's business, in that flows, and understand that our losses in terms of surrenders in the fixed annuity [bucket] are at minimum. So therefore thats actually improving the spread. So all of that, I dont know how you would do that but you have to look at, I would say, just his flows, his spread and looking at the mortgage guarantee in the new book of business coming in. And I think in property casualty, the accident year combined ratio is a hell of an indicator. So those are some of the things I would suggest you want to think about as you examine our ability going forward. David?
David Herzog: Bob, I think you have laid that out very well. The items that give rise to variability. Things like the alternative investments or the direct investment book, that will, again, over time pull to a level of intrinsic value that will ultimately be monetized. Again the path from here to there is not a straight line. So again, we give you some broad parameters around what's on the balance sheet vis--vis the direct investment book in terms of the total assets and total liabilities. We also in the financial supplement give you some parameters around what the alternative investments are for each of our core businesses that again you can make some reasonable assumptions based upon the prior performance and your expectations about what the equity markets and the like will do over time. So what we try to do for you is give you a sense of what those underlying variable items are so you can make your own determination and assessment about them again. We are making risk returns tradeoffs in terms of maintaining and holding those assets as we did with, for example, the global capital markets and some of the wind down portfolios in the legacy financial products book. Again, over time, we believe there is intrinsic value thats appropriate for us to hang on to, given the risk return and as it will pull through intrinsic, again over time. So there are some pages in the supplement that give you the underlying balance sheets that you can make those assumptions.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: I guess, maybe suffice to ask it this way. I assume you believe that the core underlying results are right on track or on track with your overall objective, looking out the next couple of years.
David Herzog: I think we remain committed to our long term aspirational goals and the results of the company, the progress that Peter and Jay are making, are the basis that give us confidence to remain committed to those goals.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Thank you. And just a quick follow up on Peter's comments. I may have missed it, he made a comment about commercial property and I wasnt clear on whether it was a 20 point improvement in the accident year loss ratio. It seems like too much or maybe it was a comment on pricing. Could you just clarify that?
John Doyle: Hey, John, it's John Doyle. When you normalize for the accounting changes and some of the reinsurance activity in the quarter, it was a 20% increase in net written premiums in the quarter.
Operator: Well take our next question from Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: You gave some new disclosures on the cash and committed to the DIB at the holding Company, which is very helpful. If you work back from on balance sheet resources adding the unencumbered fixed income investments, you get to a number of around $6 billion, which obviously excludes future proceeds from ILFC or the MetLife escrow, et cetera, but the number is around $6 billion if my math is right. Im just curious, if you put SIFI to the side, what is the right number to hold at the holding company in terms of cash and investment resources knowing youve got CMAs and the way the whole structure works?
David Herzog: Hi Mark, it's David. Thank you. Yeah, your math is correct. If you look at Page 7 of the call deck, you get -- in that zip code, its $5.96 billion as of the end of the quarter. Then again what I said earlier was that again at the holding company we have at the end of the  when we exit 2013, the run rate interest expense will reflect our cash funded maturities and the active or proactive debt capital management that we have undertaken this year. So the interest expense will come down accordingly. But nonetheless well have roughly $2 billion plus -- $2.2 billion, $2 billion something like that in terms of annual expenses at the holding company to be funded. Again, from that -- again, we've not given a specific amount or an algorithm, or a formula, or a stated amount to hold, but that gives you a sense of what prudent financial management would call for. So in any event then you can go from there in terms of how were generating deployable capital for consideration once the SIFI designations are known and we understand the requirements of the stress test, et cetera.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: And then I think you emphasized the $750 million hybrid as the liability management through '13, but you emphasized through '13 and you emphasized liability management generally in talking about the capital position. How should we think about liability management beyond '13?
David Herzog: Well, I think you should think about it as opportunistic, and we will assess the progress that we've made vis--vis our coverage ratios that Bob spoke about earlier and we'll evaluate again all facts and circumstances at that time. So again we've made very good progress in 2013 on the goals we set out to improve our coverage ratio. And, again, I think that as we have done in the past, we will look to optimize returns for all the various stakeholders. And obviously capital management is an important part of that. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: And then just one quick final question, please. I dont know if Brian is there. I assume he is, but how much is the remaining -- what's the update on the remaining pull through intrinsic in the DIB that you estimate currently?
Brian Schreiber: As we said in prior quarters, the pull through intrinsic is holding strong. It's approximately $5 billion, consistent with what we had talked about last quarter. That will obviously be realized over a longer period of time. And again, you're seeing the results coming through in the earnings. As David mentioned, the DIB reaches its half-life in 2017 as another big slug of maturities in '18. So it would be after that point that we'd see a fair amount of that pull through intrinsic, as well as at that point some release of the capital in that business.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: So $5 billion from this point?
Brian Schreiber: That is correct. That also includes not just DIB, but also the Legacy FP.
Operator: Well take our next question from Randy Binner with FBR Capital Markets.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: So I have a question about the yen. And I think about 20% the P&C consolidated premiums come in the form of yen premiums, and I dont believe thats it'd hedged from an earnings perspective. So I understand the [cost] that you gave on, how that effected the top line production, but it didnt seem like there was much bottom line impact this quarter. And so, one, I wanted to clarify that there was not a lot of impact from the yen, and that maybe related to the fact that the combined ratio is relatively close to 100. But then also to ask if you have plans to potentially hedge that more actively going forward if you plan to have profitability improvement.
Peter Hancock: The issue is that Japan, unlike the U.S. is heavily a consumer business and is our largest direct marketing operation which has substantial upfront marketing costs which are expensed in the current period. So from a GAAP net income point of view, you are absolutely right. The bottom line in yen is actually quite small. But the value of new business that we originate, if you were to capitalize that acquisition cost over the expected life of the, persistency of these policies, which are annual policies but have a very high renewal percentage, makes it a very attractive business from a lifetime customer value perspective. So from a value point of view, we are hurt by the weaker yen because that value of new business is reduced, but from a GAAP reported bottom line, we are pretty indifferent. So that does present some hedging dilemmas in terms of GAAP reported volatility. But I think your way of observing the top line impact is where the visible effect of the yen is most notable but that the GAAP volatility as a result of yen volatility is negligible. But from a value point of view that franchise is valuable but it will be realized over the life of these customer relationships.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: I guess, is it correct though that there is not an active hedging program on that value? I guess is there anything about what's going on with the movement in the yen that would make you rethink that?
Peter Hancock: We have currency exposures in all 90 countries we operate in. We manage our currency exposures in a top down way because we have positives and negatives all over the place. We do not do micro-hedging of each line item. So thats all I think I would say about the hedging approach.
Randy Binner - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And there is one more if I could. Just on very good underlying combined ratio on property casualty. Is there more, in business mix, kind of higher value business are phrases that you have used to describe the result. And I think, like John Nadel, I am just kind of wondering what we can run rate going forward. Is there more property business being written here, so it kind of over earns a little bit in a quarter like the first quarter but it could get hit if there is higher cat activity as the year goes on. Is that a major feature of what we saw on an underlying basis in the first quarter?
Robert Benmosche: Well, I will have John elaborate, but I think we made it very clear that we think the first quarter was a light cat quarter. So, yes, the cat quarter needs to be normalized for the normal run rate of cat. We have seen a growth in our property business, especially international property, especially our large limit property. But our aggregate PMLs have been coming down steadily as we manage our aggregations more and more. So I think it's an inherently volatile line and so you need to normalize for cat activity. But, John, you want to elaborate on that.
John Doyle: I would just add that the exposure growth in property -- I mentioned John that the premium growth, net written growth in the quarter was about 20%. But the exposure growth was less than that. We saw about 8%, 9% of price improvement in our portfolio, property portfolio. And as Peter mentioned, our P&L are on now a modest decline year-over-year, so the exposure growth will come outside of cat and really outside of our peak zones in the United States.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: On the alternatives, I know some of these are reported with a one quarter lag. Based on the movements in the markets in the first quarter, do you have any visibility into the 2Q reported numbers? I mean it seems like it's setting up to be a better-than-expected quarter again. Can you just talk about that?
William Dooley: Bill Dooley. Well, Jay, you see the same results for the quarter as I do as far as the general market is concerned and the one quarter lag is only to do with the private equity portfolio. The other one is just a one-month lag on the hedge funds. So I don't want to assume where the markets is going to go, but Im not going agree or disagree with what you just said.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Fair enough. And I guess a follow-up to the last question, Peter you mentioned obviously we need to adjust for catastrophe losses. Do you have sense that excluding catastrophe losses, if loss activity in general was in line or lighter than normal?
John Doyle: Jay, it's John. Our property losses were in line with what we expect, including shock losses in the quarter. I would say that the shock losses are the more than $10 million losses in property were in line with what our expectations were, but higher than a year ago and higher than the fourth quarter.
Operator: Well take our next question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank: First a numbers question. I want to know if you could walk through how much the DT was used during the quarter and how much the valuation allowance came off?
David Herzog: On the valuation allowance, Josh, we took on the DTA -- on the capital loss carry forwards, took down by about $750 million. That was through income and there was about another $50 million or so that came off through OCI. So in total, strategies that produced prudent and feasible transactions were about $800 million or so. And then on the DTA utilization, Jeff Farber.
Jeffrey Farber: Well, it's essentially the same thing, right? We only do our tax return once a year. So when we do the tax return, but you could kind of think about the earnings for the quarter as a surrogate for usage. So we continue to use the NOLs actively and we continue to utilize the life capital as carry forwards as weve disclosed in the quarter.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank: I'm not trying to begrudge, Peter or John, or James, anything. I'm trying to understand the long-term compensation plan a little bit and some of the specific targets. When it says on long-term comp plan, there were specific targets to receive 50% of the bonus, how do those specific targets in the P&C division relate to the aspirational goal of 90% to 95% in 2015?
Peter Hancock: This is Peter. The aspirational goals are laid out in different components. There is a combined number. There is an ROE number. And the one that -- if you want to pick any one of them that is the most important one that we focus on is the ROE one. So we, as you know, gave a range for the combined and if you want to be at the lower end of that range, if interest rates are high and you're getting your results flattened by high investment income and you'd be -- so I think that what we view as the alignment between the compensation plan is effectively an ROE goal. And so if we are on the ROE walk that delivers the 2015 goal, then people will feel pleased. So it's I think a very strong alignment. We set fairly broad goals.  We don't break up the Company into little silos and that's a big change and I think culturally has people working together across boundaries, whether its geographic boundaries or business line boundaries so that everybody wins if we all win as a team. And I think that that's a really showing up in the culture of the Company and our customers are giving us feedback on that. So I think we want to align interest with the shareholders as well as making sure that our units work together across boundary as well. So it is a pool approach of how the property casualty business as a whole achieves its ROE goal, which then drives the ROE goal of AIG.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Peter, did you think its feasible -- look, Id like you to get paid and make a lot of money, but if you dont hit that 95% or below target, do you think its feasible that the ROE goal will be achieved?
Peter Hancock: Yes, absolutely.
Robert Benmosche: Yes, absolutely, you could. It's a question of capital intense products. It's a whole other series of factors that go on here. And what's important is that it's the quality of what we do. Peter has said numerous times that the combined ratio is a consequence of what we do, it's not what we manage. And when you get involved in managing that combined ratio, you could do some dumb things. There are things you can do to reduce your expense ratio, which is reducing your expenses and there are other techniques you could do in financial engineering. We want people to focus on the fundamentals, focus on accident year loss ratios, run this thing in the right way, and in the end we believe the combined will get into that range of 90%, 95%. But most important is you want to continue to grow the quality of the earnings and you want to have a better ROE. And if you continue to grow earnings and improve your ROE and shareholder return continues to get better, and total shareholder return plus earnings per share, those are the key indicators for us, and if that all moves in the right direction then I think people should be paid and they will be paid. So I think their senses are very aligned to doing what's right for the shareholders and theyre in there with the shareholders with the stock-based compensation long-term.
Peter Hancock: I think, I mentioned earlier in the context of discussing yen exposure, direct marketing hurts our combined ratio but creates extremely good value. We've talked many times about the marginal ROE over the lifetime of those customer relationships as being in the 20s, 20%, based on very reliable actuarial histories. And so we wouldn't want to underspend on direct marketing simply to get under the wire on a combined target. We want to do good, valuable business and build long-term customer relationships that make sense. And for the skeptics, we will publish greater and greater detail about those actuarial assumptions so that you don't think that we are foolishly wasting money on growth.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Jay, you mentioned monetizing some capital gains in the life sub. Just curious, how much of the $25 billion in gross unrealized gains is there and how much do you think you can monetize? And I dont know, David, if you can remind us what the timeline for expiration is on those capital losses?
David Herzog: Jay, I will go first, and then maybe you comment, and Bill, if you want to add to it. A very substantial portion, Mike, of the capital loss carryforward DTA expires at the end of 2013. We have, there's about $1 billion or so that spills over into '14 but the bulk of the carryforward expires at the end of this year. Now, the NOLs, just to be clear, the NOLs go out through 2028 and '29. So there's a very ample time there. And then the foreign tax credits are more in the 2020, '21, '22 range. So that gives you a sense of the expiries.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Right. No, this is unrelated to the NOL, DTA, but just purely the capital gains.
David Herzog: Right. And that's why the focus is on 2013. So the harvesting etcetera will, again, will be more opportunistic beyond 2013 and 2014. Bill, you want to comment?
William Dooley: Sure. When you look at just the capital gains by itself, there is other programs that we look at too on harvesting gains for tax reasons. And the gain process itself has been going on now last year and it was restarted in the month of March and it will continue for the next couple of months. But we're using the gain mechanism also to readjust and reposition the portfolio. So the portfolio from a duration standpoint is probably short duration at this time and we're using this as an opportunity to let in the portfolio a little bit. And also better balance against some of the products that are in the life companies. And then another example of this is that we're looking at ways to raise liquidity over the period of time for the life companies and for the other companies of AIG and one of the strategies we've employed is a modified securities lending program and that gives liquidity to the underlying insurance companies. But at the same time, it generates certain types of tax benefits to us on a simultaneous basis. These other transactions and structures that we're using, but the bottom line of everything is its repositioning some of these portfolios that really haven't been repositioned in many, many years.
Jay Wintrob: Mike, this is Jay. I guess Id just add one comment to what's already been said which is obviously it's very economically efficient for us to realize capital gains given the tax loss carry forward position, but we also very carefully focus on what we can do in terms of reinvestment at any given point in time and what the friction costs are including lost investment income if you are not able to reinvest promptly the proceeds of any sales. So weve targeted certain assets for potential sale, but its all subject to what we see in the market in terms of potential purchases and as a practical matter how quickly we can make those purchases.
David Herzog: Just to add to that. Thanks Jay. The amount that we have actually utilized is actually ahead of what we thought we would do originally when we first set forth our aspirational goals back in early 2011. So we will have utilized about half of the amount in which exceeded the 20% to 25% level we were expecting that we could at the time. So, Liz, back to you.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Can I ask one quick follow-up to Peter? Peter, I guess you guys have mentioned before $1 billion run rate or $1 billion savings on expenses in some investments as well. I'm just trying to understand, we saw the expense ratio fall in U.S. commercial. We saw a rise a bit in international consumer and then consumer in North America was a bit lower than we had. Im just trying to reconcile those movements. In particular the G&A expense ratio in U.S. commercial or in North American commercial was really low. Can you help me line those dots up a little bit? Thanks.
Peter Hancock: Ill help you out. I think the basic comment we've made is we have a $1 billion of savings for all of AIG. We have said a good piece of it comes from the fact that were doing this whole technology improvement, rebuilding our platform. Weve gone from 28 data centers down to two. We are moving from 12,500 servers to roughly 2,000 to 3,000, all moved into high secure locations. All of that will give us a lot more cost savings and benefits. We are rolling out a new one claim system for example throughout the Property Casualty business. Thats a huge investment. Our financial architecture, where we have almost 6,000 people at AIG today and working in various aspects of finance. We are rolling our common ledgers and so on, building new processes around that. So this is a fundamental change in how we do business and it's at the highest level. We keep track of those benefits. We're well on our way to achieve that $1 billion goal. So it's not just a focus on Property Casualty. Its really about the overall of AIG. At this point, I think were out of time.
Elizabeth Werner: Thank you, operator. Please, if you have any additional questions, don't hesitate to reach out. Well be here all day and thank you very much for dialing in.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Werner - IR Bob Benmosche - President and CEO David Herzog - CFO Peter Hancock - CEO of AIG Property Casualty Jay Wintrob - CEO of AIG, Life and Retirement [Brian Schreiber - EVP, Treasurer] Charlie Shamieh - SVP, Corporate Chief Actuary John Doyle - CEO, AIG Property Casualty [William Dooley - EVP, Investments & Financial Services and CEO, Asset Management]
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein Randy Binner - FBR Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day and welcome to the American International Groups Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Liz Werner, head of investor relations. Please go ahead.
Liz Werner:   Thank you, and good morning everyone. Welcome to AIGs discussion of their fourth quarter 2012 results. Speaking today will be Bob Benmosche, President and CEO; David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property & Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and available for the question and answer period. Before we get started this morning, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events.  Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2011 Form 10-K under managements discussion and analysis and under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures, to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIGs website, www.aig.com. Now, Id like to turn our call over to Bob Benmosche. Bob?
Bob Benmosche: Thanks very much, Liz, and good morning everybody. As I shared in May of 11 with all of you, that I said the AIG crisis was over as we re-IPO the company. As we look at the fourth quarter of 2012, were just about to close the door completely on all of the issues that AIG faced during this period of time. You saw during the quarter, on our strategic activities - and Im on page three of the presentation - we sold the remaining shares of AIA for $6.5 billion. We entered into an agreement to sell approximately 90% of ILFC. That sale, by the way, is continuing. Were now just starting down the regulatory review process, so thats on its way. We would hope that we could close this in the second quarter of 2012, and at that time we can say the door is completely closed and everything is behind us. We also are building towards the future, and so we made a strategic investment in PICC. That investment, as you saw, is performing well as an investment, but its more important than that. Its strategic. It is allowing us to work with PICC to build a very big and strong life business in China. And of course the Department of the Treasury has now sold all of their shares and they are completely gone. As you look at our liquidity, were sitting here with about $16.1 billion as a result of the AIA sale. And this is on top of very, very strong capital in all of our insurance companies. Were continuing to get strong dividend flows from our insurance companies, which is helping us deal with our strength, especially in this measure of liquidity.  So when we talk about capital management, some of you keep asking, what we said last time is still in place today. Our highest priority is to make sure that we focused on getting high costs out, reducing our expenses for interest, and improving our coverage ratio. As the year progresses, we will then begin to look at things like could we add a dividend to the stock, and also could we have some kind of a modest stock buyback.  But were going to wait until were very, very sure were in great shape, because of what Ive said, its important we retain our ratings, and improve those ratings. You saw some upticks here. We want those upticks to continue. On the AIG Property Casualty business, Peter is going to talk to you this morning, but we see continued, gradual progress in the loss ratio. The mix of business, you can see, is changing, so if you look at the major businesses on the commercial front, we continue to do well on the consumer front. And were able to overcome the fact on direct business, we can no longer amortize that over the life of the policies. Were also getting rate in the commercial arena. So while Sandy took a big hit of $2 billion, which I believe actually reflects the size of AIG and how we do business, and the kind of business we do, but with that kind of a hit in the quarter, you saw we actually made an operating profit in the fourth quarter for the company. Life and Retirement, again, continues to do well. Our variable annuity sales, which are very well-designed, continue to grow at a time when many of our competitors feel the need to contract because of more aggressive features on their products versus what were doing now. We continue to see less sales in fixed annuities, which you would expect in the lower interest rate environment. And in our Mortgage Guarantee business, we did have to take a reserve charge to deal with the fact that as some of the legacy book is now aging, we see less precision, so we made an adjustment on some of the future expected claims, but other than that, the underlying business continues to do extremely well. So were continuing to work hard to make sure that 2013 is a year where you see clearly that all the fundamental investment and hard work in this company is coming to fruition, and youll see us continually work towards our aspirational goals in 2015. What Id like to do now is turn it over to David, who will take you through a little bit more detail on the financials. David? 
David Herzog: Thank you, Bob, and good morning everyone. As Bob mentioned, there was quite a bit of activity on the capital management and the operating fronts this quarter. We remain committed to our aspirational goals including our $25-30 billion in capital management and a 10% ROE by 2015. Debt-to-capital management is a priority, as you have seen from our recent tender.  If you turning to slide four, our fourth quarter net income included a $4.4 billion loss related to the agreement to sell ILFC, which reduced book value per share by $2.97. Book value per share, excluding AOCI, was $57.87, up 15.5% from 2011.  Operating results begin on slide five, and as you can see, Storm Sandy meaningfully affected property casualty results. Sandy losses are coming in as expected at about $2 billion.  Life and retirement delivered another strong quarter, with operating income of $1.1 billion, and strong investment returns. Both Peter and Jay will comment on these results in more detail. The direct investment book and global capital markets benefited from positive marks in the quarter, driven largely by tightening credit spreads. At the direct investment book, NAV came down by about $1.7 billion to $4.8 billion, which is primarily attributable to our ability to extract value and deploy it towards generating incremental parent liquidity. Subject to our stress testing framework to ensure that the direct investment book can meet its liabilities, even under stress scenarios, we will regularly evaluate the DIV for further opportunities to extract value for our company and our shareholders.  As a reminder, the bulk of the hedges associated with the assets and liabilities of the direct investment book reside within global capital markets. Over time, we expect to realize additional value from the DIV and it hedges in excess of what is required to service the liabilities, even under stress. However, its important to note that approximately 60% of the direct investment books debt is maturing in the next five years. So its safe to assume that for the near term, a significant portion of the DIVs maturing assets and their corresponding hedges will go towards satisfying these upcoming liability maturities. Interest expense came in as expected. Corporate expenses, which were slightly elevated in the quarter, included the impact of costs incurred from continuing infrastructure buildout, our branding and advertising expenditures, and some modest restructuring related costs. The effective operating tax rate decreased during the quarter to just under 23%, due to an impact from discrete items as well as some permanent items for the quarter. Looking to 2013, we continue to expect our operating tax rate to be roughly in the 30% range. As you may recall, we will not be paying any U.S. corporate income taxes for some time, given our net operating losses. Slide six shows the current status of our deferred tax assets. Despite losses from Storm Sandy, we will, on a tax return basis, utilize about $4.4 billion of the gross net operating losses in 2012, aided by the non-core asset monetizations. We also utilized a little over $4 billion of our gross capital loss carry forwards. Additional capital loss carry forwards may be realized in the future, if and when other prudent and feasible tax planning strategies are identified. Our capital position remains solid, and on slide seven you can see our debt levels reflect $1.8 billion of senior debt issuances earlier in the year, and our shareholders equity reflects the $13 billion in share repurchases. As we mentioned last quarter, our targeted improvement in the fixed charge coverage ratio is 1-2 turns over the next year or so, through both capital management an earnings growth. Towards that end, we recently announced a tender offer targeting a number of our hybrids and legacy SunAmerica securities.  Weve been very clear about our intention to streamline our balance sheet, and intend to execute on that plan in a very disciplined manner. Between this tender offer, scheduled maturities, and the hybrid calls that are available to us, we believe that we will have made substantial progress towards our liability management goals in 2013.  Anything else beyond this for the remainder of the year is likely to be opportunistic. We continue to optimize our capital structure across the enterprise on an ongoing basis. During the fourth quarter, we invested $500 million in our life and retirement companies and a strategic cornerstone investment in PICC Group that Bob earlier referenced. Our life and retirement companies and our property casualty companies are teaming up to further develop our distribution and sales capabilities in China. Our insurance subsidiaries remain well-capitalized, and above their CMA thresholds, and they are well-positioned to deliver dividends to the holding company going forward. The new CMA levels are effective in 2013, and reset based on our annual refresh of rating agency and regulatory capital models. The property casualty CMA level declined due to the exclusion of the deferred tax asset from the computation. The life and retirement CMA level declined due to the reduction in rating agency minimum requirements and greater capital efficiency from the consolidation of several life and retirement legal entities. Cash flow remains strong, despite that of the effects of Storm Sandy. Slide eight illustrates the pace of the quarterly distributions from the insurance subsidiaries, which was over $5 billion in 2012. In the fourth quarter, post-Sandy, we chose to make a billion-dollar capital contribution to the property casualty companies.  We continue to expect $4-5 billion in annual dividends and distributions from our insurance subsidiaries. Parent company available liquidity is over $16 billion, reflecting the recent AIA sale proceeds. As we stated last quarter, the AIA sale generated about $2.5 billion in deployable capital. And at this time, Id like to turn the call over to Peter, for greater detail of the property casualty results. Peter? 
Peter Hancock : Thank you, David. Good morning everyone. The fourth quarter marked continued progress toward achieving our goals, increasing risk-adjusted profitability, and implementing our main strategic initiatives. This morning, Ill comment on our quarterly performance while discussing our underwriting improvements, efforts to reduce risk and maximize capital efficiency, as well as several profitable growth opportunities. Turning to slide nine, operating earnings exceeded a billion dollars, excluding the $2 billion net Storm Sandy loss. This reflects healthier underlying underwriting results and strong investment performance, partially offset by higher expenses.  The fourth quarter accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, improved to 63.3%, reflecting the steps weve taken to refine business mix and enhance risk selection through predictive modeling, technical price, and account management tools.  The accident year loss ratio has improved approximately 3 points per annum over the last 8 quarters, and we expect that trend to continue in 2013. Fourth quarter net premiums written were flat, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. We experienced growth in high-value products and geographies, offset by non-renewals on underperforming businesses, primarily in U.S. casualty. The steps were taking to improve business mix are producing more favorable underwriting results. We expect modest real net premium growth in 2013, as we pursue new, profitable business and corrective underwriting actions begin to stabilize. In the fourth quarter, net prior year adverse development was a modest $116 million, or 0.2% of total reserves. This was primarily driven by adverse development in casualty, partially offset by favorable development in financial lines and property.  During the quarter, we completed our annual reserve study of workers compensation and other long tail lines, which supported current reserve levels. Despite the long tail nature of workers compensation, the work weve done to identify the structural drivers of losses has increased our confidence in our reserve adequacy.  We continue to actively manage our runoff lines of business. In the fourth quarter, certain pre-2004 environmental business was moved from the commercial segment to other, to improve regulatory capital efficiency and claims handling. Weve revised prior period results to reflect the transfer of this business. This exposure is part of the same portfolio that was subjected to a claim-by-claim review, which we discussed in previous quarters. Although Storm Sandy was most unusual in its nature and path, we do not consider it an outsized event for AIG. Total Sandy losses were 2.7% of AIG property casualties shareholders equity, which is in line with our risk appetite and peer comparisons. Over the past three years, we took deliberate steps to reduce U.S. cash exposure generally. Weve also implemented flood supplements on renewals, instituted changes to deductibles and terms and conditions, and have pushed for rate increases, in particular following Hurricane Irene, which mitigated the extent of Sandys impact. Our primarily responsibility is to our customers, and Im pleased to say that our claims service was recently recognized as best-in-class in response to Sandy by a major global broker.  This quarter we provided additional disclosures on acquisition and general operating expenses to offer more transparency on their main drivers. Acquisition costs grew, as expected, as high-value business including the direct marketing channel accounted for a greater proportion of our overall portfolio.  Were comfortable with higher acquisition expenses as we target business that will increase risk-adjusted profitability. Our investments in technology, talent, and infrastructure impacted the general operating expense ratio, but we believe these initiatives will reduce losses through better claims handling and analytics. In addition, they will drive shared service efficiencies in mature markets and will also help us build scalable platforms to support our growth ambitions in emerging markets.  In the fourth quarter, we recorded approximately $100 million in severance charges. In 2013, we expect the GOE will approximate full year 2012 levels. We continue to expect a decline in GOE beginning in 2014. Turning to slide 10, commercial insurance net premiums written were flat, excluding foreign exchange, a result of growth in high-value business, offset by improved risk selection and rate discipline, particularly in U.S. casualty. In the fourth quarter, we entered into a new reinsurance program in U.S. excess casualty that reduced commercial net premiums written by about 1%, but the agreement is expected to improve overall risk-adjusted profitability. We reported positive rate change in many of the areas where it was most needed in the fourth quarter. U.S. commercial insurance rates increased 8.6%, and property and workers compensation rates in the U.S. increased by 14.6% and 12.4% respectively. However, we continue to observe more competitive positions in Europe and some specialty lines. Commercials accident year loss ratio improved over 5 points on a full year basis, and we believe it should continue to improve compared to full year 2012 results. However, I would not expect its progression to be linear given quarterly fluctuations, as evidenced in the fourth quarter comparisons. Moving on to the consumer business, as most of you are aware, Jeff Hayman recently resigned as the leader of the business. I am working more closely with our experienced consumer management team to advance their business goals as I assume his role on an interim basis. Our broad product set and multiple distribution networks provide significant opportunities for expansion, and we remain very bullish on this business. Turning to slide 11, consumers premium growth, excluding foreign exchange, was approximately 1%, and we are pursuing growth strategies across two major lines of business. Direct marketing remains a focus for us, and it represents 15% of the consumer business. In total, we wrote $1 billion in premiums, in growth economies in the fourth quarter.  We experienced strong growth in Asia-Pacific, excluding Japan, where premiums increased 15%, and Latin America, which had 13% growth over the prior year. Weve pursued investments and joint venture agreements as part of our international expansion plans. A good example is AIGs investment in the PICC group, which strengthens our partnership with the PICC property casualty company. We have also achieved profitable growth through our long term accident and health relationship with PICC and were excited about additional consumer opportunities in China.  We recently announced a bank assurance agreement with HSBC. AIG will act as the exclusive provider of non-life insurance products to customers in Turkey and France through this agreement. We anticipate it will significantly enhance our ability to market A&H products in Turkey, one of our strategic business expansion countries. In Israel, we purchased our partners 50% share in AIG Israel, a successful direct marketing business with strong in-country brand recognition.  Slide 12 demonstrates our investment portfolio mix. Fourth quarter net investment income increased 21%, reflecting strong alternative investment returns. We achieved greater diversification by further reducing our concentration in municipal bonds and investing in higher yield securities while remaining aligned with AIGs overall risk appetite. We made $902 million in dividend payments to AIG parent in the fourth quarter, bringing our full year 2012 total to $2.5 billion, before the $1 billion capital contribution that David referred to. Our capital efficiency efforts, which include legal entity simplification and restructuring of reinsurance arrangements, helped make 2012 our largest dividend paying year in recent history. 2012 included a series of achievements that contributed to advancing AIG property casualtys intrinsic value. Our shift to high-value business and underwriting improvements produced better margins. We maintained our focus on capital efficiency and optimizing our risk profile. Finally, investments in our business, people, and profitable growth opportunities provided us with a strong, competitive advantage. In closing, Im satisfied with the progress weve made, and Im confident well build on our success in 2013. Now Id like to turn it over to Jay. 
Jay Wintrob : Thank you, Peter, and good morning everybody. Ill begin on page 13. AIG life and retirement delivered another strong quarter, with operating income growth of 20% for the quarter and 27% for the full year. Our results continue to benefit from actions on both the asset and liability sides of the balance sheet to manage spread income and the current interest rate environment from growth in assets under management and related fee income growth, aided by strong fixed income and equity markets and from continued expense management. The fourth quarter also benefited from strong alternative investment returns, a $57 million gain on our investment in PICC Group, and a net favorable [back and] reserve unlocking of $41 million.  These items were partially offset by less-favorable individual life mortality results, though still in line with pricing assumptions, and a loss recognition reserve strengthening of $61 million on legacy long term care business written between 1997 and 2001. We no longer write long term care insurance, and have total runoff reserves of $245 million.  For the full year, operating income was $4.2 billion, up from $3.3 billion last year, due in large part to improved net investment spreads. While reported earnings growth will be challenging this year due to continued low interest rates and certain one-time positives this year, in 2012, we will continue to proactively address the low rate environment and actively manage net investment spreads. As David mentioned, in the fourth quarter AIG life and retirement was a significant contributor to capital management, providing $440 million of liquidity to the holding company through dividends and distributions from our operating life companies, thus bringing our full year 2012 total to $2.9 billion. Our year end RBC ratio is estimated at approximately 510%, well above our capital maintenance agreement threshold of 385%.  In the fourth quarter, sales results once again reflect the value of our diversified business model. Variable annuity sales were strong at $1.2 billion in the quarter, just short of our high water mark in the second quarter of 2012. For the full year, VA sales were at an all-time record $4.6 billion, up 42% versus 2011. As Bob mentioned, we benefited from some dislocation in the VA market this year, although we remain a relatively small percentage of industry sales. More importantly, our competitive product offerings, designed and priced with risk control as a primary goal, were embraced by the market. Longer term, we would expect product innovation and broadening distribution to continue to drive sales, and looking ahead to this year, VA sales growth should continue, although not at the same growth rate as in 2012. Fixed annuity sales did improve sequentially in the quarter, but do remain low relative to historical levels. Lower fixed annuity sales and an increase in large group surrenders at VALIC contributed to negative net flows for the fourth quarter.  We also voluntarily waived certain surrender restrictions on VALIC contracts with high guaranteed minimum rates, which contributed to the higher surrender activity. While were taking actions to improve our deposit growth in 2013 through expanded distribution and growth initiatives in all of our business lines, low interest rates, should they continue, are expected to restrain fixed annuity sales growth in particular. We completed the merger of six life insurance operating legal entities into American General Life Insurance Company at year end 2012. Besides improving the capital efficiency of our remaining three life operating companies, and providing expense savings, this merger, along with our reorganized and united distribution organization, will make it easier for distribution firms and producers to do business with us and better position us to sell multiple products across all of our distribution channels. We plan to modify our presentation of results to reflect our new organizational structure in the first quarter of this year. We mentioned our investment in the PICC group earlier. And in close collaboration with our colleagues at AIG property casualty, we are currently negotiating a definitive agreement with PICC Life Insurance Company to establish a joint venture to distribute life insurance and other insurance products through a specialized agency force. With a focus on major cities in China such as Beijing, Shanghai and Tianjin. Were also negotiating reinsurance and other economic sharing agreements with PICC Life for jointly developed products. Well be providing more information on these activities once the final agreements are executed with PICC Life. Moving on to slide 14, weve provided additional information on our asset allocation and investment portfolio yields. While portfolio-based yield for the full year increased the 5.43%, we continue to see modest pressure as we reinvest currently at lower rates. The fourth quarter base yield of 5.33% is down from the third quarter base yield of 5.38% and of course down from the 5.44% a year ago. As we mentioned in our press release, our total yield in the quarter benefited from strong alternative investment returns and the gain on our PICC stock investment. Our total fourth quarter yield, as reported, of 6.09%, is up from 5.86% in the third quarter and 5.33% a year ago. This quarter, alternative investment returns were higher than our expected trend, while the fourth quarter a year ago was below expected trend. And full year total yield, again, was 6.04% versus 5.63% a year ago. Turning to slide 15, we continue to proactively manage net investment spreads. Western national crediting rates declined both sequentially and year over year, contributing to the improvement in net investment spreads.  VALICs crediting rates have been relatively stable since the second quarter, and spreads have consequently declined due to slightly lower portfolio yields, both due to lower reinvestment yields and the fact that we have been repositioning the VALIC portfolio to improve credit quality. Close to two-thirds of our fixed annuity and universal life account values are currently at guaranteed minimum crediting rates, up from 45% at the end of 2011. In closing, with a very solid 2012 behind us, we remain focused on our strategic initiatives for 2013. Increasing sales of profitable products, proactively managing interest spreads, growing our assets under management, increasing our life insurance and force, and of course improving our return on equity. And at this time, Ill turn it back to David. 
David Herzog : Thank you, Jay. On slide 16, youll see the growth and improving operating trends of our mortgage guarantee business. The loss in the quarter was due to a reserve strengthening, which was tied to more conservative assumptions for the cure rates, which I think Bob referenced earlier. So with that, Id like to turn it back to Liz for Q&A. 
Liz Werner: Thank you, David. Operator, can we open it up for questions now?
Operator: [Operator instructions.] And well take our first question from Mike Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs : Peter, you commented on the 3 point loss ratio improvement. Is that in just U.S. commercial? Is that overall commercial? Or across the entire book? And can you help us understand what is driving that? Is it mix? Or in the future do you expect it to be less mix and kind of a more rate driven margin?
Peter Hancock : To be precise, if you draw a trend line through the total P&C accident year loss ratio over eight quarters, its an annualized decline of about 2.6% per annum. Its a bit more of a rapid improvement in the fourth quarter, but thats slightly out of line of trend, because you had an elevated number in Q4 11 versus a depressed level in Q4 12.  So as you normalize that out, you can think about an improving trend of about 2.6 per annum. Its the result of a number of initiatives that we have signaled very clearly: business mix shift, as we re-underwrite out of business lines where we had clear unattractive economics and managing the account relationships in multiline relationships in an intelligent way to shift to a better mix of business by customer, by geography. But also through greater use of analytics and technical pricing models, and segmentation at a more granular level.  And then finally, through a number of initiatives to reduce claims leakage, where we are seeing significant benefits from applying analytics to fraud management, management of legal expense, and other factors. So we continue to see progress, no let up in that trend, and were making a conscious tradeoff between expense and loss ratio as we improved the quality and repeatability of our business. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: So when you look ahead, you expect to see continued improvement on the loss ratio. The expense ratio is higher as you make these investments, but that should begin to recede in 14. So the net should be the overall combined continuing to fall once you get to 14 and beyond. Is that kind of how I should read that comment?
Peter Hancock : Correct. So we stand by our aspirational goals that we laid out 18 months ago, which have an ROE of the business north of 10%, a combined ratio between 90% and 95%. And the interplay between that combined ratio target and the ROE target is a function of interest rate environment. And so we feel that were on the path, and continuing to implement the initiatives I mentioned.
Operator: For our next question, we go to Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein. 
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein : Id love to start with Peter, and first of all, say thank you from all the investors who you guys must have spent a year working on the improvements to the disclosures in the K and sort of crystalizing the story. So normally I ask a more detailed question. Im not sure that I have to this time.  Id love to ask a higher-level thing, though, which is sort of a follow up on Mikes commentary. When you add up a couple of points, it sounds like three is a reasonable target of loss ratio improvement next year. And you assume that continues for perhaps into 14. And then you assume that expenses start to improve as well when you get to 2014. Is it right to say that sort of implicitly you guys think youll be running at a low 90s accident year ex-cat combined ratio by 2014? 
Peter Hancock : I think we havent provided a specific guidance on ex-cat, so I wouldnt want to go beyond what weve indicated is our goal, which is 90-95 combined, which includes a normalized cat number in it. I would also reemphasize what Ive said many times before, that I prefer to view the combined ratio and ROEs as outcomes of what were really trying to optimize which is growth in risk-adjusted profitability, which may give rise to a slightly higher or lower combined than the numbers I mentioned for ROE, because were looking at the quantity and quality of earnings to really get that balance right between profitability, growth, and risk. But we believe that doing so is completely consistent with guidance that weve given to date on those aspirational goals.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein : David, I want to switch over and just talk about capital briefly. Thank you for the clarification on the debt tender. And generally, I think I understood you to say that you guys are looking to only do opportunistic things once you sort of cover the two debt deleveraging initiatives youve targeted.  The question Id love to talk a little bit more about is not the rating agencies, but rather the Fed. Your chairman had a bunch of interesting comments in your letter around how closely the board has been working with the Fed. Id love it if you guys could sort of bring us up to date broadly on all the things you did to get Fed-ready, and where you are now in terms of conversations with the Fed. And ultimately, when you will, or perhaps you already have had, the conversations around just establishing what the level of capital from AIG needs in the world it now exists in. 
David Herzog : Ill start off, and welcome others to join in. I would characterize the conversations with the Fed really as constructive, open, and frequent, I think is the clearest way I can describe that for you. So with that as a backdrop, were not going to comment on specifics, but again, we continue to work with the Fed to prepare ourselves for what we believe will ultimately be designated as a SIFI.  And weve taken great steps to prepare ourselves through mock exams, through enhanced documentation of procedures and the like, and processes and risk limits and the like, working hand in hand with Sid Sankaran, our chief risk officer, and then our Treasury group in terms of providing reporting and controls around liquidity and stress tests and forecasts.  So as we prepare ourselves for eventual SIFI designation, well put ourselves as best we can to carry on with the capital management objectives that weve laid out. But again, I would go back to my first characterization, constructive, open, and frequent. So with that, Bob, do you want to add anything to that? 
Bob Benmosche : You know, I think David covered it well. Theyre here. Theres a lot to be looked at. You know, some days you wish you could have a simple company, but then we wouldnt be AIG. So theyre working through it, and theyre doing it very effectively, and we have a good partnership and Im sure that they will be able to get a better sense of us in the months to come. But its a long road, because theres a lot to learn.
Josh Stirling - Sanford Bernstein : Thats helpful. Very briefly, David, the debt tender that you guys have just announced? Those are for hybrids that at least in the old days would have been thought of as sort of capital for the purposes of the Fed. Did you have to satisfy to them that you guys would be sufficiently well-capitalized after you reduced your capital for the tender thats on track to be completed?
David Herzog : Again, were in the tender. Were not going to comment on any specific conversations weve had with our colleagues at the Fed. Again, I think were targeting those securities that are most efficiency, effective for us in terms of our capital structure, the cost of them, and the like. So I think as weve done in the past, weve targeted our capital management activities to those securities that are most beneficial to our many stakeholders. Brian, you want to add anything to that? 
[Brian Schreiber]:  No, I think that sums it up. And again, these are securities that are generally viewed as having sort of low capital content, and certainly looking forward into what we anticipate will be the regime in which the securities will be evaluated, theyll have even less capital credit in the future.
Operator: We now move to Randy Binner with FBR. 
Randy Binner - FBR: I wanted to ask a question about the reserves, in particular with the 10-K data, there was kind of continued drag from excess and primarily casualty. So a couple of questions there. One is was that drag mostly legacy? It kind of looks like it, meaning 02 and prior. How should we think about the 02 and prior years? Because they obviously had significant drag before the last two years, but now it seems like its a deficiency of maybe a half a billion a year. Can we get some color on kind of where that stuff is coming from from an adverse perspective? And if we can kind of plan on half a billion of drag there from the 02 and prior going forward? 
Peter Hancock : Im going to ask Charlie Shamieh, our chief actuary, to comment on that. But I would not in any way annualize any number that you just did in terms of deficiency. We look at our reserves on a quarterly basis with a clean slate every time to make sure that we are adequate at any given time. So any kind of correlation of adjustments up or down from quarter to quarter is entirely coincidental. So why dont we turn it over to Charlie?
Charlie Shamieh: Ill just respond to your question about the excess casualty line and in terms of legacy versus current business. The vast majority of that was actually related to our runoff portfolio and our public entity business, general liability. And the number in the 10-K represents the latest quarter, and also prior quarters, where we saw a deteriorating experience. That portfolio has been in runoff since 2008.  On the primary casualty side, the main driver of that was more general liability and especially on property damage, and it was much more of a severity issue, as we disclosed in the 10-K. And coming from more recent years. And we dont see any of that as an indicator of future adverse development. We believe the reserves are very adequately set to our best estimate today. 
Randy Binner - FBR : Theres an above-average amount of legacy reserve drag from AIG versus other insurers, so the color is helpful. The other question I had is, you know, D&O had a favorable result in 12, and so just kind of some color on what accident years that came from how thats trending.
Charlie Shamieh: Well, the main year in D&O, which was favorable in financial services, was the 2010 year, and as were emerging from what we had referred to earlier as the credit crisis years, we have a lot more data and actual reported claims and paids on those claims, and they are coming in more favorably than we had anticipated. And that was the major driver of the $307 million favorable result in 2012.
David Herzog : John Doyle, do you want to elaborate on that?
John Doyle: You know, I think theres been a lot of commentary on the financial lines business overall. Ive heard from other markets, and we have a terrific book, a well-diversified book, around the world. That continues to perform well. And we saw growth in the portfolio. We saw improved rate in the portfolio during the course of the year as well. So financial lines is a mix of product, so there are certain segments in the U.S. market primarily, that do need some improvement, and were focused on that. But we continue to be very pleased with our business there overall.
Randy Binner - FBR : So, in laymans terms, though, the concerns a lot of people had about D&O exposure from the financial crisis, it seems that those are fading at the same time youre getting rate going forward. And so thats the dynamic right now in D&O, broadly speaking? 
John Doyle : Yeah, I think thats right. I think we probably have a better balanced book than some as well. But yeah, we continue to get improved pricing and terms in the book, although most of thats in the U.S. Its a bit more competitive from a price point of view outside of the U.S. But yeah, we continue to be pleased with that business overall.
Operator: And now we move to Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. 
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : Just quickly following up on Randys question, I noticed there were some deficiencies in 05 and 07, which is somewhat irregular given what weve seen elsewhere. Can you talk about those years in particular?
Peter Hancock : I think youll have to elaborate on your question, Josh.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : If I break out the development for 2012 by accident year, I get very favorable results in 08, 09, 10, 11, deficiencies prior to 02, and then I get a mixed bag in the hard market years. Some were redundant, but some were deficient. I dont see too many companies out there reporting any deficiencies from the hard market years.
Charlie Shamieh : A lot of the movements that youre observing, which as a percentage of reserves are very trivial, less than 1%, are really attributable to some large losses that we have reported in the 10-K that go back to those accident years, especially on our occurrence based casualty lines of business, where that is not an unusual occurrence. So its very hard to extract a trend from the numbers that youre looking at, as thats not at all the way we look at it. I draw your attention, for example, to the disclosure on page 94 for the healthcare business, which gives an indication of just that occurrence.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : Okay. Ill pay close attention there. And on the debt repurchase, can you contrast what youve currently reported to your thoughts about debt refinancing some of the hybrids as opposed to repurchasing them? And if youre going to repurchase, why not start with the callable bonds that are trading at par rather than ones trading at premiums?
David Herzog : I think the simple way to think about that is we maintain financial flexibility to the largest extent possible, and the calls are available to us, and it gives us the flexibility that we desire. Brian, you want to comment further? 
[Brian Schreiber]: No, I think you summed it up well. We believe by doing the tender first, and having the calls available, well be able to most effectively meet our liability management goals for the year.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : And [unintelligible] about issuing some debt to give yourself greater flexibility for repurchasing some of the hybrids?
David Herzog : We havent made any of those decisions yet, and well do so if and when appropriate. 
Operator: And for our next question we move to Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions. Maybe the first one for Peter. Can you talk about what youre seeing from a pricing standpoint in 2013 in January? You must have some data already.
Peter Hancock : Ill have John elaborate on this, but I think that for the most part we continue to see continued improvement in rate in U.S. commercial lines. And thats good news, because it was needed there. So were getting closer to rate adequacy, but were still not at rate adequacy in the longer tail casualty line. So its got a ways to go.  Europe is softer, but were starting from a much more rate adequate environment there, and in a couple of specialty lines, were actually seeing a softer market in particular in aviation. But John, if you want to elaborate on that, perhaps you want to add to that? 
John Doyle : I think Peter hit the theme. Casualty pricing in the fourth quarter in the U.S. for us was up just about 10%. Property pricing was up 14%. We expect continued casualty pricing improvements in 2013, and so far its met expectations. So theres a lot of capacity out there, so I do think the larger players in the market are being disciplined.  And the reality is the entire industry needs to drive a better underwriting result given the current interest rate environment. So pricing is moving in the right direction there, and were not just relying on pricing.  Were focused, obviously, on a lot of other levers that Peter mentioned in terms of mix that are better terms, better engineering, better underwriting tools, etc., claims tools, that will drive further improvement. But price continues to move in the right direction there. One, the big Continental Europe renewal date, a little bit better than the fourth quarter, but again, lagging the U.S. as Peter indicated.  So were optimistic about the environment. Other geographies, where property pricings been improving, which is important to us, and so we dont see much to get in the way in the near term of some decent pricing improvements in the early part of 2013. 
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : The second question, if I look at the proceeds from AIA and the eventual proceeds from ILFC, it doesnt sound like youll be using them either for buybacks, and you certainly wont be using all of that for debt repayment. What should we assume in the near term happens to those proceeds? I guess theyll generate some investment income. Where will that show up in your numbers?
David Herzog : Weve not given a projection about future capital actions, capital management actions, that we will take. As weve said, we remain committed to the $25-30 billion over the period through 2015. And I think a safe assumption would be that well put the money to work at the parent company level for a period of time until we assess our financial flexibility and our capital position, our liquidity position, and then carry on with the capital management. Bill? 
[William Dooley]: Were in the process, because cash now is building up at the parent level. And weve already sat down, between the risk group and the investment group, and the capital management group, to look at exactly what free cash will emerge over this period of time, and into the future, for the parent. The parent over the last few years has not had excess cash to any great degree to invest in longer term securities. So were in the process right now of putting together investment plans. Weve already started to invest some of the money in very conservative investments at the moment to get additional yield on additional investment. 
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : And does that show up in capital markets earnings? Where would it show up in your actual presentation?
David Herzog : It will show up in the parent. 
Operator: And well move now to Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: I had a couple of questions. First, for Peter, you mentioned you expect the loss ratio to improve over time, and if I look at the loss ratio ex-cat and development in the fourth quarter, the 63.6%, it was one of the best levels youve had in a long, long time. So do you expect an improvement off of these levels as well? Or was this partly because of just unusually low non-cat claims? And then maybe for Bob, on capital management, you mentioned several actions, debt reduction buybacks, dividends, do you expect to do these simultaneously, or should we expect that youd reduce the debt and improve your coverage by the one to two turns you mentioned before paying dividends or resuming buybacks?
Peter Hancock : I would take you back to an earlier question, where I tried to give as much guidance as to how to think about the trend in [action year] loss ratio. Look at the last 8 quarters, do a regression line through them, and see that the fourth quarter of last year is below that trend line. That trend line is declining at a rate of about 2.6 pointe per year. Thats not a bad estimate for what we think will happen going forward. So yes, theres a little bit of a fair wind in the fourth quarter, but I think that continued improvement is embedded in our expectations and our strategies. So I think thats a fair assumption to make.
Bob Benmosche : On the capital management side, what weve said is some of its geography, and some of it is reducing interest expense, which would be our debt reduction and improving profits. All of that gives you a better coverage ratio, covered by the operating companies. And so thats our highest priority. Continues to be our highest priority.  We are working very closely with the rating agencies to make sure they are comfortable. Keep in mind that we came out of this crisis much more rapidly than anybody - I wont say anybody, but Im not sure there arent more than two or three of you on the phone that was with us three years ago realized when wed get to where we are today. And so the speed that this has occurred in, they just want more time to see us continue to evolve with the good, solid earnings that youve seen so far.  Having said that, as they continue to be comfortable, as we continue to perform through the year, we continue to make progress on our coverage ratio. What Ive said was I would love to be able to put a dividend on the stock. I think that makes sense, because it increases the number of potential shareholders for this company.  And as we continue to progress through the year, to the extent we could do a share buyback, wed like to be able to do that as well. But were going at a pace so that clearly were looking for, as you saw, with two ratings [unintelligible] already, with [unintelligible] pieces of our company starting to turn positive and potential upgrade.  So an upgrade to AIG over the next couple years, I think, would be the important statement that says we have accomplished a strong comeback as an investment-grade company. And thats the goal we have, and 2015 is our aspirational date, and were still marching pretty quickly towards that date and the things we need to achieve for it. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And then on the ILFC proceeds, lastly, if we think about the sales price, youre getting 90% of that, assuming that you end up selling 90%, youre putting back $1.1 billion into ILFC. If you were to get out completely from ILFC, would you get that billion back? Or is that sort of a permanent contribution back to ILFC?
David Herzog : Think of it as just a settlement of an intercompany pooling, pooling cash. So its going to go back to them when we close. Liz? 
Liz Werner:   Operator, wed like to end the call at nine, but we do have a number of follow up questions, so to anyone whos still in the queue, we will certainly be getting back to you as soon as we get back to our desks. And thank you everyone for dialing in this morning.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the American International Group's Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Elizabeth Werner: Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning and all your efforts last night in the face of some of the challenges, given the hurricane. I do want to just let you all know that management's dialing in from multiple locations, so we just ask you to be a little patient, particularly during the Q&A period. 
 But on the line today we have our senior management team, including Bob Benmosche, President and CEO; David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. 
 I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward-looking statements.
 Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2012 Form 10-Q, our 2011 Form 10-K and our Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2012, under Management's Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation to expressly disclaim any -- or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIG's website, www.aig.com.
 Now, I'd like to turn our call over to Bob Benmosche. Bob? 
Bob Benmosche: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everybody. We've got a crisis that we're all facing, but it seems like a lifetime ago, but during the third quarter, we did, in fact, do another major repurchase of our shares. And the Treasury was able to sell down to less than 16% of AIG. So for the year, we've been able to buy back $13 billion of our shares, $8 billion just in this quarter alone. And we've also -- by the way, I'm on Page 3 for those of you following the presentation -- also made good progress on our bank facilities and other unsecured lending especially at ILFC.
 Big question was once we did the sell-down, what would happen about regulation and who would be our regulator. And the Federal Reserve has, in fact, begun its supervision of AIG. I'm going to also add that people wondered what would happen with our capital management program once that happens. While our focus has been on share buyback, up until now our focus going forward is on capital management, working closely with the Fed, in terms of what we're able to do. We're going to now focus on our coverage ratio and that's going to be looking at our debt and our ability to cover the debt with earnings.
 On the Property Casualty side, again, we see good progress in terms of our reshaping that business. Peter will give you more color in just a moment. We are seeing rate increases and we should focus on our accident year, because that's where we're making progress in terms of the changes we're making. You'll see gradual improvement, which we said would occur. And we're continuing to focus on making sure that our reserves stay strong and we're working through making sure any development is dealt with very, very conservatively.
 On the AIG Life and Retirement business, we had, again, a good quarter. The markets helped us a little bit. We did have some adverse impact, and Jay will take you through a couple of the items from the past that we dealt with in this quarter. Our variable annuities sales and we've talked before about how we designed that product, we think we have a very good risk-managed product just in this design alone, and so our sales continue to grow. And Jay will talk a little bit about our base yields and what's happening in this low interest rate environment.
 Last, but not least, on the Mortgage Guaranty. We continue to see great progress in that business as the market begins to turn and we're having huge success with the way we're now underwriting mortgages, so that will be an add for us. One thing that David will talk about is ILFC in terms of where we are, in terms of managing that business, but more importantly, we still are committed to an IPO of that business once the markets are receptive. 
 So let me turn it over to David who will start giving you some more color on the things I've just talked about. David? 
David Herzog: Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As evident from our results, it's been another busy quarter here at AIG as we continue to execute, both on the capital management and on the operating front. As we look towards the remainder of the year and 2013 and beyond, capital management will remain a focus and core competency at AIG. We remain committed to our goal of $25 billion to $30 billion in capital management by 2015 and we're over halfway there or roughly halfway there at this point. 
 We've described capital management to include more than just share buyback and this is a good time to remind you that we will consider acquisitions, investment in organic growth, debt capital management and certainly, maintaining strong capital at our operating companies, all aimed at effectively utilizing our deployable capital, increasing enterprise value, while also improving our interest coverage ratio that Bob just mentioned. All of the above options would be considered in the event of a sale of our AIA shares. 
 As Bob said, we do not know what will be required under Fed regulation and we view this as being -- will be prudent given our expectations of becoming a nonbank SIFI.
 With respect to AIG's capacity for capital management, we believe, again, if we were to sell -- hypothetically sell our AIA shares, that we'd have approximately $2.5 billion of deployable capital now, and subject, of course, to discussions with the Federal Reserve, as well as rating agencies in terms of the actual deployment.
 For potential actions in the fourth quarter, we have about $1.1 billion of hybrids that become callable in December and we may consider calling those bonds. 
 Turning to Slide 4 for the financials. You can see that after-tax operating earnings per share grew to $1 a share from a $1.58 loss a year ago. Growth was driven by increased earnings from both the Property Casualty and Life and Retirement segments.
 Book value per share was $68.79. Excluding AOCI, book value per share was $61.41, up 10% sequentially. Share buyback contributed nearly $5 to this quarter's book value growth. 
 The effective operating tax rate increased during the quarter to just over 35%, due in part to a shift in the investments to taxable securities in our Property Casualty group and a third quarter, what I'll call, catch-up, reflecting higher full year income projections as well as a, what I would refer to as a return of provision true-up in the normal course that added a couple of points to the tax rate in the quarter. Going forward, we would expect our tax rate to be in the 30% to 31% range over time. As you know, we will not be paying -- actually be paying any taxes for some time, given the availability of our NOLs.
 On Slide 5, it provides a breakdown of the segment operating earnings, which reflects the 87% growth in operating income from our insurance operations, and Peter and Jay will provide additional insights in a moment. This quarter, the gains in the Direct Investment book benefited from credit spread tightening and gains recognized from winding down positions.
 As we have said in the past, our strategy has been to maximize the value during the runoff of this book. We may decide from time to time to terminate trades opportunistically for a variety of reasons, including derisking. 
 We expect over half of the Direct Investment Book liabilities to run off by 2017. To date, we have realized significant value from an orderly and opportunistic wind-down.
 ILFC's results for the quarter reflected $98 million in impairment charges on aircraft, largely from the completion of our annual detailed portfolio review. While this is significant decline from the prior 2 years, it's a good time to remind you that there were significant industry trends driving those impairments, including the introduction of more fuel-efficient aircraft like the NEO.
 Also, as a reminder with respect to ILFC, AeroTurbine, our part-out company, gives us another end-of-aircraft life opportunity to optimize value. 
 Slides 6 and 7 highlight our capital structure and liquidity. We remain well capitalized, with debt-to-total capital ratio of 20%. While leverage ratio is appropriate, we as a management team, as Bob said, are focused on improving our coverage ratios. The rating agencies have given us indications of expected improvements for an incremental increase in our coverage ratios over the next 12 to 18 months, and we intend to achieve these improvements through a combination of liability management and improvements in operating earnings in our core businesses.
 Cash flows from our insurance companies remain strong. We've already received roughly $5.3 billion in dividends from our insurance operations through the end of October, exceeding our annual target of $4 billion to $5 billion in dividends. These dividends of $5.3 billion includes $1.3 billion we received post quarter end. 
 So, at this time, I'd like to turn it over to Peter for a discussion of AIG Property Casualty. Peter? 
Peter Hancock: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. First, I'd like to make a brief comment regarding Hurricane Sandy. Right now, our immediate goals are obviously to safeguard our employees and to assist our customers. But it is too early to conclude how severe the storm is going to be from an insurance standpoint. So we're reaching out to customers, making sure our claims reporting information is available to them and standing by to assist them.
 But turning to our results, AIG Property Casualty continued to make progress in the third quarter. While I'd prefer the pace of change to be quicker, we remain on track with our strategic initiatives.
 As Slide 8 of the earnings presentation indicates, we reported operating income of $786 million in the third quarter, compared to $492 million in the comparable prior year period. The increase was driven by lower catastrophe losses, current accident year underwriting improvements and higher net investment income, partially offset by increased expenses.
 We recorded $261 million in catastrophe losses in the quarter, largely from crop losses related to the droughts in the U.S. Midwest and Hurricane Isaac. We believe that losses related to Hurricane Isaac were less severe than our business would have experienced in prior years, due to our focused efforts to carefully manage exposures to U.S. catastrophes.
 Third quarter net prior year adverse development was $145 million or 0.2% of our total reserves. The result was primarily driven by adverse development in environmental and primary casualty and the impact of changes in New York State benefit reforms on our workers' compensation business. 
 The accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, was 66.5%, nearly a 2-point improvement over the comparable prior year period, despite an unusual increase in non-catastrophe property severe losses. We view the improvement in accident year loss ratio over the past several quarters as a strong indicator that our strategies to optimize business mix, pricing and risk selection through enhanced underwriting tools are succeeding.
 We continue to balance growth, profitability and risk, measuring the success of our initiatives based on overall risk-adjusted profitability. However, we maintain the capital and resource flexibility to respond to changes in market conditions.
 Our organizational structure promotes underwriting excellence as we've consolidated our underwriters into global teams versus the silo structure that existed in the past. We've empowered our employees to implement state-of-the-art underwriting tools and hire new talent to supplement our bench of existing talent.
 Partially offsetting the loss ratio improvement was an increase in the expense ratio. As we've communicated in prior quarters, the expense increase was largely due to higher acquisition costs, as we focused on higher-value lines and from greater investment in direct marketing.
 General operating expenses also increased from investments in people and infrastructure. Expenses will continue to remain elevated over the next year as we invest in these priorities. We expect to start to realize efficiencies and to experience a gradual decline in net expenses beginning in 2014. 
 Property Casualty's net premiums were up 2.4% compared to prior year after adjusting for foreign exchange. 
 Turning to Slide 9. Commercial Insurance net premiums were down slightly excluding foreign exchange. We completed the restructuring of our loss-sensitive business in U.S. casualty, which reduced premiums written by almost 1% in the quarter, but improved capital efficiency. The remainder of the decline reflected risk selection and rate discipline strategies, particularly in U.S. casualty.
 U.S. Commercial Insurance rates increased 8.4% while Property and Workers' Compensation rates in the U.S. increased 12.1% and 8.9%, respectively. We're encouraged by the rate environment, overall, but some lines and regions remain under pressure and we'd not characterize this as a hard market.
 Consumer Insurance continued to experience growth across its major lines of business. As you can see from Slide 10, this attractive segment, which includes the direct marketing channel, represents over 40% of net premiums year-to-date. We also continue to expand in targeted growth economy nations, which contributed over $1 billion in premiums. Notably, we grew by approximately 14% in Latin America and 10% in Asia Pacific, excluding Japan, during the third quarter.
 Slide 11 demonstrates our investment portfolio mix. Third quarter net investment income increased 20% as a result of positive marks on recently acquired structured securities. AIG Property Casualty is tailoring its strategic asset allocation to optimize profitability in the current low interest rate environment, while remaining aligned with AIG's overall risk appetite and tax position. We continue to diversify our portfolio into higher-yielding securities and reducing our concentration in municipal bonds during the third quarter. Reflecting our emphasis on capital management, we've made $2.4 billion in dividend payments to the holding company year-to-date, which includes $75 million in cash paid during the third quarter and an additional $800 million in cash paid in October.
 The commitment to capital efficiency places 2012 on track to be our largest dividend-paying year in recent history. Our capital adequacy levels remain in line with rating agency requirements, and we maintain strong financial strength ratings that carry a stable outlook with the 4 major rating agencies.
 Our legal entity simplification efforts have enabled greater capital efficiency, particularly in Europe, where the majority of our operations will be executed through one Pan-European insurance company beginning in December, subject to final U.K. court approval. 
 In closing, I'd like to note that we have had several consecutive quarters of positive trends in business performance and execution of our strategic plans. I'm pleased to continue to make progress while recognizing that we have much more work to do. 
 So let's turn over to Jay. 
Jay Wintrob: Thanks a lot, Peter, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to start on Slide 12. AIG Life and Retirement delivered another solid quarter, with pretax operating income up 75% over the same quarter last year, reflecting the positive impact from equity markets this quarter, higher net investment income and increased spread income. 
 There were 3 items that we highlighted in the press release that are worth mentioning when analyzing our results this quarter. One is the previously announced resolution of the multistate examination related to the handling of unclaimed property, and the use of the Social Security Administration's Death Master File. In the quarter, the total earnings impact was negative $66 million. We also took a $20 million restructuring charge this quarter relating to the upcoming merger of 6 of our life insurance legal entities into American General Life Insurance Company at the end of this year, as well as for a project we call One Life [ph] that provides for the consolidation of all of our life insurance platforms, operations and systems. We expect these actions to result in an improved service delivery model, and importantly, to generate significant annual expense savings beginning next year as we continue to focus on disciplined expense management. And finally, AIG Life and Retirement results were negatively impacted by a $110 million interest credited adjustment for a runoff block of guaranteed investment contracts. That adjustment represented the cumulative impact of increased interest credited dating back to the early 2000s, and therefore, the annual earnings impact of this item was not a material amount over the individual years. 
 Excluding these 3 items, our pretax operating income was very strong, at slightly more than $1 billion in the quarter. 
 Also, as David mentioned, AIG Life and Retirement has been a significant contributor to capital management, providing $2.9 billion in dividends and distributions to date. Our risk-based capital ratio, which we currently estimate to be in excess of 475%, remains well above our capital maintenance agreement threshold of 435%. And stat earnings remain strong, providing capacity for dividends going forward.
 In this quarter, sales results once again reflect the value of our diversified business model. Variable annuity and retail mutual fund sales were strong in the quarter, while fixed annuity sales declined as expected, given the unprecedented low interest rate environment. Total life insurance sales were up from the year ago quarter, although down modestly sequentially.
 Variable annuity sales exceeded $1 billion in every quarter this year. And while still a relatively small percentage of total industry sales, our 39% variable annuity sales growth year-to-date reflects our reestablished position with core distributors -- in core distribution channels and a competitive and appropriately designed and priced product for the current market conditions.
 Due to the steep decline in fixed annuity sales, net flows, which we define as sales less all surrenders, death benefits, withdrawal and all other benefit payments, were negative for the first time in 7 quarters. We continue to make progress on implementing our new distribution organization structure, which is designed to fully leverage our distribution relationships and increase sales of multiple products across all of our distribution channels.
 Moving on to Slides 13 and 14. We have provided additional information on our asset allocation and on our portfolio yields. In the quarter, our annualized base investment yield declined sequentially as a result of lower accretion income on structured securities, lower income on certain equity method investments and lower yields on new purchases in the quarter, due to lower interest rates, credit spread tightening and higher credit quality purchases. It's important to distinguish between total and base investment yields. And while base investment yield excludes income from alternative investments, call and tender activity and other enhancements, total investment yield is based on the total reported net investment income. And total investment yield did remain strong for the quarter at 5.86% and 6.03% year-to-date, an increase over both the prior year and the prior quarter.
 We do not expect any material changes in our asset allocation in the near future, and we will continue to actively manage interest and crediting rates. At the end of the quarter, approximately 61% of our account values were at minimum crediting rates. And consistent with declining market interest rates, we saw a further sequential design -- further sequential decline, excuse me, in our cost of funds this quarter for all of our retirement services businesses.
 Turning on to Slide 15. Here, we've updated our disclosure regarding the impact of a sustained lower interest rate environment. Assuming the current interest rate and credit spread environment remain static, we do expect pressure on operating earnings going forward. To date, redeployment of our cash, including opportunistic investments in structured securities and disciplined management of interest crediting rates, have mitigated the impact. At this time, we do not foresee a significant DAC or stat capital impact as a result of the sustained low interest rate environment. 
 Our projections are for a steady decline in base portfolio yields and in new money yields, which we are currently assuming to be between 3.75% and 4.25%, consistent with our actual base new money yield in the third quarter. We will continue to monitor reinvestment activity, credit spreads and overall new money yields closely and assess future impacts as appropriate.
 In the quarter, we continued to execute on a program to utilize capital tax loss carryforwards. Year-to-date, we sold approximately $5.9 billion of investments at a book yield of 6.3% and that generated realized gains of about $1.2 billion. With these sales and subsequent reinvestment of proceeds at lower yields, that impacted our operating income, but we captured real after-tax economic benefits. The program is now substantially compete, and the impact on 2013 pretax operating income compared to this year will be a reduction of about $33 million from the program. 
 In closing, we've positioned ourselves very well for the challenges of the low interest rate environment and our earnings capacity remains solid. Continued focus on product innovation, disciplined product pricing, expense management and fully leveraging our resources and distribution relationships, remain core to our strategy. 
 So at this time, I want to turn it back over to David. 
David Herzog: Thank you, Jay. And turning to Slide 16 for just a quick summary of United Guaranty. UGC continues to see growth in its new business volumes and it's continuing its leadership position in the mortgage insurance industry. And UGC is generating returns in excess of 20% on new business and we continue to experience declines in delinquency.
 At this point, I'd like to turn it back to Liz to tee up the Q&A. Thanks. 
Elizabeth Werner: Operator, could we begin the Q&A now? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Josh Stirling, Sanford Bernstein. 
Josh Stirling: So listen, I think we all appreciate the substantial clarity, I'd say, on your near-term plans for capital management and how debt is going to fit in. I'm wondering, David, if you could give us a sense of, in the near term, what sort of coverage ratios you might be trying to target? How much more beyond the hybrids you've identified you would sort of see as tools to get there? And as we -- when you think about sort of the firm's total capital generation, obviously, I think people sort of have a handle on things like operating earnings and tax benefits monetizing, I'm wondering if you can give us some other color around what the impact of the things you've been doing, restructuring your life insurance companies, consolidating legal entities in Europe and then percent of, prospectively moving assets from the liabilities from the DIB or liabilities from FP into the regulated entities that we should be thinking about as a future capital impact? 
Bob Benmosche: David, why don't you go ahead? That was a mouthful. 
David Herzog: I'll start on the capital management and then kick it over to Jay for commentary on the Life legal entity restructuring, and then maybe Peter can comment further on the Property Casualty legal entity. And then we'll circle back to Brian for maybe a word or 2 on the -- some color on the Direct Investment book. With respect to the coverage ratio improvement, I think the agencies have been pretty clear that while our leverage is in a very strong position, they'd like to see a couple of turns improvement over that period of time, the 12 to 18 months. So again, there are lots of ways to accomplish that. One is with a reduction in the interest expense, and again, targeting financial leverage or the securities that count towards financial leverage. That includes senior debt. It includes some of the hybrids. So I think, again, that's one way. And obviously, the continued improvement in the operating earnings of our core insurance operations is clearly the other lever and that's consistent with our plans and expectations with respect to, again, the continued improvement. So those are the general direction that we're going. We haven't specifically identified any specific transactions. Again, that is under consideration. So Jay, why don't you maybe comment on the Life and Retirement legal entity structure? 
Jay Wintrob: Sure, David, thanks. Let me put it in context. In terms of directly answering your question, in terms of increased capital efficiency, we see that as modest, probably somewhere between $150 million and $250 million of less -- lower capital with the same amount of liabilities, principally due to the covariance of risk. But more importantly, the legal entity consolidation is going to diversify our risks to a greater extent. And that's going to allow us, both on an economic basis and also under all of our stress testing, to withstand far greater stresses within our largest life entity, American General Life Insurance Company. Also, there will be some modest, but not unimportant, expense savings from the consolidation. And as importantly, from the standpoint of our distribution partners and others that we do business with, it will make doing business with us easier, as we'll be more of a single life company with whom agents and financial advisors can be licensed to access a much broader range of our products. So there's several different benefits and capital efficiency is one of many. 
Bob Benmosche: Peter? 
Peter Hancock: A similar story in our Pan-European legal entity consolidation. We're talking about going from 4 legal entities operating in 26 countries into one starting 1st of December and that has benefits, both in terms of stat capital as well as operating cost efficiencies and better controls. The stat capital benefit right off the bat is about $300 million, but will be greater over time, but dependent on a number of factors, including how we organize our internal reinsurance pooling arrangements and the extent to which we use Europe versus North America as a hub for internal reinsurance, as well as how we optimize our holdings in the investment portfolio, because right now our European investment portfolio has very, very high-quality assets relative to our North American one. So there's room to optimize where we hold what types of securities to increase our capital efficiencies. So I think that taken as a whole, very substantial efficiency benefits both in terms of OpEx, as well as capital usage. 
Bob Benmosche: Brian, you want to close on the DIB? 
Brian Schreiber: Sure, Bob. Yes, as we've said in the past, we're -- we manage the DIB to, again, maximize its profitability over time while maintaining adequate capital and liquidity to cover any risks. The DIB over time has generated several billion dollars of income and gains. As David said, we expect it to reach its half life by that 2017. And again, the significant NAV in that business will free up over time. As you heard in prior quarters, we have been able to move excess capital out of the DIB, so we do have some flexibility there and we'll continue to operate it prudently. I don't know if there's a whole lot more to say on that at the moment. 
Bob Benmosche: Okay. Josh, just keep in mind that buying back debt would be just one of the options and capital management, David went through a whole list, and I think it's important that we focus on the operating earnings within the insurance companies and where we can do more of that, as well as deal with the actual interest expense. Next question? 
Josh Stirling: Yes, that's very comprehensive. The one other big question related to capital, and then I'll pass the floor, is when you think about the Fed and the prospects for you guys to be sort of held to a CCAR type of process, the rules on either for the savings and loan holding companies, which you are, but where the rules are not yet established and then the fact that you're not yet a SIFI, both of those lead one to say that it doesn't feel as though you'd be required at the moment to participate in 2013 CCAR. Is that the right read or should we be expecting you would be in CCAR this year? 
Bob Benmosche: That's true, what you said. However, we are working with the Fed because we're in a hurry. We want to make sure that we know where we stand and so we're doing our best to understand the requirements, run those requirements through our risk models and see what we can do to determine just where we stand. So while there's no requirements, we're still working informally to see if we can do something to assess where we are as we go forward. So we just have to wait and see how the Federal Reserve works with us and how they want to proceed with various tests. We are open to it and welcoming it, because we think it makes sense to get clarity now rather than later. 
Josh Stirling: And you don't think that the Fed would feel -- I mean, they would prefer to have clarity sooner rather than later as well? 
Bob Benmosche: I can't speak for the Fed. I can only tell you they're in. They're just starting to work with us. We're a big company and they're working through it. And as soon as they're able to make some assessment, I'm sure they'll work with us. I think everybody wants to get clarity. It's just a matter of time and working through a schedule that makes sense for them. 
Operator: Now we'll take our next question from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: My question mostly relates, Peter, on the P&C side. I want to touch upon some detail about how much these one-off, large non-catastrophe losses impacted the various international and U.S. segments in the former Chartis? And two, talk about the persistency of prior year unfavorable reserve development. I realize a lot of your competitors also take rather semi-frequent charges for environmental losses. But given the size of your book, sometimes you should be adjusting up, sometimes you should be adjusting down. It seems like reserves are always being adjusted upward. 
Bob Benmosche: Let me -- before I turn it over to Peter, I think maybe Peter should respond to the first part of your question in a second. But I'd like, maybe Peter and Charlie, because you raised this very important point on environmental, and the way we're doing it and quite frankly we at AIG are working really hard to do a bottom's up analysis of all of our reserves, starting with the claims themselves. And so maybe, Peter, if you could pick this up and then pass it to Charlie and go through that. It's a little bit more detail than some of you may want, but I think you need to understand the thoroughness of what we're doing here and it's not just the pattern of actuarial assumptions. Peter? 
Peter Hancock: Yes, well, let's start with the first part of the question, which is just that the steady improvement in accident year loss ratio has been somewhat slowed in this quarter by some unusual non-CAT, but large losses in the international property side and so we view those as an outlier. A number of them were named losses where we were just below the threshold that we used to designate it as a CAT, so definitely some, what we believe, to be one-off anomalies. But on the reserves, let me just talk about that... 
Joshua Shanker: Can you just put a percent on that, by the way? What percent do you think that impacted your loss ratio there? 
John Doyle: Josh, it's John Doyle. It's about a little less than 2 points, about 1.8 points. So as Peter mentioned, we had 3 storms in Asia that were named events that -- but didn't meet our $20 million threshold to call it a CAT. Then we had a number of larger losses, about 2x kind of our average number of [indiscernible] in the quarter, big fire losses in the quarter that impacted it as well. And we had a failed satellite launch, as kind of another example. It's double-digit severe losses, again, about 2x kind of an average number. Obviously, there's going to be some lumpiness to 2 large losses in property, but it was a bit of an unusual quarter for us. And as I said, it had close to a 2-point impact on the current accident year loss ratio. 
Joshua Shanker: Two points on international commercial? 
John Doyle: Yes, 1.8 points overall globally and most of it was on the international side. Jeff? 
Jeffrey Hayman: Yes, Jeff Hayman jumping in for Consumer. There's about $24 million in losses for Consumer, exactly as John described and Peter named the storms that were under our threshold, Typhoon Jelawat, some torrential rains in the Kinki region of Japan, and that's about 0.7 on our accident year loss ratio. 
Bob Benmosche: Can we go to Charlie now on the environmental? 
Charles Schader: So a few things on environmental. We've now concluded a very detailed study of the environmental impairment liability portfolio, and that's the portfolio made up of 5 distinct, fairly heterogeneous books that we describe in the 10-Q. And we've reviewed claim-by-claim, 2,150-odd files on the most complex claims, so that we focused on those with the highest policy limits. Many of these were written in the period prior to 2004. And we did not do this prompted by any actuarial indications, and in fact, the actuarial third-party reviews we had would have suggested the environmental portfolio was redundant. We did it more because we think that the characteristics of those claims are such that you really need other experts, engineering firms, toxicologists and litigation experts. And in this quarter, roughly $60 million of the $77 million that you see that we've posted as prior year development, came from a very detailed analysis that we did on mass tort claims and we felt that the characteristics of those claims were sufficiently different to warrant a more conservative stance on their severity in particular. And then, the other part I would say about persistency of prior year development, in the quarter, we had $114 million of large commercial losses. Of that, $70 million roughly related to loss and legal on a few construction defect claims. And we also had large losses in the health care division, this quarter and also last quarter, and that's shown as primary casualty in the all other component of the 10-Q. And I would say the health care ones are unusual. The health care division has actually posted very favorable developments over many years and the industry, as a whole, has witnessed that. But these 2 claims are very peculiar and they really are, have unique characteristics that we don't think are indicative of a trend. 
Bob Benmosche: Thanks, Charlie. And so I think, as you can see, even on environmental, it's been a year of going through this and so we're probably in the $500 million to $600 million addition to reserve. But we think it's completely behind us now and we're continuing to do these reviews, to continually build confidence in this reserve and make sure we have it right. So a lot of work has gone onto it. But I don't think the trend is something that's just a trend, but it's actually our cleaning up to make sure everything is right. 
Joshua Shanker: So Bob, the initiative is complete on toxic waste? 
Bob Benmosche: Well, we've gone through the whole reserve. This is one area that was very complex and one that we really had to put a lot more time on. 
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: Sure. Just to follow up on Josh's question on international commercial. So if it's 2 points of unusual large losses total, that would be, if my math is right, that would be like 10 points on international commercial. If it's 2 points on international, it'd be 5 points. Just trying to get an understanding of what -- when you kind of back out these sort of lumpy losses, how did that segment perform. And if there's anything outside of those large losses that were abnormal, can you talk about what those trends were? 
Bob Benmosche: I'm going to turn it to Peter and John, then, if you would. 
John Doyle: Yes, Michael, it was close 2 points globally. It was 1.8 points globally. James, do you have the number for the international side? I'm not sure what the number is exactly on the international side. 
James Bracken: So there was overall, a 12-point increase in the accident year loss ratio for international consumer -- commercial, sorry. And over half of that impact -- over half of the driver of that change was due to these severe losses flowing through the P&L in a -- to a larger extent than in normal quarters. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And the rest of it is just. . . 
James Bracken: The rest of it is there's a variety of events that flowed through the P&L this quarter, which, I think, the -- if you look at the historic trend in the Q1 and Q2, that would be more indicative of our go-forward run rate within international commercial. So we just had a number of unusual things popping up this quarter, the largest driver of which was the severe losses within international. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, great. And then maybe switching gears a little bit, at other operating expenses, it looks like you had a reversal of an accrual. If you include that, it looks like expenses at -- the other expenses were up a bit compared to where you were last quarter and over the past couple of quarters. Just trying to get an understanding, what is that and how should we think about that line relative to the $1 billion in expense reduction that you've been talking about? 
Bob Benmosche: Sure. Let me turn this over to David, who will take you through some of that, but we are feeling very confident in the direction of 2015, our aspirational goals, but you're going to see some ups and down in any given quarter. But David? 
David Herzog: Yes, thanks, Bob. With respect to the guidepost that we had set out in terms of what the -- from quarter-to-quarter, the general range of $200 million to $250 million of operating expenses at the holding company that are not allocated out to the opcos, I think that's still a reasonable set of guideposts. This particular quarter, there were a number of, what I'll call, infrastructure and transformation activities going on across the parent, the corporate center, including things like our data center consolidation, et cetera. And it's investments like that, that help us deal effectively with catastrophes like the one we've just incurred. Over time, I would expect, Michael, for the corporate expense not to -- a glide path down towards the low end of that range and then certainly below that as the $1 billion expense target is realized over the period up to 2015. 
Michael Nannizzi: Great. And then last one, just U.S. Commercial, clearly the underlying loss ratio has improved. I mean, if my model is right, I mean this is the lowest underlying loss ratio we've seen at U.S. Commercial since the back half of 2010. Can you kind of talk about how that is occurring, what actions you're taking and where do you expect that to get to in order to kind of reach your overall goals by 2015... 
Bob Benmosche: John, do you want to pick that up? 
John Doyle: Sure. It's -- we've talked about the various levers, right, being mix of business tools, claim initiatives and expenses, as David just covered and Peter talked about in his prepared remarks. Expenses are on the come, if you will, but we've made a lot of progress in terms of the mix of business. You've seen pretty aggressive actions we've taken -- in fact, in the presentation, there's a breakdown of U.S. casualty and the aggressive actions we've taken there. We've obviously have been pressing on the rate side, and I would say that the rate environment continues to improve. That flows through more quickly, obviously, in our property results. And we've not been aggressive about changing current accident year loss picks. We're in the process of bridging exercise with Charlie as we look about our loss picks as we go forward, but -- and we expect continued current accident year improvement in various lines and really on all lines in the United States. On the underwriting tools side, we've, with our science team and our underwriting resources, we've made some really exciting progress on some of the risk selection models that we're excited about as well. And then lastly, I would say we're about halfway through a multi-year program on the claims side. And we've seen some improvement in the United States. And we've got actually some exciting results we've seen in Europe as Eric Martinez and his team are executing on our global claims initiatives. So we expect to see continued current accident year improvement in the U.S. Commercial loss ratios. 
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Brian Meredith, UBS. 
Brian Meredith: I was wondering, could you give us some perspective just -- I know it's quite early, on kind of potential exposure here to Hurricane Sandy? How should we think about it with respect to AIG's exposure? And then maybe as part of that, is it possible to get what your retention is on your domestic property CAT reinsurance program? 
Bob Benmosche: I'll let John answer the second part. And then, as far as color, Peter, you might want to add to it, not that there's much there. We're just going through this on a claim-by-claim basis. We're working with clients right now. And it's hard for me to give you a scope of it because some of the flooding and water damage that was done, especially in the New York area, in Manhattan. But I can only say that we don't see this as being any kind of a huge issue for us financially, other than just dealing with the issues at hand. So I don't know that I could give you any more color at this point, but let me turn it over to Peter. 
Peter Hancock: Yes, I think that, usually, we get about 80% of our claims notices within about 90 days, so we're obviously at the very beginning of that whole process. And I think to comment beyond the fact that the property damage comes in quicker than the business interruption and that we're looking at a broad range of commercial properties across sectors in the affected areas, it's a big broad area and we're getting new information every day, so it's just way too early to comment intelligently about it, so we'd rather not. But on the retention policies, and more generally, our approach to deductibles and flood supplements, we've made changes over the last 3 years, which, we think, helped us with Isaac last year and will also help us here relative to the exposures we've had previously. And we've made some pretty major changes in our global reinsurance strategy in terms of risk appetite internationally. And so John, maybe you want to just elaborate on the retention? 
John Doyle: Well, I don't think we've disclosed where our CAT reinsurance attach is. But non-CAT, we've -- we're in the middle, there's been some press about our non-CAT kind of per-risk, if you will, reinsurance program. And as Peter said, really a byproduct of our new global view. Previously, we had structured reinsurance around legal entities around the world in a regional view, and so we're taking a more consistent risk appetite around the world. So it's an opportunity for us, primarily on the property side, to, again, take more risk back net. Simultaneously, though, we have actually just commenced a deal on the excess casualty side in the U.S. to actually seed out some of our U.S. excess casualty business. So we've got a kind of a global restructuring, if you will, of our overall reinsurance program. Pretty significant changes, but again, to drive a more consistent risk appetite and shift the mix of business to a better balance, really around the world. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And Bob, just quickly, you mentioned M&A as a possible use of capital here. I'm just curious kind of what areas would be intriguing to you? 
Bob Benmosche: Anything that enhances what we already have anywhere in the world. So it's hard to say, I could give you some names, but I'm not sure that, that would be a good idea. 
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Lee Cooperman from Omega Advisors. 
Leon Cooperman: All of us own the stock for a bunch or reasons, one of which is we see a big book value and we expect that the company to achieve a reasonable return on that book over time. So my first question is, what do you guys think is a reasonable return given the regulatory environment that now exists post-2008 and what's a reasonable time period for that return to be achieved? And secondly, if you had to hazard a guess about 2013, is 2013 going to be a year with cash dividends or additional significant buyback? If you had to guess. 
Bob Benmosche: One is, I think, we're absolutely on target from everything we feel right now, to the 2015, getting to an ROE of north of 10%. So we feel that, that's achievable. We have a lot of wood to chop to get there and a lot of things we're building today and that's the investments of infrastructure and so on that we're building within AIG. So we feel that, that's still attainable. There are still questions about what would be the capital required over time. There's a bias in the regulatory environment to want to put more capital restrictions on financial services companies. But I think that, sooner or later, people are going to realize that you could just go too far with all of that. But from what we know and see, we still think it's realistic to shoot for north of 10%, or north. And as far as 2013, we are working very closely with the Federal Reserve. We feel we're in excellent shape. We run what we believe to be our understanding of a CCAR, and so we're looking at binding constraints. And if I were to think about 2013, we're focused on the coverage ratio, which is important, because our credit ratings are important, because we want to show not only stable, but positive or even an uptick is important because we make guarantees and our companies look forward to having strong guarantees behind AIG. They stuck with us during the crisis, but we want to give them better assurances going forward. And I would think that a dividend on the stock probably would be something that if in fact we're able to do that, I would see that as something we'd like to do in 2013 if our capital position is strong enough that we can do that. And we won't know that until the Fed has more time to review where we are. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Adam Klauber from William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: You've done a lot of work in the last 2 years on the U.S. commercial P&C segment. As we go into next year, I guess, 2 questions. One, do you think that business still needs more rate. And two, do you think you'll start growing that business? 
Bob Benmosche: Let me turn it over to Peter and then you and John can work that through. 
Peter Hancock: Adam, the second part of that question was, I'm sorry? 
Adam Klauber: Do you think you'll start growing that business going forward? 
John Doyle: Okay. So there are -- obviously, we have a broad range of products in the U.S. commercial space and so all are not created equal. We've highlighted how we've reduced our overall exposure to U.S. casualty. So broadly, I think that the greatest rate need, if you think of it on a major line basis, we think is in the casualty space. Our property book in the U.S., our specialty lines, including financial lines, are performing better on a risk-adjusted basis than our view of the U.S. casualty market. Obviously, the interest rate environment there creates more pressure on that segment of the book than other segments. So in terms of rate need, I would say it's there. That's where we're getting the largest rate improvement at the moment and it's where we have a lot of our science resources focused on improving our risk selection. I mentioned earlier that we do expect current accident year improvement in those lines of business. So in terms of growth, we have modest mid-single-digit growth for commercial overall planned during the -- now through 2015 performance period. We'll see more aggressive growth outside of the U.S., but we do expect some low single-digit growth in our U.S. portfolio over the next couple of years. 
Operator: We'll take our final question in from Mark Finkelstein from Evercore Partners. 
A. Mark Finkelstein: I wanted to go back to the coverage ratio calculations. I think you mentioned that the intent is to get to 2 turns of improvement over the next 12 to 18 months. I guess, that's a little bit faster than I would have expected and maybe a little bit more dramatic than I would have expected. I think that kind of, if my numbers are right, would probably put you at about 5x coverage, correct me if I'm wrong on that. But I guess, can you just clarify that, that's the correct interpretation of what the aim is? And then, I guess, when I look at the maturities, I mean, obviously you have some hybrids that are coming or callable. Maybe just elaborate a little bit more on the strategy of getting there, if that is the, in fact, objective? 
Bob Benmosche: David, do you want to pick that up? 
David Herzog: Yes, thanks, Bob, I'll start and then I'll ask Brian to elaborate a little bit further. Again, a 1 to 2, closer to 2, but somewhere in the 1 to 2x coverage improvement is what we're aiming at. And again, the exact calculation that each of the agencies performs is not precisely the same. So there's not a simple formula to plug into. But it's -- I think you're generally -- you've got it about right. We think it's around -- the existing is around 4x or a little less than 4, but again, it just depends on the particular agency. And again, I think that it's a combination of the 2 levers, one is on interest expense, certainly. And again, the monetization of our non-core assets and further capital generation at the -- both at the insurance companies, which gives us the deployable capital up to the holding company. And Brian can talk a little bit more about that in terms of what our plans and expectations are along those lines. But I think those are the 2 levers, it really gets back to improving the operating earnings. And you've heard from Peter and Jay on their core businesses and the trajectory that they're on, and then a focus on selected and targeted debt reduction and interest reduction. Brian, do you want to jump in here? 
Brian Schreiber: Thanks, David. I think you've nailed all the salient points, it will be a combination of interest expense reduction, as well as improvement in operating earnings. And we -- as you noted, we do have some bonds that are callable that, I think, make a lot of sense for us to go after. And when you think about our flexibility on an ongoing basis to go after this, as we said in the past, we expect $4 billion to $5 billion of subsidiary dividends coming up to parent every year. This year, we're already ahead of $5 billion as of today and expect a bit more in the fourth quarter. You take out the parent expenses and interest and you're sort of in a situation where we're going to have around $2 billion a year, give or take a little, for things like liability management and dealing with, opportunistically reducing our outstanding expensive debt. And that excludes the additional excess capital that will be generated from sales of non-core assets, as well as capital free-up over time from the DIB. 
A. Mark Finkelstein: Okay, maybe just one quick question on the DIB. I guess I'd been a little surprised at how strong the DIB earnings have been over the last few quarters. I think, Brian, you talked about this concept of pulling to intrinsic quite a bit on the last quarter call. I'm just curious if you have a view on kind of a comparison of where the assets are currently marked versus your own view of what that intrinsic value is? 
Brian Schreiber: What we've said in the past and where we still feel pretty strongly about is that there is probably close to $5 billion -- $4 billion to $5 billion, I think we said in the past, of pull to intrinsic over the life of the portfolio. And what you're seeing now in a quarter like this is, again, the combination of net investment income as well as the CVA or the impact of spread tightening on the assets slightly offset by our own spread tightening. Because most of the assets and liabilities in the DIB or a substantial portion of which have been swapped, really what you're going to see coming through the P&L, when we think about pull to intrinsic, is effectively CVA. And it will not be consistent over time. It's going to be -- it's all market-driven, but we still feel pretty strongly about what we've indicated in the past is what the potential of this portfolio is. 
Bob Benmosche: Okay, I thank you all. For, I think, any other issues, please let us know, talk to Liz, but I thank you all. And good luck for those of you in the New York area. We've got a lot of work to just get back to normal. So I thank you all very much this morning. 
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-03 05:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth A. Werner  Investor Relations Robert Benmosche  President, Chief Executive Officer, Director David Herzog  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Peter Hancock  Executive Vice President - General Insurance Jay Wintrob  Executive Vice President-Domestic Life and Retirement Services Brian Schreiber  Executive Vice President, Treasurer William Dooley  Executive Vice President-Investments and Financial Services
Analysts: Josh Stirling  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Jay A. Cohen  BofA Merrill Lynch Adam Klauber  William Blair & Company, L.L.C. Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark Finkelstein  Evercore Partners Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse  
Operator: Good day and welcome to the American International Group Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time Id like to turn the call over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth A. Werner: Good morning and thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2012 earnings call. Speaking today will be Bob Benmosche, President and CEO, David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of Chartis; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of SunAmerica Financial Group. Other members of senior management are also in the room and available for the Q&A period. Before we get started this morning, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include those described in our second quarter 2012 10-Q, on our 2011 10-K and our Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2012, under the managements discussion and analysis and risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation to expressly disclaim any obligation to update any of our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures, to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIGs website, www.aig.com With that let me turn the call over to Bob Benmosche.
Robert Benmosche:  Thanks Liz and good morning everybody, if we go back to the first quarter of 2011, seems like a long time ago, but that was when we restructured. We talked about were going to focus on as the management team fixing the foundation of AIG, our basic businesses and how we run those businesses. In May of 2011, when we did our first re-IPO of the company, of selling our shares. We talked about aspirational goals that we are going to achieve, as we rebuild that foundation. And youve seen us perform very well for quarters since then. And if you look at this quarter, its no exception. We had an outstanding quarter across the board with all of our businesses contributing to profits in this quarter. We also saw ML III, basically almost finished, in terms of sell-off of the assets in ML III, so we have significantly derisk the company, this year with ML II and ML III and by the way, we did buy almost $7 billion of ML III assets, which we feel are very good, for this company on the yield basis going forward especially in this low interest-rate environment. And so when we think about capital management for our company, we think we are actually slightly ahead of our aspirational goals for 2015, with some of the stuff that's already happened. Today weve given almost $37 billion back to America, for the aid and support theyve given to AIG, so we are well on our way to living up to our commitments, to pay back all of the money given to us by the US government, and youve seen numbers now there is going to be a very healthy profit as well. So all of our businesses, as I said have done well. Then David will talk, as well as Peter and Jay, so let them do that. But on the non-core assets, let me talk a little bit about ILFC and AIA, we will continue to work to take ILFC public, however, the markets have not been very receptive, at this point in time, but we're continuing to match that business very effectively. On an AIA, we have very good performing company out there, and Mark Tucker has done an outstanding job for that business and so we're looking for the right time and the right price to monetize our ownership of AIA. We have often asked about regulation, we really don't know and when we would be regulated, but we do believe we will be regulated by the Federal Reserve probably, that I think is the most likely candidate and we are putting enormous amount of effort and cost to make sure that we're Fed-ready as the project is called for that oversight. Before I turn it over to David just a comment about capital management, we're looking and making sure that we use that capital for the best performance of our shares for our shareholders. So, buyback is one of the things we can do with that capital and another is to buy businesses, and you can see in a small way, we did an acquisition of Woodbury Financial Advisors, it enhances our advisor group we have today and build a stronger and bigger platform for us, able to continuing to invest, in businesses that give us growth, but that also allows us to use money for share buyback, but its not just for share buyback and doing whats right for the shareholder. Let me turn it back over to David and he'll pick it up from here.
David Herzog: Thank you, Bob, and good morning everyone. I'm going to start with the discussion of our financial results. As evidenced from our results for the quarter, its been another very busy quarter for AIG, as we continue to execute on the capital management and operating funds. Year-to-date we've repurchased $5 billion in shares and as Bob as mentioned, we remained committed to $25 billion to $30 billion of capital management through 2015. Ill discuss liquidity in a bit more detail in a minute. Turning to our financials on slide four, you can see that after-tax operating earnings per share were up 56% to $1.06, which is driven in part by 26% pre-tax insurance operating earnings growth and overall strong non-core asset performance. Book value per share was $60.58 or $56.07, excluding AOCI was up 4% sequentially. Share buyback contributing $1.30 to this quarters book value per share growth. GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.33 for the quarter which reflects certain items that are excluded from operating EPS, the primary drivers for that difference in the quarter were $1.3 billion of tax valuation allowance releases or capital loss carry forwards partially offset by an increase in tax reserves of approximately $300 million for legacy tax issues related to foreign tax credits associated with cross border financing transactions, and an increase in legal reserves of approximately $470 million net of tax associated with various legal contingencies. We also have some discrete items in the quarter that lowered our operating tax rate by 3 to 4 points or just under $100 million in taxes. Slide 5 provides a breakdown of segment operating earnings which reflect strong growth in insurance, operations and Peter will speak to that in just a minute. I know the gains in the direct investment for this quarter were driven primarily by positive fair value adjustments on DIB assets, CVA, and unwind gains. At the end of the second quarter, the DIB had assets of a little over $37 billion and liabilities of just over $29 billion. I will note that much of the DIBs assets and liabilities were swap, eliminating interest rate and FX, risks in those books and the bulk of the $3.5 billion of net assets in our global capital markets, as reported in our queue can be ascribed to those assets and liabilities associated with DIB. Slides 6 and 7 highlight our capital structure and liquidity. We remained well capitalized with a debt to total capital ratio of approximately 19%. During the quarter, the holding company issued a $1.5 billion of senior unsecured notes and ILFC raised a little over $750 million in secured debt. Liquidity remained strong as we have realized close to our target of $4 billion to $5 billion in annual dividends from our operating subsidiaries. In the second quarter the holding company received a $1.3 billion in dividends from the insurance companies bringing the six month dividends and payments to roughly $4 billion. Slide 8, summarizes Maiden Lane III at the end of the second quarter. At June 30, ML III liquidation value was $8.2 billion or 11% sequential increase reflecting the Fed successful auction process. There have been 12 Maiden Lane III auctions representing little over $39 billion in par value and there is a little over $6 billion in par value remaining to be liquidated. Maiden Lane III cash flow since inception paid down another $16 billion in par value. Going forward we would expect continued strong cash flows on our Maiden Lane III related investments. We participated in the vast majority of the auctions but were selective in our bidding and we are successful in roughly a third of the deals. There was strong demand for these assets as Bob referenced. We will receive cash as the proceeds of the completed auctions are paid. Through the end July, we received proceeds of $6.1 billion and based on the auctions that have occurred since the end of the quarter, we would expect another almost $2 billion in cash in mid-August. The ML III assets were part of the DIB at the end of the second quarter. We believe that DIB now has more than $5 billion of liquidity in excess of its needs to meet all of its maturing liabilities even in stress scenarios without having to liquidate DIB assets or rely on additional liquidity from the parent. Looking ahead to next quarter, given the ML III purchases, a portion of those acquired assets will remain at parent or within the DIB and a portion of those will be in our insurance subsidiaries. The assets acquired from ML III will continue to be accounted for at fair value to earnings. Slide 9 provides a summary of all the cash received on ML II and ML III along with our purchase activity. Our purchase decisions consider opportunities to improve operating earnings in returns and our capital management. The ML III purchases were good fit for insurance subsidiaries and the ML III related assets held in the insurance companies will be highly rated as NAIC 1 or 2. So at this time, Id like to turn it over to Peter, to discuss our progress on Chartis. Peter?
Peter Hancock: Thanks, David. Good morning, everybody. Im going to provide a brief update on Chartis second quarter results, which was summarized in the earnings presentation and comment on our progress growing the value of this franchise. AIGs second quarter property, casualty result highlight our commitment to improve the quality of our portfolio. We are seeing positive trends as a result of successful execution of our initiatives including an improved accident year loss ratio, growth in products that produce high-risk adjusted returns and advancement of infrastructure improvements that ultimately make us more efficient and provide better customer service. Turning to Slide 10 of the presentation, Chartis reported operating income of $936 million in the second quarter, a 20% increase over the prior year driven by underwriting improvements and lower catastrophe losses, partially offset by an increase in expenses. Catastrophe losses were $328 million in the quarter largely from storm activity in the United States, Japan, and floods in the UK. While catastrophe losses were higher than expected, were comfortable with the result given the general level of cat activity and the extend of our geographic mix of business. Our combined ratio includes net prior year adverse development of $117 million, which was partially offset by a favorable change in net reserve discount of $94 million. Favorable development from prior year catastrophe losses partially offset this adverse development. Our reserves are subject to robust internal and external review. In the second quarter, several third party studies using diverse methods confirmed that our reserves are reasonable. In addition, we continued our ongoing review of the bulk of complex environmental claims supplementing traditional actuarial techniques with case by case forward-looking engineering and litigation analysis, leading to reserve strengthening on a small number of individual claims. The accident year combined ratio excluding catastrophes was 98.3 driven by improvement in the underlying loss ratio of 2.9 points compared to the prior year. The effective use of data and analytics has improved underwriting decision making and allows us to shift our portfolio towards more profitable products and regions. For example, were growing consumer insurance, which represents 40% of total net premiums year-to-date. We also increased our investment in consumers direct marketing business, which is currently operational in 50 countries. We remain focused on international growth in the quarter with 48% of total premiums generated outside of the U.S and Canada, and growth economy nations or emerging markets represent 10% of total premiums. In commercial insurance, were using predictive modeling and analytics to optimize our mix of business and to identify profitable growth opportunities within this customer base. In addition, we are taking corrective underwriting action when returns are projected to be less than our cost of capital over a reasonable time frame. We continue to see general improvement in pricing, terms and conditions most notably commercial rates in the U.S improved 8%. In Europe, rate improvement was approximately 1% on average, reflecting the macro challenges affecting that region. While we didnt characterize the environment of the hard market, its certainly improving. Overall, customer retention and new business remains strong and in line with expectations given our business mix and improved risk selection initiatives. We balanced growth, profitability and risk by understanding customer preferences including the value they attach to our distinctive product offerings. Expense increases offset some of the positive trends in the quarter, which were primarily driven by higher acquisition costs attributable to our business mix shift and higher general operating expenses tied to strategic investments in people and processes. You should expect to see further loss ratio improvement and a gradual decline in the expense ratio through the end of 2013. Operating income including $1.2 billion in net investment income, a slight improvement compared to the prior year. This is primarily due to redeployment of excess cash and short-term investments away from our concentration of nontaxable municipal bonds into high yielding corporate and structured securities. This was partially offset by decreases in hedge fund returns. Slide 11, summarizes the top line. Chartis net premiums were down slightly compared to the prior years quarter after adjusting for foreign exchange. The continued restructuring of our loss sensitive business in the U.S. casualty reduced overall premiums by approximately 1%, but it improves capital efficiency. The remainder of the decrease reflected enhanced risk selection and rate discipline strategies particularly in casualty lines. This was partially offset by increases in higher value lines and growth across the consumer portfolio. Capital management remained a critical focus for us. As David mentioned, we met our dividend payment commitment to AIG during the second quarter. Our capital adequacy levels are solid and we maintained strong financial strength ratings that carry a stable outlook with the four major rating agencies. Let me conclude by saying that second quarter results were encouraging as they reaffirm progress against our strategic initiatives. We will continue to direct capital and resources to optimize risk adjusted profitability were we see opportunities. We remained confident that these strategies will help us achieve our aspirational goals as well as make us the most valued insurance company in the world. Now, lets turn over to Jay.
Jay Wintrob:  Thanks, Peter, and good morning everybody. Turning over to Slide 12, SunAmerica delivered another solid quarter with $933 million in pre-tax operating income, strong sales across most product lines, positive net flows, and improved base net investment spreads. As a result of our strong statutory earnings and capital position, SunAmerica distributed over $800 million to AIG this quarter, and for the year, weve distributed $2.4 billion to AIG. Our sales trends were perhaps one of the best indicators of the value of our diversified business model. While we remain disciplined in the fixed annuity market in this low interest rate environment, our increased sales of individual variable annuities and mutual funds drove overall positive net flows. During the second quarter, individual variable annuity sales were $1.3 billion, up 51% year-over-year. Importantly, sales growth was driven by our new product launched earlier this year, which includes a volatility controlled fund and rider fees linked to changes in the VIX index. Both of which reduce our risk related to market volatility while offering customers an attractive benefit. Although, were seeing robust growth in variable annuities, you should expect us to continue managing risk through product design and redesign and maintaining an effective hedging program. Individual variable annuities with living-benefit guarantees represent 6% of total SunAmerica Financial Group assets under management. Thus we have the capacity, the distribution reach, the risk controls and financial discipline to capitalize on the growing demand in this market, while certain competitors are pulling back. As expected, fixed annuity sales declined this quarter given the low interest environment, and Ill discuss the overall impact of low rates in the next couple of slides. Sales in group retirement products were up 2% year-over-year as rollover deposits have become too slow with the low rate environment. Retail life sales continue to outpace overall life industry sales growth, increasing 3% year-over-year and 14% sequentially, due to our continued focus on expanding distribution. Mutual fund sales were up significantly contributing to positive net flows for the sixth consecutive quarter at SunAmerica, which again highlights the advantages of our diversified product portfolio. As announced earlier this week, were further strengthening our extensive distribution capabilities with the acquisition of Woodbury Financial Services from The Hartford. This transaction represents the first acquisition for SunAmerica Financial Group in recent years and we expect the transaction to close by the end of 2012. Once the transaction is finalized, Woodbury Financial will become part of our Advisor Group, one of the nations largest networks of independent broker-dealers. Woodbury Financial has approximately 1,400 advisors complement very well Advisor Groups network, which includes more than 4,800 independent financial advisors at SagePoint Financial, Royal Alliance Associates, and FSC Securities Corporation. We are confident that the expansion of our broker-dealer network will provide growth opportunities for SunAmerica, for Advisor Group, and for Woodbury Financial. On Slide 13, you can see base yields for our major spread business continue to benefit from the cash redeployment in the second half of last year. On a sequential basis, we saw another slight uptick in base yields due to recent investments in structured security. Weve been opportunistic with our investments in these securities in order to increase net investment income and offset the impact at the lower interest rate environment. During the quarter, SunAmerica Financial Group invested $1.5 billion in structured securities consisting principally of purchases from Maiden Lane III. Base net investment spreads for Western National, our leading fixed annuity writer and VALIC, our group retirement business also benefited from active benefited from active crediting rate management. Base net investment spreads were up 45 basis points from a year ago at Western, and at VALIC, they were up 47 basis points. Crediting rates for Western were down 21 basis points from a year ago, and at VALIC, they were down 31 basis points. We will continue to actively manage spreads for both annuities and universal life products. Approximately 56% of SunAmericas annuity and new VALIC account values are now at minimum guarantees, up from 51% last quarter, and 38% at the end of the second quarter of 2011. Nearly 70% of total annuity in universal life account values have minimum guaranteed credit ratings of 3% or lower. On Slide 14, weve provided additional disclosure on the impact of sustained current low interest rates. There is no change to our outlook for the remainder of this year or next year. Looking further out to 2014 and 2015, you can see that there is additional pressure on earnings assuming no changes in rates, with no meaningful impact to DAC or statutory capital as expected. Our projections are for a steady decline in base portfolio yields in this scenario and new money yields are between 4% and 5%. And to give some context, our new money yield in the second quarter with 5.03% in the aggregate. So we continue to manage through the current interest rate environment and expect that well have opportunities to grow profitability through continued focus on product innovation, strong in-force product management and strengthening and growing our distribution footprint. And with that, Im going to turn it back over to David to wrap this up?
David Herzog:  Thank you, Jay. And before I turn it over to Liz, just a comment or two on Slide 15 for a few highlights of our mortgage guarantee business United Guaranty. We continue to make good progress in terms of operating earnings, which this quarter were driven by favorable development and continued decline new delinquencies. We also continue to grow our new insurance in-force or new insurance written and I think most importantly, weve assisted over 24,000 Americans stay in their homes through modifications and refinancings. And so that continues to be a focus for the United Guaranty team. So with that, Liz, Ill turn it back to you for Q&A.
Elizabeth A. Werner: Thank you. Operator, at this time, wed like to open up the lines for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And well take our first question from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the call. So a question for Peter, could you help us better understand some of the actual operating leverage that you guys are pulling on the initiative to improve underwriting discipline and then separately the critical initiatives that you are pursuing in claims? Weve talked a lot about the mix lever, which I think it makes a lot of sense given the range of profitability in those businesses, but I think whats less clear for investors is exactly what you are doing, I mean, and how you are reflecting the lives of desk underwriting and client adjusters as you guys mange through process changes and under  a change in your underwriting policy?
Peter Hancock: Well, I think starting on the underwriting side, its the process of really exploiting best practices around the world through integration of the best thinking that has grown up in the historically world of separate cultures of the Domestic Broker Group and the Lexington in the U.S. versus AIU internationally. And so the global management structure that we have for underwriting in commercial was announced when I took the role, but was really rolled out at the level of the underwriting management structure over the course of last summer. So, we're starting to reap the benefits of those consistent global standards, which allocate risk appetite where we are getting best rewarded for the risks that we're taking. So, that's had a sort of how underwriting authorities are delegated, how technical pricing models are used, where underwriting judgement is allowed to alter the results of technical underwriting models. So, these are work in progress, but I think we made a lot of progress in the last 12 months, which is starting to feed through in the lower loss ratio. The business mix shift is both a macro point recognizing that long tail causality lines are less attractive in a low interest rate environment then they were in the past. However, as we applied greater and greater understanding using analytical techniques predictive modelling and other methods. We're finding attractive areas of business mix at a more micro-level that are also coming to fruition. On the claims side, its a long investment, which started in 08 in our global claims initiatives that is starting to be rolled out around the world and giving us some very encouraging improvements in reduced leakage and so in one very tangible example of that in commercial order fleets in the UK weve seen loss ratios drop by 10% by exporting best practices. So we're quite encouraged that the return on investments for using systematic claims management techniques all over the world is going to continue to reap benefits and again this is an area, which lends itself to analytics and predictive modeling especially in the area of fraud control where we have pockets of excellence, but a lot of the world has not fully embraced, state of the art modern fraud control. So, I think that we see some interesting opportunity to further improve that.
Josh Stirling  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Great, thank you. And David, I very much appreciate the expanded disclosures on global capital markets and the direct investment book. Im wondering if you could just spend a little more time talking about how the capital balances or at least the excess assets in these businesses, we should think about tying those back to the holding company assets youve indicated that you have and I guess the question that ultimately most investors are trying to figure out is if you sort of add up the holding company liquidity risks, liquidity that maybe available on other buckets. If we look forward to 90 days maybe imagine a AIA transaction, markets depending on that. What are reasonable level of liquidity that will be available when truly accessed to the company would be? Thank you so much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure, Ill comment and if my colleague Brian Schreiber wants to add, hell do so. I think we were pretty clear about our view of the excess liquidity in cash and financial resources that were now available that were coming out of the direct investment book, which is why we made the disclosure that we did and were trying to give people a better sense of the size and magnitude and the financial resources that stand behind the direct investment book. Our confidence in those future cash flows in the stress testing that we do in conjunction with our enterprise risk management people to assess how much is truly excess at this time and I think that our disclosure around that is pretty clear. So I think again, we are evaluating from time to time based on market conditions and where we are and weve not made any decisions as Bob said, with respect to either ILFC or AIA at this time. So I think it would be premature to comment on that and speculate about what we may or may not do. Brian anything else on the direct investment book?
Brian Schreiber:  Yeah, I think generally a simple way of thinking about is, as David mentioned earlier, we are still standing by our aspirational goals for capital management. And when we did the re-IPO we explained that the sources of available capital will come from non-core assets dispositions, but also from excess capital being generated in the operating company, as well as maintaining leverage at the holding company. That said, the DIB will run-off overtime, its got substantial NAV and a meaningful amount of [pull through] intrinsic and its underlying assets.
 :
Josh Stirling  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Thats great. And just a minor clarification, so the direct investment, the excess estimate are in addition to the $7.3 billion of holding company cash and investments, that you guys have disclosed?
Unidentified Company Representative: We consolidate, again the DIB liquidity is part of sort of overall parent liquidity. So in that number you have the DIB but keep in mind, the number in the queue is as of 630 and since then weve received the proceeds from ML III, so if youre doing sort of a pro forma, youd need to add that to the parental liquidity balance?
Unidentified Company Representative:  Yes, Josh, just to be clear though that the NAV is different from cash. So I just want to make sure youre clear on that, okay?
Josh Stirling  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Okay, that actually makes a prefect sense. Thank you. 
Operator:  And now weve move to our next question, and that will come Jay Cohen with BofA Merrill Lynch.
Jay A. Cohen  BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. I guess a couple of questions. The first is in the Q you talk about some pressure in the Japanese consumer business. I am wondering can you talk about whats happening there, and what youre doing to address that. 
Robert Benmosche:  Yeah, I am going ask to Jeff Hayman to answer that. 
Jeff Hayman:  Hi, Jay. So I think the Q commented on both auto and accident and health. So lets address them in that order. The auto severity issue that was highlighted really only, its in relation to the Fuji Fire and Marine portfolio. Our legacy if you will, auto portfolio has performed quite well in the quarter. The Fuji Fire and Marine portfolio is reported to us on a quarter lag, so this is actually first quarter months reported in the second quarter. It has a much wider geographic spread than our historical businesses and there was a lot of bad weather in Japan in the first quarter, the heavy winter weather. And that affected our physical damage and property damage liability severity. So we look at that as episodic not chronic. On the A&H front, we sell basically two chunks of business. We have an individual supplement medical type of business and we have a group benefits, combination of that work and 24 hour largely accidental death and dismemberment business. The AD&D business is basically a large loss business. So a number of the industries were we have good penetration from a group benefits perspective have increased activity as a result of the reconstruction after the Tohoku Catastrophe. So weve had to play catch up in terms of rates, we just implemented an 11% rate increase in that portfolio on June 1, renewals are already going out, weve already done some rebalancing, remixing of benefits and some other product changes. There is also a small amount of individual AD&D that we really dont sell much in the way of new business, but its a historical portfolio that the rates are governed by the rating organization in Japan and theyve just promulgated a 15% rate increase that the industry will have to adopt at some point within the next 12 months. So, we are confident that we can get a handle on those portfolios as well.
Jay A. Cohen  BofA Merrill Lynch: Thats really helpful. Thanks. And the second question, on the commutation of the insurance, reinsurance treaty, which resulted in a change in the reserve discount are there other internal reinsurance treaties that also can be commuted, is this another source potentially of more reserve discounts to come?
James Bracken: This is James Bracken. We do have internal reinsurance contracts within the organization to enable us to deploy capital effectively. The contracts that we commuted in the current quarter was one of the few that actually seeded U.S. workers comp business offshore. And so you shouldnt expect us to be  to see this type of benefit arising from internal commutations on a go forward basis. This was part of our overall restructuring of internal reinsurance for the organization. So, weve been working through this for a fair long time.
Jay A. Cohen  BofA Merrill Lynch: Thats great. Thanks a lot.
Unidentified Company Representative: Just to put that in a broader context of the simplification of our legal entity structures around the world and the conversion of branches to subsidiaries, especially in Asia, while in Europe, we are converting to a series of branches in Europe, of one central European hub in the UK, and a revision of internal reinsurance and capital maintenance agreement that optimize our capital fundability around the world.
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me be more candid, we did a lot of auditing to make sure that the reserve development and this action were absolutely independent of each other. It would long in the works.
Jay A. Cohen  BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it, thanks for that.
Operator: And now Ill move to the next question that will come from Adam Klauber with William Blair.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Company, L.L.C.:  Thanks good morning. At the end of July, how much cash and short-term securities do you have at the parent company? And could you give us some range and how much of that may be used for near-term buybacks?
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay. In the queue parental liquidity is 7.3 billion, that includes the (inaudible) numbers as well, but it also includes some restricted cash at some of our subsidiary. So parental liquidity, excluding some of the restricted cash of $6.5 billion, then weve received roughly $6.1 billion so far and Maiden Lane three proceeds. We expect to get another roughly $1.9 billion by mid-August and spend another roughly $0.5 billion at some point in the future. So, we do have ample liquidity in the organization and ample capital. We did also buy reasonable amount of the Maiden Lane through securities, which could use some of that liquidity. So as David mentioned, there was  it seemed to be $5 billion of excess liquidity that could be allocated to other uses of the parent and other than that I don't think we're going to comment anymore on capital management.
Unidentified Analyst:
 :
Robert Benmosche:  I feel we did pretty well so far. I am going to turn it over to Peter.
Peter Hancock: I think that of this 26 years in New York City, Im slowly getting, yeah understanding of the metaphor. But yeah, I think that the improvement in underwriting methods, I see is a perpetual striving for improvement but with some low hanging fruits that's more front loaded and I think that some of thats visible to you and some of its going to be much more difficult to see. The most visible evidence of that is the reduction in topline over the last four quarters as we changed the way we looked at the loss sensitive business which is over $1 billion in premium that produced negative risk-adjusted profitability, the way it was configured. The customers werent different to us providing the same service for a fee, so that's just a very visible evidence of a change in mindset, where we're focused on value for our customers, not so much, the appearance of volume in the topline net premium written number. We do see growth in that value as our focus is around growing profitable lines. And that starts out at macro business mix shifts, which we talked about that increasing micro ones and the more micros, the more complex and the longer it will take. But I think thats just natural competition. So, I think that weve turned the corner in the most visible evidence of change in approach to underwriting. We have a full year underwriting cycle under our belt and so, I think trends as they emerge from here on out will be more representative of our progress.
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me give you a simple example. Weve been talking about using information and we talked about, we repaid in the last 10.5 years, 27 million worker comp claims. We never did analytics on it. Peter, his team, the actuarial team are now working with Johns Hopkins University to study 27 million claims record. Whats an example of things were now learning that if you injure your shoulder at the workplace and go to the emergency room, and they  because its painful, they put your arm in a sling, it will generally cause us an additional 50,000 because generally that will cause your shoulder to lock up. And so were now thinking about how do we use that information to go out and tell hospitals how AIG feels, you need to deal with this kind of injury to prevent it from getting worse. Thats a huge insight. It allows us to market the company to the medical community that were doing things, that will help them heal their patients better. It also helps us deal with our claws, so thats just one example of many, many, many years. We go through this database and begin to use information weve never used before, so as you ask what inning it is, I dont know, but all I could say is we are going to have a good inning in the first, in the second, in the third, in the fourth because this data will continually rollout and give us an enormous competitive advantage over the next four, five years.
Adam Klauber  William Blair & Company, L.L.C.:  Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question will come from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Yes, good morning. Some items that were below the line, if wondering if you can kind of walk through why we dont have to fear more litigation expenses in the future and talk a little bit of legacy FIN 48 issues?
David Herzog:  Sure, Josh. Good morning. Thanks. Its David. So lets take them one at a time. So the three big items with the valuation allowance release, we put some disclosure in our Q around Ill say, why now and why that number. So weve been very active in developing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies and transactions and we now believe we have met the standard to now project forward the benefits of those, so thats that. So weve made our estimate of what that is and so you can put that  thats what, thats the number and we feel good about the trajectory in the path to that.
Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: On the DTA, youre saying?
David Herzog: Yeah, on the DTA.
Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, okay.
David Herzog: Thats the valuation allowance on the capital loss carryforward. That was $1.3 billion benefit.
Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, yeah, more of the FIN 48 doesnt offset I guess or something?
David Herzog: Yeah, so the next item was the FIN 48 related to the foreign tax credits associated with some cross-border financing transactions. And what I would tell you is that a couple of things, one, we absorbed a piece of litigation not related to AIG, but it was a market event and weve researched that, understood that and then evaluated our entire portfolio of related transactions and made our best estimate of what the potential exposure is on those and we made our adjustment accordingly. I would never tell you that that there never will be another, but we made our best estimate based on looking at the entire portfolio, based on facts and circumstances as we know. So again, we looked at the whole portfolio. And then I think you had a question on
Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: $719 million of litigation expense.
David Herzog: Yeah, and on the litigation, the only thing I would say, our disclosure speaks for itself and we made our best estimate on what the exposure is and I wouldnt comment any further than that. Again, Id point you to our disclosure and I wouldnt go any further than that.
Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: There is no color in the disclosure. So is it a general  is it one specific piece of litigation?
David Herzog: Im not going to comment any further than what our disclosure says, Josh, Id appreciate that.
Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then for Jay, how confident are you that you can fully hedge-out the equity risk on the variable annuity sales that you are doing.
Jay Wintrob: I think we are very confident in the way we structured our VA hedge program, if you are referring to the equity risk exclusively
Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes.
Jay Wintrob: Yeah, I think that we are very confident, I think that the market is deep with the contracts we use to hedge that out and weve said in the disclosure that we basically are market neutral in terms of the equity markets, and then weve commented separately on our approach to interest rate hedging try and do a balance both the economic interest, the statutory capital interest and the GAAP reporting interest.
Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is there a certain amount of growth that could occur or you would find it difficult to continue to hedge of the equity risk?
Jay Wintrob: I think the answer is no, at this point, I think the market there is quite deep on that, some would continue to accept that reevaluated, but I think from where we are now essentially the answer is no.
Joshua D. Shanke  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well thank you very much.
Operator:  And now well move to our next question that will come from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Thanks. Just going back to the kind of the cash and cash offer segment, how much of the $7.1 billion in ML III purchases came from the $6 billion that you got in July, sounds like a $1.5 billion within SunAmerica, just trying to understand, is the rest from that or did they come earlier in the year and then just one follow-up. Thanks.
Robert Benmosche: Well through June, there were roughly $500 million I think purchases so most came subsequent to that again I dont think
Unidentified Company Representative: I did in fact mentioned that we did about $400 million of first tranche of the (inaudible). $600 million.
David Herzog:  Yeah and again some of the purchases were done at parent some of purchases were done directly into the insurance companies and we havent disclosed any additional details on that so I thats where well leave it.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then just how understand like how do you think about the decision to deploy into these assets versus to hold further uses and just trying to understand kind of, what are the kind of trade-offs in that you think about  that you thought about in terms of choosing to buying those assets?
William Dooley: Yeah, hi, this is Bill Dooley. This is just part of our normal evaluation on our strategic asset allocation and where do we want to put both the free cash flow of the insurance companies and the reinvestment of the maturities within the insurance companies. And you look at the overall interest rate environment, which everyone seems to be concerned about. And these assets fits our risk profile very well, it fits our duration on the book very well and we allocate these type of assets between the life businesses and the property casualty business and with the blend of our  what I would say core investment with the additional yields that we make on these asset classes, it gives us, I think a very acceptable return on our overall investment policies.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co.: So $1.5 billion was in SunAmerica, a chunk happened, and do we know how much happened in Chartis?
William Dooley: No, we dont know. I dont have that number in front of me right now.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
Mark Finkelstein  Evercore Partners: Good morning. I guess a point of clarification on the disclosure around the derive assets and liabilities, just a confirmation, of the $39 billion of assets that you disclosed, roughly $8 billion of that relates to Maiden Lane III is that correct?
Unidentified Company Representative: Thats correct.
Mark Finkelstein  Evercore Partners: Okay. And I guess just how much capital do you think needs to manage that book or to support that book?
Unidentified Company Representative: We dont look at a single measure of capital, we look at NAV in an absolute basis, we look at economic capital, which is again available capital versus required capital under various stress scenarios and we also look at cash flow sufficiency of our assets to cover our maturing liabilities. And we look at that under stress as well. So, its not just one approach or methodology that we use. And I think as David said, based on that analysis we have made a decision to reallocate some of the capital within (inaudible). So that gives you a sense that we believe there was excess capital and excess liquidity. In addition, the portfolio isnt wind down. The assets and liabilities are matched up quite well and then again over time, we would expect to realize the freeing up of the NAV, as well as the additional capital created from the pull through intrinsic of the assets.
Mark Finkelstein  Evercore Partners: Okay. On SunAmerica, you sold about $9 billion of assets to harvest gains, you released $1.3 billion or so to capital loss carry forwards. Can you just expand upon the strategy of harvesting gains going forward, you did talk a little bit about that in the queue. And I guess what Im interested in is how much more should we be expecting and how do you expect these assets to be redeployed?
David Herzog:  This is David. Ill touch on the expectation of the strategy and then Bill can talk about redeployment. We evaluated the totality of again the prudent and feasible strategies and transactions, including a capital gain harvesting. So that was incorporated into our overall assessment for the quarter. We have again, various transactions that have as a consequence tax outcomes and then weve identified certain portfolios where capital gain harvesting is an appropriate step to take, again, balancing the need for maintaining our capital sufficiency, statutory reserves, cash flow testing, maintaining margin and operating earnings. So were not again, not looking at any one individual measure, but trying to balance the need for operating earnings with the need to realize the benefits of the capital loss carryforward. I would say that the amount of expected realization is in line with what I had commented earlier even going far  in fact as far as when we run the initial offering back in May 2011. So its consistent with that, were executing in line with that  with those expectations. So Bill, do you want to talk about the redeployment?
William Dooley: Sure. I guess my first comment is that in just the normal course of business on managing these portfolios, we take gains from time to time and we continue to take gains from time to time, as we take different views on different credits within the overall portfolio. So that was number one. Number two, if you look over the portfolio over the last 18 months or so, with the redeployment of the cash that builds up over that period of time, the portfolio has undergone a lot of changes to its asset classes and things like that. And at the same time, it allowed us to take some of these gains that maybe in the past, we would have it during this period of time. The other aspect of the thing two is that we took this opportunity to rebalance the duration of the portfolios. So, right now particularly in SunAmerica portfolios we feel that the assets are reflective of the proper duration against the liabilities and I think thats also very important given the interest rate environment that weve find ourselves in and we could be looking at in the near term as well. 
Unidentified Company Representative:  And I just want remain everybody, we did talk about [cycle ending] and weve gone through a whole approach to our liquidity management here and what are the most effective ways to do that and as part of that liquidity management we determine that we could do some securities lending and that as a consequence of that at securities lending it would create capital gains and so thats another form of harvesting capital gains, which is part of that liquidity program that we probably wouldnt take that approach if we couldnt cover some of the costs of those capital gains, but thats covered now. So, it made sense to take that approach to how we handle our liquidity. So thats another thing thats allowing us to get there without actually selling securities and losing the yield.
Mark Finkelstein  Evercore Partners:  Okay, Alright thank you. 
Operator:  And now well take a question from Thomas Gallagher, Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse:
 :
Unidentified Company Representative: I dont think there is any concern we have about the businesses we have and so on. We are discussing internally the effects the Volcker Rule could have on us and so there is little concern there. Were thinking about that if we  and we are giving thoughts to whether we should now close the bank we have, thus were concerned about that aspect of it, and then insurance company invest very differently than a bank would. But aside from that issue, this is really about making sure we have really good process, and good controls especially in the risk management arena, very good controls around how we determine we can handle a bump in the night that happened in 08 for example. And so thats the SECORP process that we go through. And were doing it in the same discipline, then look a lot of us were frustrated with the SOX or so on. It was lot of formal receptions, but the process itself made sure companies really thought through the controls they need to have to make sure that they issue numbers that are correct. And so we see this as an enhancement to that process. And so its really about process policies and making sure we have really good controls over some of the assumptions around our liquidity and so on. So thats really the major changes, it is just how we do things.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Got it. And you wouldnt see necessarily an asset allocation change within the portfolio and in particular, now you read some of the NPRs that have been put out by the Fed. And again a lot of this for  as it relates to you guys is probably still someone uncertain, but when I look at like RWA charges just for things like alternatives, it seems very high. So just curious from a height level whether there would be a change for you?
Unidentified Company Representative: We have the NAIC, they do a very effective job in the US, you have the FSAs around the world and so on. All of them have their capital charges at the insurance companies prior to maintain RBCs and so on. So the insurance companies in my opinion are already there and I think that we dont know, because we dont know, what we dont know, from my sense is that thats not going be an issue. The real question becomes the amount of money that we hold at the holding company above all of the regulated entities and to the extent that we own these regulated entities what requirements the Fed may have. And for example at AIG, we have as you know the capital maintenance agreements, which says that we can contribute back into the insurance companies if RBCs fall. We got to make sure that money is actually there and its available if in fact there is a crisis at insurance company. And so having the Fed regulate that money and making sure that when we have a liquidity plan, we have one, thats reassuring for the insurance regulators that are looking at AIGs ability to live up to its commitments. So in a way we see that is a big positive.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thats helpful. And then just last question. Just a question, in the Q it references on the DIB that excluding the mark-to-market adjustments, there was a negative spread. I think thats just because ML III has its own entity on a segment reporting basis, and right now technically its in the DIB, but as we think about selling off or using potential proceeds from ML III for something else, how should we think about the earnings power of the DIB assuming there is a drawdown of assets  from use of assets from Maiden Lane III?
Jay Wintrob: Yeah, I think, its a good question. I think you are right. The spread number does not include Maiden Lane III, but what it also does and include is a  the most significant source of earnings going forward in DIB is the pull to intrinsic of the underlying assets. So to the extent there are assets going out of the DIB, the remaining assets will, as we said, we will be sufficient to meet maturities and youll see the pull to intrinsic coming through over time. And excess liquidity, to the extent it exists within the DIB, could be used to make further attractive investments or to retire debt. So as the DIB winds down, youll see more and more of that kind of activity.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: So, in other words, there is a lot of assets within the DIB that have an element of below par that you would expect to get to par over time?
Brian Schreiber:  It maybe not par but to intrinsic but they are trading at deep discounts to what we believe intrinsic value.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Understood, thanks.
Elizabeth A. Werner:  Thank you everyone. Operator, at this time, I think we are going to have to take off the remaining questions off-line. So please don't hesitate to give us a call if you are in queue. And thank you again for joining us for our second quarter earnings call.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, that will conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Liz Werner  Head, IR Bob Benmosche  President and CEO David Herzog  EVP and CFO Peter Hancock  CEO, Chartis Jay Wintrob  President and CEO, SunAmerica Financial Group Bill Dooley  EVP, Investments & Financial Services and CEO, Asset Management John Doyle  CEO, Global Commercial Insurance Business, Chartis
Analysts:  Andy Dinnhaupt  Franklin Mutual Andrew Kligerman  UBS Keith Walsh  Citi Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse 
Operator: Please stand by. We are about to begin. Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome todays American International Groups First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead
Liz Werner: Thank you. Before we get started this morning, Id like to remind you that todays presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first quarter 2012 10-Q and 2011 10-K under Managements Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIGs website, www.aig.com Before we go through the results, I want to remind you that we adopted the new DAC standard on a retroactive basis, therefore, all prior period numbers in the 10-Q and financial supplements have been revised. In addition, we plan on filing a Form 8K to recast our 2011 Form 10-K later today also to reflect these changes. And now Id like to turn our call over to our CEO, Bob Benmosche.
Bob Benmosche: Thanks, Liz, and good morning everybody. I want to be brief because I want to leave time for David, Peter and Jay as they go their parts of the report. But the most important message I think that comes out of the first quarter of 2012 is the strong organic growth of this company and the strength of our insurance businesses, and I think you can see with that performance alone that we are well on our way to achieve our aspirational goal. So we are gaining more and more confidence that we can continue to grow, grow effectively and grow profitably. However, there is a lot of things that happened in this quarter which I think are monumental. First is the fact of our ability to monetize non-core assets. As you saw, we sold another $6 billion of AIA as well as our Blackstone interest. This is important because it allowed us to do a lot of things in the first quarter that gives us financial flexibility as we look to the future. So for example, we were able to buy $3 billion of our shares when the Treasury made their offer in March. Thats significant in my mind because what one of the debates we have is the overhang, and what affect the overhang has on our company. Conventional wisdom has been, as long as Treasury has a large position; $29 is probably the ceiling for the stock. We believe that our performance and we keep growing this company the right way, we believe that earnings will actually be what determines the value of this stock, and I think our performance since then has demonstrated that, at least the market has shown that. In addition to that, confidence in our company is growing. When you look at our CDS spreads and where we are today, in fact, in the 190s. So thats all part of how the market has reacted to what we did in March but also we were able to pay down the SPV of $8.6 billion. So now we are free to deal with other non-core assets as we go forward. So we still have AIAs position. We are still looking to find the right time to do an IPO for ILFC and you can see that the Federal Reserve has started to sell down the Maiden Lane III portfolio. Beyond capital management, which is important, but its the core results of this company which is more important. So if you look at Chartis, we see loss ratios improving, we see rate coming in and we see a better mix of our business, but keep in mind that and I  we sometimes forget it, when it comes to the insurance business, it takes time to see these improvements emerge in our financials. We had a lower cats, which is good for the quarter, but more importantly as you see our reserves continue to have modest movement where the movement this quarter was about 0.1%. When you consider the size of those reserves, thats nominal. So we really have had five quarters now of very good performance there. I know some people are still concerned about the reserves and thats why were doing everything we can to provide you as much information as we can. So you can see in a transparent way what we have and what we are dealing with. SunAmerica continues to do well. You see the investment results are stronger as we invested that cash and keep reinvesting cash effectively. But more importantly you see positive cash flows again in their various products. Annuity  variable annuity sales were up and the good news is, we have very well positioned product, its not aggressive in any one feature and we are balanced in the features that we sell and so we feel comfortable were going to continue to see good growth and Jay will talk about that. And of course, as you look at just the delinquency ratios and so on down the line, you see at UGC those are improving as well as our new business is growing and were growing with our new performance premium algorithm, which means that were putting very good business on the books as we grow that and in fact they had made a profit in the first quarter of this year. So thats a good business for us. So overall, all of our businesses are profitable, were continuing to grow, we see growth improving over time and our performance will improve over time. So what I like to do now is turn it over to David who will take you through the numbers.
David Herzog: Thanks, Bob, and good morning everyone. In summarizing the quarter, the key theme that I would like to highlight is our continued execution around the drivers of value creation for our various stakeholders. We continue to execute on the core insurance growth opportunities across the franchise and just a few examples I would cite include Chartis as it continues to successfully grow the consumer business which was 41% and had premiums in the quarter up from 37% a year ago and Chartis continues to drive for rate, particularly in the commercial line. SunAmerica is benefiting from a more favorable variable annuity market that Bob referenced and they also continue to be very disciplined in spread management. Then United Guaranty continues to grow faster than the industry and pricing targets on their new business in excess of 20% return on their equity. We continue to execute on capital management, as Bob referred to, including our share repurchase, sales of non-core assets, $2 billion debt offering we repaid SPV which unencumbered, importantly, several billion dollars worth of non-core assets that enhanced our financial flexibility. And lastly, we continue to execute on preparing for Fed readiness and for Fed oversight. Consistent with our comments last quarter, we still estimate that our Tier 1 common equity ratio under the Fed stress test is still close to 8%. We have a very large team of people focused on preparing for Fed oversight including several subject matter experts. Were preparing as though AIG will be likely be designated SIFI and held to a standard that can differentiate us and provide additional security to our many stakeholders including our policy holders our bond holders and our shareholders. So now what Id like to do is just step through the next couple of pages very quickly. If we turn to page 4, you can see that our after-tax operating earnings were $3.1 billion, up almost 48%, or $1.65 per share, which was up 23% from last year $1.34. Average shares outstanding a year ago reflect the recap that we completed in mid-January. Book value per share grew 30% to $57.68 or $53.85 ex-AOCI. Contributing to that was the DTA valuation allowance that we released in the fourth quarter. We had share repurchases, and again, our continued strong earnings growth. We had earnings in our investment in AIA and MLIII, which Ill comment on more in a minute, but we also had our spreads narrowed by some 275 basis points in the quarter, which drove a mark-to-market or fair value CVA adjustment on the debt that we mark-to-market of about $580 million. In the quarter, we also on a GAAP net income basis had a DTA valuation allowance release of about $180 million related to utilization of SunAmerica capital loss carry-forwards that resulted from some capital gains. Lets turn to page 5. Chartis operating earnings were over $1 billion and included catastrophe losses of about $80 million versus $1.7 billion in the year ago. SunAmericas is $1.3 billion of operating earnings reflected favorable investment spread, and importantly had a very strong spread management effects. United Guaranty was profitable in the quarter and saw a further decline in delinquency rates, to 11.4%, and also importantly average gross reserves per delinquency is still around $29,000Non-core assets remain a compelling source of value for AIG. ILFC had pre-tax income of about $119 million in the quarter, relatively flat from a year ago. ILFC raised over $2 billion in the quarter, proceeds of which were used to reduce interest costs, eliminate a bank facility that had change of control provisions and to improve their liquidity. AIA earnings included about a $580 million gain on the sale of the shares that we actually sold and another $1.2 billion in unrealized depreciation. Maiden Lane III had about a $1.3 million increase in fair value as a result of credit spreads. Our first quarter tax rate, effective tax rate was around 25% and thats a little lower than usual and also was lower than the 35% statutory rate in part because of the tax exempt interest and the valuation allowance on the DTA on capital gains. Our first quarter operating income effective tax rate was about 30.8%, up from a little over 24% a year ago, in part due to a higher level of income on things like AIA or ML III which attract an operating tax rate of 35% and so that compares to more modest levels of tax exempt interest on our munis. Lets turn to slide 6. Our approach to capital management is fairly simple, be ready. We were opportunistic in our sales of AIA and Blackstone in the quarter and we believe that its absolutely critical to be ready when market opportunities present themselves. We have a solid foundation to build upon. Our leverage ratios remain strong at 18.7% of debt and hybrids to total capital. Lets turn to slide 7; you can see the carrying values of the remaining non-core assets aggregate in excess of $20 billion that enhance our overall financial flexibility. We note that the potential gains would be offset by our NOLs, thus utilizing or realizing the cash benefits of our DTAs. Lets turn to slide 8; you can see that the parent company liquidity exceeded $12 billion and that reflected the $3 billion in share buybacks in the quarter. In the first quarter, SunAmerica dividends and note repayments to the parent totaled some $1.6 billion and that contributed to the SPV pay down and Chartis contributed over $1 billion to the parent as well in the quarter. Ratings remain stable and our year-end RBC ratios exceeded our CMA requirements of 350% for Chartis and 435% for SunAmerica. In the aggregate across Chartis U.S. and the SunAmerica companies, the amount of capital AIG is required to hold in the operating companies to meet the regulatory and rating agency requirements has not changed materially from 2011. And AIGs expected annual dividends from our operating companies is still in the $4 billion to $5 billion per year. And in conclusion, again I just want to highlight the theme of continued execution in our results, both capital management, operating improvements and our march towards our aspirational goals of a 10% ROE by 2015, which we remain committed to. And at this point, Id like to turn the call over to Peter for comments on Chartis.
Peter Hancock: Thanks, David, and good morning everybody. Ive got some slides on Chartis, but I want to just give you an overall view of the quarter. And so first quarter results reflect meaningful progress towards increasing the intrinsic value of our business and Im pleased to report that were very much on track with regards to our five-year plan. The current accident year loss ratio improved by several points from the effects of more profitable portfolio mix, stronger pricing, and enhanced risk selection. For the fifth consecutive quarter, reserve development was equal to or less than 0.1% of Chartis total reserves, which were $67 billion as of quarter end. Catastrophe losses were immaterial at about $80 million in the quarter and the expense ratio increased, but that was consistent with our expectations as we grow higher value, less capital intensive businesses, which cost more to acquire and as we make strategic investments in talent and infrastructure. These investments are necessary to strengthen our competitive position and are expected to ultimately yield significant savings in the future. Turning to slide 9 of the presentation, it details Chartis underwriting results and pre-tax operating income for the quarter. Chartis accident year combined ratio excluding catastrophes was a 100.4% reflecting lower underlying loss ratios offset by the increased expenses. Pre-tax operating income benefited from $1.2 billion in net investment income, a 4% increase compared to the prior year and thats primarily due to higher interest income on fixed income securities driven by redeployment of excess cash and short-term investments into higher yielding securities. This was partially offset by a decrease in partnership income due to equity market performance and a decrease in mutual fund income as a result of a lower level of mutual fund holdings as part of Chartis strategic asset allocation strategy. The accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes, improved by 3.1 points compared to the first quarter 2011 and 2.4 points from full year 2011 results. This result largely reflects meaningful progress in initiatives to shift the portfolio to higher value products and geographies to improve business with marginal returns and to use data and analytics more intelligently in the risk selection process. During the first quarter, we brought together the global claims and operations and systems functions to create greater efficiency and reduced claims related costs. The global claims initiative and the implementation of our proprietary claims system signify steps we have taken towards improving claims handling. In addition, we are developing a much broader target operating model that will streamline processes and capabilities to deliver further loss ratio improvement and superior customer service in the future. Consumer insurance represented 41% of total net premiums in the quarter compared to 37% in the first quarter of 2011. 56% of total premiums were generated outside of the U.S. up from 55% in the first quarter 2011. We continue to expand in growth economy nations, which represented 11% of total first quarter 2012 net premiums, up from 10% in the first quarter of 2011. That represents an 8.5% annual growth rate. We maintained our focus on driving improvement in pricing and terms and conditions. Rate changes in the U.S. and Canada increased approximately 5% across Chartis diverse book of business. U.S. property and workers comp experienced the most notable increases at approximately 11% and 7%, respectively. While we are generally experiencing positive rate change across most products and regions, some markets continue to lag. Customer retention remained strong, but in line with expectations, given our business mix shift and improved risk selection initiatives. Slide 10 summarizes topline results Chartis net premiums declined approximately 4.5% over the prior-year period, when adjusted for foreign exchange effects. The continued restructuring of our loss-sensitive business in casualty, which reduces premiums written but improves capital efficiency accounted for 1.6% of that overall decline. An additional 1.6% of the variance was due to a large multiyear financial line policy written in the first quarter of 2011, which did not recur in the current year. The remainder of the decrease reflected our effort to improve underperforming lines continue adherence to rate discipline and management of catastrophe-exposed business, specifically within commercial. This is consistent with Chartis strategy to improve the loss ratio and to shed business that does not meet internal performance standards. Net prior year adverse reserve development was $66 million driven by loss emergence in casualty and increased activity from multiyear environmental liability policies written in older accident years. This was also favorable development on prior-year natural catastrophes, mainly the Japan earthquake. Expense trends were consistent with our desired mix of business changes, particularly in consumer lines which offer lower, more stable loss ratios, increased acquisition costs from growing the consumer business and the change of mix in the commercial business, as well as investments related to international growth which accounted for two points of the expense ratio increase in the quarter. Approximately 1.9 points of the increase related to non-recurring items including an increase in bad debt expense and a reduction in the PGAAP benefits for the Fuji acquisition. We continue to make strategic investments in systems, processes and talent which we expect will yield greater savings and a stronger franchise in the years ahead. We are transforming Chartis business to be a more profitable and inherently a more sustainable value portfolio. As a result, the expense ratio will be under pressure in the near term but we expect it will be offset by improvements in the loss ratio and that pressure will abate as we start to see infrastructure investments in 2012 and 2013 yield savings in the following years. These actions will help us achieve a combined ratio in the mid-90s and a double-digit ROE by 2015. In the first quarter, Chartis continued to execute its capital management initiatives making a $1 billion dividend payment, which exceeded plan, to AIG. Our capital adequacy levels are strong and in line with rating agency expectations. Significantly A.M. Best upgraded Chartis outlook to stable from negative in the first quarter, which is in line with the views of S&P and Moodys. We made very good progress optimizing our reinsurance program in the quarter. We now define our risk appetite from a global perspective rather than locally and we continue to rely on intercompany reinsurance to help maximize capital fundibility. Chartis catastrophe exposure management is enabling us to reduce externally ceded reinsurance generating cost savings. As weve discussed in prior quarters, Chartis continues to grow its consumer insurance business in key regions as well as the portion derived from the direct marketing channel outside of the U.S. In the first quarter, we had considerable success in consumer, all lines exhibited growth and direct marketing spend helped generate profitable returns. The Accident & Health business benefited from the implementation of its group benefit strategy from American General. Personal lines results reflect growth in warranty and personal property and importantly Chartis closed on the Service Net acquisition in the quarter, significantly expanding our warranty customer acquisition and service platform. Chartis continues to measure and refine the risk-adjusted profitability of all its businesses and we are directing capital and resources to optimize profitability where we see opportunities. Our goal is to be the most valued insurance company in the world, the transformation underway in Chartis today and the progress were seeing against our strategies gives me great confidence that we are going to succeed. Now lets turn it over to Jay
Jay Wintrob: Thanks a lot, Peter, and good morning everybody. Turning first to slide 11, SunAmerica delivered a solid first quarter with $1.3 billion in pre-tax operating income. Strong sales across most product lines, positive net flows and improved base investment spreads. As David mentioned earlier, SunAmerica distributed $1.6 billion to AIG as a result of the MLII liquidation. In the quarter, we recognized income of $245 million on the MLII investment, essentially flat with the first quarter of 2011. Going forward, SunAmericas results will no longer include gains or losses from MLII. We saw strong sales growth in all of our product lines with the exception of fixed annuities, and as expected our fixed annuity sales declined during the quarter due to the low interest rate environment and we expect full year fixed annuity sales to remain below last years levels. Variable annuity sales were a highlight in the quarter and were up 38% as sales exceeded $1 billion in the quarter, a first since the financial crisis. The sales increase was driven by expanded distribution, increased wholesaler productivity, and our competitive de-risked product offerings. Last year, we were the first in the industry to index our living benefit fees to market volatility as measured by the VIX index, reducing our exposure to changes in volatility. And during the first quarter of this year, we launched a new product offering with the Volatility Control Fund that further reduces the risk related to market volatility while offering a competitive benefit. The impact of strong equity markets in the first quarter decreased DAC amortization and guaranteed benefits expense by $52 million versus the first quarter of last year. Our variable annuity business is a relatively small piece of our balanced book of business. Separate account reserves were $50.7 billion at March 31 out of total reserves in mutual funds of $230 billion of which $20 billon of reserves or less than 9% include living benefit guarantees. So we have the capacity, distribution capability, risk controls, and financial discipline to capitalize on the growing demand in this market as some of our competitors are pulling back. Sales of group retirement products increased 8% driven by individual rollover deposits in the quarter. We expect rollover deposits to slow in the near term due to the impact of low interest rates. Retail life sales increased 7% in the quarter principally due to growth in term life sales through independent distribution and our affiliated direct-to-consumer platform Matrix Direct. Mutual fund sales continue to accelerate as a favorable equity market and strong product performance drove new deposits. And as Bob mentioned, despite a $1.5 billion year-over-year decline in fixed annuity sales, our total net flows were positive for the fifth consecutive quarter, which highlights the advantages of our diversified product portfolio. On April 12th, we announced a reorganized structure designed to better serve the needs of our clients and promote accelerated profitable sales growth. Key aspects of the new structure are distinct product divisions, shared annuity and life operations platforms and a unified all-channel distribution organization with access to all SunAmerica products. We believe this organizational structure will allow us to better leverage our competitive strengths, our diverse product manufacturing capabilities, our broad and strong distribution relationships and our experienced and talented leadership team. On slide 12, we showed the general improvement in base investment yields and base net investment spreads over the past four quarters for Western National, our leading fixed annuity writer and VALIC, our group retirement company. Base investment yield represents our investment yield excluding the impact of alternative investment income, call and prepayment fee income and ML II fair value income. Base yields in the first quarter were up significantly over the prior year quarter due to the redeployment of cash during 2011. Base yields were also up sequentially, as this quarter we invested approximately $7.4 billion at a yield of 5.3% across all SunAmerica including a 15% allocation to non-agency residential mortgage backed securities. We continue to be opportunistic with our investments in structured securities in order to improve yields, increase net investment income and help offset the impact of the lower interest rate environment. These net investment spreads were helped by the improvement in base yields and our ongoing active management of new and renewal crediting rates. And with respect to renewal rates at VALIC, we reset rates on a $16 billion block of business at the beginning of this year, which contributed to the sequential increase in base spreads of 24 basis point. Approximately 51% of SunAmericas annuity and universal life account values are now at minimum guarantees, up from 45% at the end of the fourth quarter. Nearly 70% of total annuity and universal life account values have minimum-guaranteed crediting rates of 3% or lower. Last quarter we provided information on the potential impact of a continued low interest rate environment on our operating earnings. We indicated then that we would expect a negative pre-tax earnings impact of less than $10 million this year and $65 million to $80 million next year. Given our current new money rates, our disciplined approach to pricing and active managing of crediting rates, our view on the potential impact remains unchanged. And with that, Ill turn it back over to David to wrap us up.
David Herzog: Thank you, Jay. And before I go over to Liz on  to kick off Q&A, I just would remind everybody on page 13 of highlights of United Guaranty, the highlights of which I covered in my opening remarks. So, Liz, back to you.
Liz Werner: Operator, can we open the lines for Q&A at this time?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from Andy Dinnhaupt from Franklin Mutual.
Andy Dinnhaupt  Franklin Mutual: I had two questions on ML III, the first is on page 15 where you break out the composition. Could you just tell us where the MAX CDO that was recently sold, which category that fell into? And then secondly in your 10-Q you disclosed that the ML III assets were pledged against the direct investment book. Does that hinder your ability to execute further sales in the ML III assets? Thanks.
Bob Benmosche: Yeah, Im going to turn it over to Bill Dooley, but first of all ML III is being sold by the Federal reserve and they go through the positions as they see fit and its up to the Federal Reserve to decide how they want to liquidate it. MAX was the biggest one in the portfolio and the most complex from our point of view, so it was  in our view it was a very successful sale and as we think about those sales we could also be a buyer. So for the insurance companies, if we saw some value in the sale of MAX and in fact we bought $600 million of the positions in the insurance companies as part of our investment portfolio. So we dont see anything that here at AIG that would represent a constraint on the Federal Reserve to sell ML III assets and to the extent we can get the price we think makes sense, we would be a buyer, but Bill do you want to talk about the pledge and the fact that as this occurs, and how that flows through in terms of cash?
Bill Dooley: Sure, first of all Maiden Lane III is unencumbered assets at the parent company and once its monetized, a substantial portion can go into the financial flexibility of the firm. So that means liquidity management, leverage management and the ongoing capital management that were doing. So as Bob just said, the flexibility is tremendous because of our opportunities to if we like the asset, if we like the price and we do know something about these assets, as everyone knows, that they were also eligible for the insurance companies to be bought at the same time.
Bob Benmosche: And I think that the bottom line here is that we had talked to everybody a year ago on the re-IPO that we were looking at 2014 second half as the beginning of receiving cash out of the ML III and we talked to ML II our cash wouldnt come until 2015 possibly. So we have already seen all that come in and what this basically says is we wont have to wait till 2014 second half to begin to deal with the liquidity opportunities this would create for us. So again that plus the paying down of the SPV a year early gives us enormous flexibility we did not think we would have until the middle to the end of next year at the earliest, so were already there.
Liz Werner: Operator, can we go to our next question?
Operator: Yes. We will take one from Andrew Kligerman from UBS.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Good morning. Could you, having said earlier in the call that youre preparing AIG that its likely to be a non-bank SIFI, can you address the degree of capital management that youd like to do given that over the next year. And then secondly with regard to variable annuities, you did a strong $1 billion plus in VA deposits. The big guys in that business are doing $3 billion to $5 billion plus, whats your appetite there? Do you want to get into that top three and do $3 billion to $5 billion per quarter?
Bob Benmosche: Im going to let Jay talk about his appetite because I think he needs to talk about the product design. I think the question by itself, Andrew, would not make much sense unless we talk to how we price and the ROEs and the risk management thats around our products. So Ill let Jay do that. Why dont you do that first, Jay, so we get that one first, and then well talk about capital management segment?
Jay Wintrob: Sure. Thanks, Bob. Yeah, I think the most important thing, Andrew, is that we have spent a lot of time over the past couple of years reducing the risk in our variable annuity product. First, as I mentioned, with time the variable annuity rider fees to changes in the VIX to reduced exposure to volatility, requiring a portion of the assets to be invested in bonds or in the fixed account or on the equity side being invested in certain asset allocation models, and then just this year our latest component which was the volatility control fund being a part of the product in order to obtain the living benefit feature. We continue to feel good about how the product is structured and the pricing returns were getting. At the same time, I think if you look at our benefit rollup rates and our withdrawal rates and our age at which you can take withdrawals, they are not overly aggressive in any respect, and our fees remain certainly at the high end for the industry. Having said all of that, as we have been reinstated in certain distribution channels, weve built up or internal and external wholesaling force and improved the productivity of our wholesalers. You have seen sales increase and we continue to have an appetite to do that assuming we can do it with products that have terms and conditions and costs that were comfortable with. Weve also invested a lot and continue to invest in our risk management, in our hedging program and our more general risk management. So, I would say that our internal goal is to continue to build up our distribution, consistent with our sales opportunities. If that moves us up in sales, so be it. We dont tend to target any ranking level. But depending on external circumstances, including how aggressive some of our competitors are, we may continue to move up in those rankings and I do continue to see our variable annuity movement in terms of sales and flows to be strong, so I hope thats helpful in response to your question.
Bob Benmosche: And the other piece I would add to it is that if you look at our year-over-year flows, we are concerned about fixed annuities at these low interest rate levels. We dont want to build a large book at low interest rates and then be concerned about disintermediation, if and when we see an uptick in rates and especially if there is a rapid uptick in rate. So, that youll see a decline in sales and thats one we are being very strong in terms of maintaining balance on getting our return and being careful what we put on our book. So, its really about the fixed annuity more so than the variable annuity that wed be most concerned by. Coming back to SIFI and capital, the key to being regulated by the Fed and the impact of capital management is youd better have a very good well-documented process. So you have to know what youre doing, how youre doing it, show and demonstrate that you do it; and we believe we have got a team thats excellent, were working through that and were pretty confident that if and when the Fed arrives that we will have the process in place that will allow them to judge whether we have any constraints on our ability to continue capital management. So, we wont know till they get here. We wont know till we run their systems and they verify what weve done but we feel pretty comfortable that were in pretty good shape, and then we dont see any significant impact to our ability other than to comply with their rules and regulations and time frames.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: So Bob, looking at the assets youve outlined, $6 billion plus worth of ML III something on ILFC, $8 billion worth of AIA, you dont see that as constrained at all over the next 12 months?
Bob Benmosche: What Im saying is that if the Fed arrives, and when they determine they are our regulator, then they will decide. We dont see the constraint but we have to go through their stress test process and their review and their audits to make sure that we are okay. And I think that the constraint might be more time in our view but could be wrong but were thinking its more about when we could do things, not if we could do things, especially when they go through the company for the very first time.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Right. So in the meantime youre moving forward with capital management?
Bob Benmosche: In the meantime, we see no constraint right now to our capital management. Were going to continue to look at our capital, look at our non-core assets, the selling of ILFC is not only about capital management, its about recognizing its a non-core business. It has a huge debt load and its a business that doesnt fit in the insurance business and so we feel that thats a business we would not be in. And to the extent it provides us a lot more capital, thats great, because it helps us with capital management but its also about de-risking the company and thats another aspect of it. So its in combination, were doing things that make the most sense for this company, its credit ratings and our future.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Walsh from Citi.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Good morning. Thanks. First question for Peter, just thinking about with respect to Chartis, can you just talk about how you think about allocation of capital to each line of business? How thats communicated down to the troops, the underwriters and then how thats reflected in their compensation? Thanks.
Peter Hancock: Well, the first thing is that we think about capital through an economic lens first, but recognize that life in an insurance company with multiple constraints is a little bit more complex than that. So we look at multiple binding constraints whether they be rating agency view of capital or regulatory view of capital. But we start with our true north, which is an economic view of risk which drives the amount of capital needed to support that risk. Secondly, consistent with our reorganization, we think about it globally. So the commercial lines run by John Doyle, has under him individuals responsible for the global allocation of capital. So George Stratts, for instance running Global Property, thinks about optimal capital allocation to where he is getting fairly compensated for the exposure were taking. We measure performance using risk-adjusted profitability, which is ROE minus a cost of capital, times the amount of capital deployed. That metric is still in its early stages of implementation, but we have it calculated at a fairly granular level, and its increasingly being used as a measure of peoples success. In terms of incentives, we think that the right way to incentivize people in this business is over the medium to long term. So any single period risk-adjusted profit number needs to be put in a broader context. We are in particular looking at changes and improvement as opposed to the absolute number, but we feel that there has been much more rapid uptake of this framework for thinking about how to properly balance growth, profitability and risk towards growing value than I could ever have hoped. So Im very pleased with the progress.
Bob Benmosche: Let me just make one other comment on the compensation part, and its something that if you looked at the compensation of program here at AIG, the variable portion of the compensation for the underwriters that you are talking about is actually unfortunately too small. Its mostly a fixed income. You have very little variable comp. And we need to, as we become much more performance based, we are actually trying to increase that a little bit as we go forward. So we dont see that as a big incentive one way or the other. Its really about the quality of the way you do your job, so you dont have the kind of leverage that you are used to seeing in your own businesses.
Keith Walsh  Citi: And then just second question for John Doyle if he is there? Retention rate trends in the commercial lines, specifically the U.S. commercial business, if you could just talk to that a little bit? Thanks.
John Doyle: Sure Keith. Retention is in line with the expectations for it. After the first quarter as you know, weve been shedding certain segments of underperforming business, so very low retentions in segments of our commercial casualty business. I would say client retention remains very high, but weve been continuing to reduce our cat exposures and increasing price in property cat pretty aggressively over the course of several quarters now. So we are retaining more of this customers but reducing exposure there. Outside of that retention remains within historical norms. As Peter mentioned earlier, we continue to see good rate improvement and good momentum on the pricing side. Property rates in the U.S. are up double digits. They are up more than that in parts of South East Asia. Casualty rate is up in single digits in the United States  some product areas and some geographies lagging a bit, probably most notably Continental Europe and Latin America, but really even in those geographies weve seen an improvement over where we were in the fourth quarter. You may have noted, we did take down the top line in Europe in the first quarter. Its a big renewal cycle for Continental Europe and that was some corrective underwriting action we took in the primary casualty. So, momentum is good. Retention is where we want it to be, given the pricing environment, and we took some aggressive action to improve the portfolio. So it was roughly a 3.7 point improvement in the accident year loss ratio in the first quarter.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Just picking upon Keiths question a little bit, I see the  I guess for John and Peter, the mix shift and the impact it had on the expense ratio. But as you move along this path, given the expense investments youre making and the mix shift towards higher expenses, lower loss business, when should Chartis begin to see underlying accident year profitability? I guess along those lines, Peter, you mentioned the aspirational goals were here at 100-ish. Where do we have to be at year end for you to feel confident that we are on track to get to the aspirational goals by 2015? And one follow-up if I can. Thank you.
Peter Hancock: Well, I think that there are some one-off items that make the recent short-term trend in the expense ratio inconsistent with what my longer-term trend expectation would be. So I would expect the expense ratio towards the end of the year to be between 32% and 33%. But to be honest, we are absolutely focused not on targeting a specific expense ratio. Were really looking at the ROE and making the right trade-off between stable loss ratio improvement and whatever it takes to spend to get that in terms of infrastructure, distribution to get the best mix of sustainable business. So, the infrastructure investments that are sort of heavy in nature are going to sort of peak in mid-2013. We have talked about that consistently over the last year, and the benefits from those will be long-term cost advantages and scalability of platforms through better shared services and so on. But importantly, I look at the large amount of expense thats in claims thats classified within the loss ratio and I really want to be agnostic about whether a cost is classified as loss ratio or expense ratio. Im not trying to  given the huge variety of businesses that we have, benchmarking our expense ratio against others is very hard to do, and so the bottom line on a risk-adjusted basis is a much better way to judge whether were making progress and we feel very good about our ability to deliver the target ROE by 2015.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. And then Bob, if I could follow on the asset  non-core asset question, so if you were to sell  if AIG were to sell some part of the non-core assets that you showed on elide 7, is your kind of baseline expectation that you would be able to deploy all of that capital that you generate from those sales?
Bob Benmosche: I think we are going to take a look at what that is when we do it and whats available and what makes the most sense for our shareholders and thats what well do. I cant give you any more color than that. I think if you look at what weve done so far that weve got a pretty good track record of putting the money where it makes the most sense.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Great. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Well take our next question from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Hey, thank you. Two questions. One, can we talk a little bit about the moving pieces in the direct investment book, so we can think about how we should model that going forward? And second, with regard to ILFC, were there planes taken off-line this quarter and it appears to be there were no charges associated. Can you talk about the value of the fleet and how youre feeling about that?
Bob Benmosche: David, why dont you take the first question and then...
David Herzog: Yeah, Josh, could you maybe clarify what youre interested in, in the direct investment book. What piece of it?
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: The  obviously there was the credit related losses this quarter. Is that related to rising interest rates? How should we think about that model going forward?
David Herzog: Yes, its a fair point, thats a good question. That was the CVA and when our credit spread. So again, directionally if you look at whats happening with our credit spreads, we had  our credit spreads came in 275 this quarter and we had a $580 million hit in that book. Now again, so what that means is our credit spreads came in much more than the credit spreads of the assets that weve invested in. So the whole book is or that piece of the book is marked to market. So we had a disproportionate improvement in ours, which is good news, I mean its terrific, that our credit spreads are tightening. So thats the biggest driver of it.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: On an operating basis, though, without the Blackstone gain, it would have been a much bigger hit to operating income. Is this an exceptional quarter, do you think, in terms of magnitude?
David Herzog: You mean in terms of the CVA, I think you can  I would think its  there is going to be volatility in that number, in that mark. So I think thats the way you have to look at it and map it back.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then ILFC fleet values and what happened this quarter? I think it may relate to (inaudible).
Bob Benmosche: Yeah, let me just answer it just briefly that the planes have been repossessed and actually re-leased and all the accounting, everything else, pretty much is done in this quarter, so I think you will see some drag in the remaining three quarters, as we go through this but the teams did an outstanding job of getting those planes back. Some of them were not re-leased, but they were actually put in part out. As you know, weve bought the part-out company which gives us an option where if we dont think we can get a good price for planes, we dont have to be struck with them on the ground. We have a chance to get good value out of just taking them apart and selling them through that Aero Turbine organization so I think overall a quick reaction and all the numbers were in the first quarter that you can see other than a drag a little bit in terms of income going forward.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: And no negative cost from the parting out?
David Herzog: Thats correct. Josh this is David, just to  I want to add on to what Bob said with respect to Malv, there was no impairment in the quarter or last quarter with respect to Malv. Those planes  we had those planes valued accordingly in anticipation of that, so we did have some impairment charges this quarter, but it did not relate to Malv.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Perfect, thank you very much
David Herzog: My pleasure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Stirling from Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: Hi, good morning, thanks for taking the call, and I think you so much you are expanding your disclosures. Im sure you folks have been drafting for weeks and I, at least  I certainly appreciate it. The one  there are two questions. One if I can with for David and then another for Peter, the question for David if you go back to slide 7, it would be  which is asset values and sort of how we should think about potential future divestures not from a timing, but from valuation perspective. Thinking about the taxes, can you give us some guidance as to either the tax basis we should be using when we model this out ourselves or simplistically just say, if the transactions were done at current carry values, what the actual  what, not the cash proceeds would be, because you told us they would be offset by NOLs, but the actual book value impact would be? Because presumably, I dont know that we can actually calculate what the DTA usage would be given that we dont know the tax basis.
David Herzog: Yeah, fair point. On ILFC we covered this last quarter but its helpful reminder that the simple example that we used last quarter is if we sold it at book value, book value is book value and we lay that out basically $7.5 billion. Example is, we said its  and it has a very low tax basis. So effectively, the book tax expense that will be recorded is essentially the proceeds times the tax rate. Thats the book tax and it will be offset with NOLs. So effectively youre accelerating the utilization of those NOLs. So there is no cash out the door for that tax expense. And then the book basis, as you can see AIA and ML III are both fair value options. So they are on the books for what they are on the books for. So AIA is carried at this point, at the end of quarter, it was $8.2 billion and the tax expense would be  the tax expense and then its again, utilization of our DTAs. So you have  we will have a book tax expense when we sell these, but we will not have a cash tax expense when we sell these. Is that helpful?
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: Thats helpful color. Im just, is the AIA tax basis and the Maiden Lane III tax basis, are these values approaching the fair value, which is, I think what I heard you just say?
David Herzog: Yeah. Weve  that weve already on AIA, weve already taken the book tax expense. So I think its the way to think about if the tax basis is less than that because of the timing of when we were filing tax returns etcetera, but its again, I think from a utilization standpoint the way to model it is just to think about the fair value. Thats the easiest way to think about it.
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: Thats helpful. And in ML III, maybe you are probably still in a loss position?
David Herzog: I dont know that thats the case.
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thats -?
David Herzog: For modeling purposes I would use the book value.
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thats helpful. And just if I could follow up on Andys good question about the changes to ML III and its involvement with the direct investment book. Should we look at that as you guys have actually already having an unencumbered other assets which were at the holding company at year-end which were effectively pledged to the direct investment book and so in some fashion you have already sort of started to get liquidity from the ML III by pledging it against other  against those obligations?
Jay Wintrob: Yeah, I think the way to look at it is that, when we extinguish the remaining SPV preferred, well use the DIB, as a vehicle to do that. So for effectively $1.5 billion we were able to add about $3.5 million of asset value and thats excluding the net escrow to the DIB. So the asset is unencumbered, its not in a regulated insurance company or anything like that and as it is monetized, depending on what the needs of the DIB or the parent are, we will determine how much excess value there is. Its our expectation that there will be a substantial portion of Maiden Lane III that would be available for a variety of corporate purposes including maximizing our financial flexibility.
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: Thats great, very helpful. And then if I could just overstay my welcome and ask, Peter, very much appreciate sort of the strategic color on the long-term growth strategy and mix management, loss ratio objectives and expenses. Im wondering if you can give us some of sort of color for the underwriting tranches of the kind of stuff you guys are actually doing today to take away sort of historically underperforming business to get where you need it just so we can sort go to the level of sort of understanding what youre really asking and expecting of your underwriters and sort of where we are in the execution of this story?
Peter Hancock: Well, I think that the first thing is that we are giving clear direction to our underwriters as to how to make the tradeoff between value and volume, and to do so with a view to optimizing customer relationships that weve had for decades. And that means going to our customers early and really helping them with us to use our capital in a way that is most valued by them, so in the lines where we have the most distinctive capabilities. And I think one good anecdote that happened in the first quarter was a longstanding manufacturing customer of ours in the U.S. that was up for a large property renewal where we the lead, and they expected contingent business interruptions to be included in the language as it always had been. But with the events in Thailand and in Japan highlighting the very real risk to the supply chain, we were unwilling to do the renewal without much greater detail on that supply chain risk. So, we wanted to have it excluded. It was a real tipping-point moment where the customer eventually backed down. We had the exclusion. But importantly, we agreed to work together with them over the next year to really understand the risk to their supply chain so that we could include it next year but also charge for it and help them figure out what the right retention would be on that risk. So, I think that our underwriters feel they have the empowerment from management to say no when thats the right thing to do, and to use the most sophisticated analytical tools to really help the customer manage their risk in the most sustainable way possible. So, I am seeing lots of nice examples where I think people are very aligned to make the right trade-offs.
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: And well take our final question from Tom Gallagher from Credit Suisse.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Good morning. Just  I just wanted to ask a quick follow up on the ML III question. I guess based on the way its worded in the Q saying its allocated to the MIP, book, my question is really; is it the full $7 billion or so  and is that backing MIP debt right now, or its just somehow an equity cushion within the MIP book? Like I just want to understand how we should think about that. And then I guess my follow-up is, as the stake gets monetized over the next year, can you just give us some general sense for how much you think could be used for capital management, if it did occur this year in a more immediate way versus that which would have to remain for liquidity purposes within the MIP book?
David Herzog: Sure. First, there are no specific assets in the DIB or MIP that are specifically pledged against debt. There is a pool of assets and those assets will generate cash flows that we believe will be more than adequate to meet the needs of the DIB. When ML III is monetized, we will then determine using a number of sort of tests that we look at, what the appropriate level of capital and liquidity for the DIB is. To the extent there is excess capital in the DIB, we should be able to use that freely at parent based on whatever opportunities we feel will maximize shareholder value. It is our expectation based on our numbers now that a portion of the Maiden Lane III assets will remain in the DIB but that there should be a substantial portion of excess value that we will be able to have discretion over how we use.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Thats very clear. Thank you and then just last follow up. I guess for David, the $8.2 billion of cash in short term at the holding company now and in addition, you have low financial leverage, can you talk about on a more near-term basis what your position is for ability to manage capital? Should we think about some portion of the $8 billion of cash in short term as available and potential leverage or can you give a little color around that?
Bob Benmosche: Yeah look, we are constantly looking at what we have and making sure that the biggest constraint we have amongst ourselves is to do what makes the most sense to continue to show strength in our credit ratings and how we use the money here and we will continue to look and examine what we have and we will do what is most prudent at that time. So I dont know it until I know it, until everybody around this table says that that makes sense to do. So thats about all I can tell you.
Tom Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks, Bob.
Liz Werner: Thank you operator. I think we are going to wrap it up for now. I appreciate everyone dialing in and certainly if you have any follow-up questions at all, dont hesitate to give us a call.
Bob Benmosche: Thank you all.
Operator: Once again ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays conference. We appreciate your participation today.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Elizabeth Werner  Vice President, Head of Investor Relations Robert H. Benmosche  President and Chief Executive Officer David L. Herzog  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Peter D. Hancock  Chief Executive Officer, Chartis Jay S. Wintrob  President and Chief Executive Officer, Domestic Life and Retirement Services Brian T. Schreiber  Treasurer, Executive Vice President, Treasury and Capital Markets John Q. Doyle  Chief Executive Officer, Global Commercial Business, Chartis 
Analysts:  Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank Securities Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Edward Spehar  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Andrew Kligerman  UBS Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investments Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein Gregory Locraft  Morgan Stanley  
Operator: Please standby, were about to begin. Good day and welcome to the American International Groups Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Elizabeth Werner: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that todays presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include factors described in our 2011 10-K under Managements Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIGs website. Thank you. And at this time Id like to turn it over to our CEO, Bob Benmosche.
Robert H. Benmosche:  Thanks, Liz, and good morning everybody. For those of you who were following the presentation online go to page 3 if you would. And were going to talk a little bit about 2011 and think about where you were a year ago. For us here, a year ago is probably a decade ago, but it was actually only 12 months. When we started the year off we had, the whole recapitalization of AIG with the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury. And many of you said, I dont think they can make it. This just doesnt seem right. And by the way, we were three years early for what it is we were required to do at that point in time. But in fact, we closed at January of 2011. We had some divestitures to continue to reduce the level of debt in our SPV for AIA and ALICO. And you saw, we sold Star and Edison, a tough sale but we got it done. Nan Shan in Taiwan, a tough sale, we got it done, as well as selling off the remaining MetLife securities so to bring the SPV down to the level we are today, which is well below the starting point of $26 billion. We had to strengthen our liquidity during the year, continue to get access to debt markets and other facilities including banks. As you saw, we negotiated our revolving credit facility for $4.5 billion. We did our continued capital note and even ILFC was able to get out there and show its strength in the marketplace to deal with its credit needs. But one of the conditions of closing if you recall was we had to raise equity capital. That was the condition of closing that we could access the market and we saw in May, we were able to sell a 100 million shares of AIGs stock alongside the Treasurys 200 million shares of stock. That demonstrated our ability to access the capital in markets and in fact we were able to then extinguish the Series G which was bridged to us until we actually made this accomplishment. And still in the second half, we finished the first half and as we started the second half we told all of you that were going from saving AIG to building AIG; that our crisis was over. And so as we focused in the second half of the year some of the things we did that werent anticipated until 2012, latter part of 2012 we did our senior debt hybrid exchange. We also repurchased and have the authorization to repurchase AIG shares for $1 billion. It was just on at the end of the year. So, that shows our beginning to do our capital management as we talked, we're going to be able to do. But, when we think about capital management and where we are one of the things we anticipate is we will be regulated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, is our assumption. And therefore we're doing everything we can to make sure we do, to put in the disciplines and be ready for them when they arrive. One of the things they do require is stress testing. And so, we made our best guess as to how you run the stress test. We don't have all of the information. They havent given us direction of what to do. But in attempting to understand what they announced recently we've run a stress test of AIG assuming we've got most of the major pieces correct. We wanted to understand where our Tier 1 capital was and see if thats a binding constraint on capital management. What we found is, okay, you have to have 5% minimum and maybe a point and a half on top of that to be [sefi]. We came out in the 8% range of Tier 1 capital, which means we got it right in terms of our interpretation of the rules and we got some other things right in terms of how we attempted to execute it. We could have as much as $10 billion of extra Tier 1 capital in this company. And we said were resolving for capital early on because we want to make sure that people understand we are financially strong. That doesn't mean this $10 billion that we're going to put to work right away; it just says that Tier 1 capital looks like it may not be a bided constraint. What is a bided constraint is the operations of this company. Our ability to generate cash and as you can see, in 2011 we generated almost $3 billion of dividends out of the insurance companies, almost $1 billion in the fourth quarter alone. So we're continuing to see the cash flows come in. We're comfortable with our capital ratios right now. And so the real challenge is getting operating performance right for this company. You see that in the fourth quarter. We also had to deploy a lot of cash in 2011 because we had a huge pile of cash beginning of the year because we thought were going to buy Maiden Lane II. We have succeeded in putting all of that cash to work throughout the year. You see that in our income in the fourth quarter, so you see the evidence of that money working. We have been asked a lot of questions about how much of Maiden Lane II did you get? So I might as well just answer it, so that you don't keep asking it. Up until now there is one more tranche to go, but up until now while weve added a lot of mortgage backed securities to our asset class that we had for the general account and so on, weve only purchased just under $2 billion of the assets coming out of Maiden Lane II. As we shared with you through the year, we had found that other institutions that want to reduce their risk rated assets; we were able to find some pretty good product, better quality credit and a pretty good yield. So that's what we chose to do instead of competing for pieces of Maiden Lane II. We felt more comfortable with the whole thing, but if we didn't get the whole thing, we were very careful about what we bought within the Maiden Lane II. So just want to put that to bed if I could. So our crisis is over. We had a good 2011. A lot of people say you made it, but, there is a but. So let's go to page four. What are some of the buts that I keep hearing? But it's a soft market. Try to say (inaudible) in the soft market. Rate is not coming back. You've heard us say throughout the year that were now working hard to get, at least there across the capital. Peter has talked very eloquently about risk-adjusted profitability and weve got to look at the risk we're writing, and do it in a more holistic way because our new organization allows us to do that. So you can see we got rate 4% in U.S., Canada, workers comp, and weve been talking about issues in workers comp now for the last year and a half. The market is beginning, our competitors are beginning to see the financial effect of that, but when you look at workers comp and property up 8%. So were getting rate, but the reserves. Were concerned about the quality of the reserves, you see in the fourth quarter, we added about $13 million to the reserve, so on a year-to-date basis we added about $195 million to the reserve. When you think about $195 million for the year and again you saw throughout the year, it wasn't a surprised in the fourth quarter. When you think about that, keep in mind what percentage that is of a $71 billion reserve. It's very infinitesimal, so we're very confident as we look at our reserves, were still and many of our products above the central estimate of the outside actuaries; we've got a lot of people focusing on our claims, our claims process and our reserve process. So, I dont know what more we can do other than give you another year to see that the reserves are in very good shape. Can we generate cash flow to do capital management? That was a big piece, along with the DTA. So that we have the tax cash flows as were in taxable income as well as the dividends and so on. As you can see in here, very strong in the fourth quarter; strong for the year. But the low interest rate environment, you know the equity markets, your franchises were damaged. Its tough to make money in the low-interest rate environment. If you look at our ability in SunAmerica they have performed very well. Remember it's not just the portfolio rate. It's what your crediting rates are, and there is going to be some pressure. But its not as dramatic as every once and then sales continue, not in the case as they were, because people still need to save their money. They cant just sit in cash. So look at our numbers, our flows, you can see we had net flows again up $673 million, very strong for the year. But the housing crisis; the housing crisis is going to drag you down. Youre in a mortgage business, look at the other primary insurers, you got a problem. We have told all of you over the last two years, we have redesigned the way we write business at United Guaranty. They have a multivariate model that is extremely successful. Were getting better than expected returns and in fact the ROEs on the new business for writings in the 20% range. So, while we have a housing crisis we see that pretty much behind us and youre going to see this business, which is now the leader of the industry continue to pull out with really good numbers as we move into 2012 and 13. And so the last but is, but the DTA. It says that you really are not confident about your future profitability, well we are. And the DTA constituent says we have a clear view now that we could use the tax benefits here within the timeframe thats allowed for them. In fact, we think it says that were well on our way to our aspirational goals, well on our way. And in fact as we get to 2015 and achieve those aspirational goals we think well probably use up [somewhere] around 65% of this DTA on the way. So, net to us is the fourth quarter is a clear demonstration that this company has not only survived, it's got its strength, its got its key people and were moving in the right direction and we're going to continue to build value for our clients, for our shareholders and have a great place for our employees to thrive in. So on that note let me turn it over to David Herzog who will take you through some of the numbers.
David L. Herzog: Thank you Bob and good morning everyone. This morning, I will go over some of the highlights over the quarter and then Peter and Jay will comment on specifically the results of Chartis and SunAmerica. And I'm going to build on Bob's themes that he set forth. And I would characterize the quarter as pivotal both for what did happen and for what did not happen. And what did happen as our core insurance businesses made $1.3 billion despite $467 million of cap losses. What did happen is SunAmerica had another solid quarter with strong sales, strong flows and driven by growing distribution. What did happen as Bob referenced is continued capital flows from our operating companies to our holding company for capital management which is a key pillar of our long term aspirational goals. And what did happen, as Bob mentioned is we completed our assessment of the DTA valuation allowance that we set out in our 10-Q's earlier in the year, where we concluded that it is more likely than not that we're going to realize a substantial portion of our DTA's, based principally on our return to sustainable profitability. And what did not happen is the need for significant Chartis loss reserve development charge. In fact loss reserve development for the year and for the quarter were benign. If you turn to slide five, you can see the increase in GAAP net income to $19.8 billion, which included $17.7 billion related to the reversal valuation allowance. Net income per share was $10.43, which included $9.34 per share from the valuation allowance. After-tax operating income, which is our principal non-GAAP measure was $0.82 per share versus a loss of about $16 a share a year ago that included the reserve strengthening. Importantly, our GAAP book value per share increased 18% to $55.33, reflecting the valuation allowance. And book value per share, excluding AOCI was $52.69. Also impacting book value in the first quarter of 2012, but to a far lesser extent in the valuation allowance is EITF 09-G. That's the new DAC standard. And in the 10-K we provide the GAAP after-tax impact to book value of 09-G and that's about $3.7 billion or about $1.95 per share, excluding AOCI and that will be recorded in the first quarter. The future earnings impact of 09-G are largely related to the direct marketing activities at Chartis. Moving to slide six, in core insurance operations Chartis pretax operating income was impacted as I mentioned by $467 million in cat losses including $368 million from the Thailand floods. This was a record cat year for Chartis totaling nearly $3.3 billion. Despite the cat losses for the year Chartis delivered $629 million in dividends to the Parent at the fourth quarter and $1.5 billion for the year. SunAmerica as I said had another strong quarter with pretax operating income of $931 million. SunAmerica's results included, little over $200 million from a favorable legal settlement, which was offset by little over $100 million from an IBNR reserve increase that Jay will comment on in a minute. For both Chartis and SunAmerica, alternative investment returns were weak for the quarter compared to a very strong fourth quarter a year ago. Total fourth quarter alternative investment income declined by little over $700 million from a year ago. Last year's fourth quarter alternative investment returns were roughly 14% on an annualized basis making for a tough comparison. For the full-year alternative investment returns were around 7% versus 9% in 2010. Looking ahead to the first quarter wed expect the returns to improve sequentially given the fourth quarter performance and the one quarter lag for our private equity investments. We continue to expect an approximate 10% annualized return over the long-term for the alternate investments. Moving toward non-core operations, ILFC reported fourth quarter results of $119 million profit versus last year's loss. ILFC is benefiting from managing its fleet aggressively. In the quarter we reported about $40 million of charges related to airline bankruptcies. As you know, we filed an S1 last September, which is consistent with our view that this is a non-core business. ILFCs book value was approximately $7.5 billion at the end of 2011. One thing I want to share with you is the impact on our book value as it might relate to an IPO or a sale of ILFC. It is possible that our book value could be negatively impacted. For example, if we monetize ILFC at its net book value our book value could declined by approximately $2.7 billion or $1.50 per share. Within corporate, we reported a $484 million gain due to the hybrid tender that Bob had referenced. Turning to slide seven, you can see the breakdown of our deferred tax assets for which we no longer hold a valuation allowance against with the exception of the life insurance capital loss carry forwards for which we hold an approximate $7.2 billion allowance. We are focused on strategies to capture a portion of the value of this asset, but were retaining the allowance against this for now. Going forward we continue to expect an effective tax rate of somewhere between 25% and 30% on our operating income. What is most important about the judgment we made with respect to releasing the valuation allowance is it signifies our view that we have returned to sustainable profitability. On slide eight, you can see the impact of fourth quarter and the full-year from our capital management activity. In the fourth quarter our capital management activities included ranging an additional $0.5 billion contingent capital facility and renewing a $4.5 billion credit facility. We also exchanged $2.4 billion in hybrid securities and began our share buyback program. We repurchased $70 million of our stock at an average price of $22.75. We expect to complete the $1 billion authorization in the foreseeable future. Capital management is a fundamental part of how we will run this company, and with our goal of maximizing investor returns. Slide nine highlights Parent company liquidity sources of $14 billion at year end. The full year of 2011, our insurance operating companies paid dividends and note repayments to the holding company of over $3 billion and we expect to reach $4 billion to $5 billion this year, supporting our ongoing capital management plans. And with that I'd like to turn it over to Peter for a discussion of Chartis.
Peter D. Hancock: Thank you, David. Good morning everybody. I've got a couple of Chartis slides in the earnings presentation but theyre just for your reference. So I'm going to focus on a few notable items from the quarter, and those include catastrophes, reinsurance strategy, reserves, geographic alignment, our growth plans especially in the direct marketing channel. So overall I was pretty pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter. Excluding catastrophes, actual business results are pretty strong as were some of our key performance indicators, reflecting progress in our strategic initiatives to improve profit, generate growth and better manage our risks. As David noted, this was a historic year for cat losses. And I must say I'm very proud of how our 11,000 claims professionals worldwide handled this, by working extremely hard to deliver excellent claim service to our customers. And we received a very good feedback on that from both customers and regulators. We continue to consider our claims organization to be really an important competitive advantage that separates us from the rest of the market. As I reflect on the level of catastrophe losses in 2011, I'm satisfied with how well our efforts to manage our risk appetite resulted in a level of losses inline with the industry if you benchmark it as a proportion of capital and that's Chartis's capital, not AIG's. The effective management of our catastrophe exposures also clearly recognized by the reinsurance market during our very successful Jan 1 renewal season. Today Chartis has a more efficient blueprint for its reinsurance strategy through a combination of managing our risk appetite, improvements to the structure of our catastrophe reinsurance program, and the issuance of $1.45 billion in multi-year cat bonds over the past two years. That reduces our reliance on traditional reinsurance. Underwriting results in the quarter included favorable [prior] year reserve development of $13 million and for the full year 2011 Chartis had insignificant net adverse prior year reserve development of $72 million. And our $68 billion in held reserves regularly reviewed by internal and third-party actuaries as part of an enhanced risk management framework. Similar to others in the industry we experienced increased frequency and severity related to the most recent accident years in primary workers comp. In environmental liability we saw increases from multi-year policies written in prior years. These were offset by improvements in excess casualty and executive liability products. Excess casualty, workers compensation, specialty workers compensation, and asbestos the four lines with the largest reserve increases in the fourth quarter of 2010 experienced overall net favorable development in the fourth quarter of 2011. Chartis continues to reduce our writings in these lines of business. They represented 5.1% of our net premiums in the fourth quarter, compared to 6.2% in the comparable period in 2010. Expense trends were consistent with the increase in higher value added consumer lines, which have higher acquisition cost but lower combined ratios, and from our strategic investments in systems and processes that yield greater expense savings and improve service and efficiency in the long run. We also expect an additional increase in our expense ratio in 2012 due to our growth in direct marketing. And I'll discuss that a bit more later. The fourth quarter premium trends are consistent with our emphasis on profitability and capital optimization. Our mix of business demonstrates Chartis' flexibility in deploying capital across businesses and geographies, targeting them where the greatest opportunity for profitable returns exist, given current market conditions and our long term strategic view. International business was 51% of our total net premiums in the quarter, an increase from 47% in the comparable period the year before. And on the consumer side it represented 43% of net premiums compared to 40% in the comparable period in 2010. So we're very proud of the leadership were demonstrating in the marketplace with respect to rates and terms and conditions. Rates in the U.S. and Canada region increased approximately 4%. Specifically workers compensation and property experienced the most notable increases, and they were needed at approximately 8% increase in both lines. We recently announced the alignment of our geographic operations within three principal regions, the Americas, Asia Pacific and EMEA. The new alignment promotes greater operational efficiency and allows us to utilize financial and human capital optimally. It also provides greater focus on strategic growth economy countries, such as China, India and Brazil among others that are vital to our growth plans. With respect to China specifically this has been a very good month for further improving our prospects in a truly extraordinary country. We've established a long term strategic relationship with China, highlighted by the fact that were the largest foreign owned insurer in China with more operating licenses and premium than any other insurer based outside the country. This past week, I visited with Vice President, Xi Jinping in Washington and thanked him for his commitment to open up mandatory third-party liability insurance for motor vehicles, to foreign invested insurance companies. Were also able to renew our longstanding relationship with the People's Insurance Company of China in which we hold a 9.9% equity stake. And third, we celebrated the opening of our new office in Jiangsu Province in China. This is our fifth license in China and the region includes 80 million people with a per capital GDP equivalent to that of a mid-sized European nation. Were well-positioned in China and we expect to broaden our relationship there including through direct marketing opportunities. Beyond China, were expecting a direct marketing strategy in approximately 50 countries. Were able to transfer our successful DM strategies in Japan, Korea and Israel to other parts of Asia-Pacific and elsewhere. Even with an increase in our expense ratio due to EITF-09G, which we expect to be a valid point on our combined ratio depending on our marketing costs, we believe that the DM related business offers very attractive risk-adjusted returns and were going to continue to grow that channel. Let me conclude by saying that I believe we're very much on pace to achieve our goals by year-end 2015. We also continue to measure and refine the risk-adjusted profitability of all our businesses and with directing capital and resources to optimize profitability where we see the opportunities. We still have work to do but our people and platform give me great confidence that were on the right track. So next Id like to hand over to Jay.
Jay S. Wintrob:  Thank you, Peter and good morning everybody. SunAmerica delivered a solid fourth quarter with improved year-over-year net flows, sales and base investment spreads. David mentioned the unusual items in the quarter. I just want to add that the IBNR reserve addition of $105 million this quarter reflected new information about the death claim verification procedures disclosed in recently announced settlements with other companies, including longer look back periods and that's what drove that increase. Taking a look at page 12, compared to last year SunAmerica's fourth quarter earnings were negatively impacted by lower alternative investment returns of approximately 1% in the quarter, versus last year's strong alternative investment returns of approximately 14% annualized as David mentioned earlier and to a lesser extent, call and tender income and the ML II fair value market. If you just look at those three items alone, the alternative investment change, lesser call and tender and the ML II mark that accounted for a $530 million decline in the prior year. Looking ahead to 2012, we would expect full-year investment returns to reflect the benefit of last year's cash deployment and base investment spreads to be relatively stable. Sales were strong across all of our product lines and total net flows as Bob mentioned were positive for the fourth consecutive quarter. We benefited from being reinstated on all distribution platforms and added to some new ones and surrenders remains relatively stable. Term life and private placement VUL sales delivered strong fourth quarter results leading to retail life sales growth of 9%, and total life sales growth of 24% from a year ago. With the sustained positive net flows continue to reflect our product diversity, sales of group retirement products increased nearly 27%, as our focus on individual rollover deposits continue to produce results. However, we do expect sales of individual rollover deposits to slow in the near term due to the low interest rate environment. Variable annuities held by stronger equity markets in the quarter also showed good momentum with fourth quarter sales up 24% year-over-year and this positive trend is continued into the first quarter of this year.
 : Also in the quarter our mutual fund sales continue to accelerate due to strong fund performance and success of recent product offerings. And while mutual funds are not our highest margin products their modest capital requirements allow them contribute to our returns. Fields of fixed annuities decelerated in the fourth quarter as expected given the very steep decline in treasury rates between the start of the third and fourth quarters. For example the base crediting rate on bank sold fixed annuities declined between 25 and 45 basis points depending on the product structure from the start of the third quarter to the end of the fourth quarter. And given the current interest rate environment with base crediting rates on new fixed annuities below 2% we would expect weak fixed annuities sales trends to continue. Despite that we'll continue to actively manage our product pricing, in particular new and renewal crediting rates. We will renew new money rates for fixed annuities weekly and have the flexibility to manage crediting rates on over half of our enforce fixed annuity and universal life enforce account values. On slide 13, we show the general improvement in base investment yields and base net investment spread throughout the year driven by a redeployment of cash and disciplined new and renewal crediting rate actions. In the fourth quarter, we saw some impact in base yield from lower interest rates and we would expect additional pressure into next year, all things equal with rates. On slide 14, we assume a continued low interest rate environment and the implications for operating earnings. Given our current new money rates, our disciplined approach to pricing and active managing of crediting rates, we would expect our pretax earnings to be impacted between really zero and about $10 million this year, solely from low rates, and between $65 million and $80 million next year due to the current low level of rates. While the macro environment does present challenges, weve not changed our view on statutory capital over the next two years, which remains strong, and we expect our product diversity and distribution breadth to provide continued growth opportunities at attractive returns. And with that I'll turn it back over to David to wrap this up.
David L. Herzog:  Thank you, Jay. And turning to slide 15, we consider United Guaranty part of our core insurance business and it continues to be an industry leader in the mortgage insurance market. The company led new business written in the industry, and in the fourth quarter we wrote over $7 billion of new insurance. United Guaranty's fourth quarter included a $42 million favorable reserve development. I'd like to highlight another sequential decline in delinquencies and the delinquency rate of just under 14% at 13.8%. Reserves remain steady with the reserve for delinquency of 27,000. I think more importantly I would note that we helped over 40,000 families stay in their home. And finally, we've also provided some additional disclosure on non-core assets in the appendix. Id like to highlight that as a result of the recent sales of Maiden Lane II securities in February that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, senior loan will be repaid in March and as a result AIG will begin receiving payments on our Maiden Lane II interest this year. Any proceeds in excess of our principal and interest will be allocated 56 to the Federal Reserve and 16 to AIG. All proceeds from Maiden Lane II for AIG will be used to repay any remaining balance in the AIA, SPV preferred interest. With respect to ML III payments continue to come in as expected and amounted to just over a $1 billion in the fourth quarter. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first question from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank Securities: Hey, good morning everyone. I wanted to first congratulate you on the disclosure on reserves. Its outstanding, it creates a lot more questions, but I think is what you guys need to be doing. Can you talk a little bit about the loss emergence trend, youve said in the 10-K that you use a shorter term development pattern to set the reserves for excess casualty. That sounds like a contradiction to me, so maybe you can flush that out. And can you talk a little bit about what's going on in environmental, so we can be confident it's not a recurring event but a one-time event?
Robert H. Benmosche: Hey Josh, its Rob Benmosche. Let me start with your question on excess casualty. You might want to rewind back to the fourth quarter of 2010. It was actually in the fourth quarter of 2010 that we shortened the period that we were looking at excess casualty trend. It actually resulted in us increasing our reserves in 2010. And that was us giving more reliance on the development that we had experienced in the more recent years, as it relates to business that have been written previously. And so, really were simply saying we stayed consistent with that time period that we shortened down in 2010. But it's just so happened at the more recent years are showing better results than they did just a year ago. The next point regarding environmental, I think, I want to highlight a couple of things. Theres two pieces of disclosure in the 10-K that I think people should be making sure they focus on. The first is, the difference between the inputs as best as an environmental and then the environmental line of business that we write. So with respect to that you might want to take a look at pages 93 and 102 of the 10-K, although I'm positive, I know that you have in particular, but I think some other people might benefit by taking a look at that disclosure. What I would note is that with respect to the disclosure we provide on page 93, we provide a discussion of the fact that we write environmental business through a profit centre referred to as the environmental profit centre that sits inside of our commercial business. You'd note that through the first nine months of the year we experienced some level of adverse development in the environmental book of business. Following that adverse development, we spent a lot of our fourth quarter conducting a ground-up study of the claims in environmental, and our fourth quarter adverse development is the result of a very focused effort to try to make sure that we were really getting at a claim-by-claim evaluation of that exposure. Historically, weve used more traditional actuarial methods. I think that this is an improvement on what we have been doing historically, because in the end the best way to get to this exposure is really on a case-by-case claims review in connection with the work that's being done by the actuaries. I also want to observe for you that this tends to be from accident years 2003 and prior and that most of that business was business written by this environmental profit center. It was written on a multiyear basis, and so were at this point in time dealing with those multiyear policies that were written 2003 and prior.
Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank Securities: And then the policy years '08 and '09 which evolved into accident years '09 and '10, a lot of your most sober critics say that theyre worried about the reserves there, and there was a little bit of reserve development on the unfavorable side for those years. Can we just go through those and then I'll disappear into the queue I guess.
Robert H. Benmosche: Yes, no problem Josh. I would say that consistent with what you're seeing from other participants in the marketplace, it's been more or so related to the workers compensation line of business. So it's not something broad-based across all of the businesses that we wrote in 2008, 2009, 2010, but in particular with respect to workers compensation, weve done we think a very good job of pushing rates in workers compensation and in managing our exposure on workers compensation. That book of business has continued to shrink and if it plays where we have conducted a lot of work regarding the structural drivers of loss to get our hands around what's actually causing the losses in the first place as well as using predictive modeling to help us do a better job with respect to risk section and we think we'll continue to get better with respect to all aspects of that as we move forward.
Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank Securities: Well, thank you. The details much appreciated.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs:  Hi, thank you. I just have got question Peter in Chartis, the expense ratio look like what the, I should say the combined ratio in commercial lines was a bit higher in the fourth quarter. It looks like, the expense ratio was a contributor there particularly within international. I was just trying to understand what happened there? If you could, thanks.
Robert H. Benmosche:  Sure. Mike, its Rob Benmosche. I'll comment on that.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Great.
Robert H. Benmosche: Let me start by making a couple of observations. First, as you know our international commercial business has a much heavier 1/1 renewal date. So, if you actually go back and look at the premium trend one thing you will observe is that the earned premium and the written premium relationship changes throughout the year. So, for example in the first quarter of the year our written premium outpaced earned premium for commercial international by $700 million. But, by the fourth quarter earned premium outpaced written premium. So, the exact opposite by $400 million, that actually causes a pretty significant change, a swing in our expense ratio and you'll notice that it's almost a 10 point swing in the expense ratio from the first quarter to the fourth quarter. Thats not unusual for us, that actually if you go back and take a look over time youll see that, that same type of relationship existed in the prior year. So, that's one point to make. The second thing Ill make observation regarding expenses is, international commercial is really the heartbeat of where a lot of our efforts are going with respect to some improvements that we're making with respect to our infrastructure. So we are in the process of a very large SAP implementation, probably the largest and most complex SAP implementation for a financial services company in the history of the world occurring in Europe as we speak. In addition to that we have Solvency II and a significant legal entity restructuring. So theres truly some additional expense there as well as typical seasonality. The last point that I'd make regarding the loss side of the house for International Commercial is that it's largely on the casualty side of the house, and we are continuing to use the same kinds of efforts with respect to International Commercial Casualty as we do with respect to the U.S. Commercial Casualty, which is focused really on predictive modeling, evaluating the structural drivers of losses and pushing for improvement in rate so that we can get the appropriate risk-adjusted profitability. So I think it's really the combination of those three items, focusing in particular on the expense ratio in the quarter.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Great. And so, were at 99.4 for Chartis overall on a full-year underlying combined. Thinking about 09-G, I'm guessing that's 50 basis points to 100 basis points on total Chartis. Thinking about the migration of the business towards consumer lines, some investments in technology, the better pricing that youve kind of talked about and any loss trends in '11, like how should we think about that basket of attributes? As we look at profitability from Chartis from here is it sort of a J, in terms of the profitability declining and then starting to pick up or how should we think about that?
Robert H. Benmosche: I'll reiterate the overall observation that Peter made, which is that we certainly believe we continue to be on pace for our 2015 goals. That will result in different, sort of dimensions to the solution. But first with respect to expenses, you can expect our expense ratio to improve more in 2013, 2014 as we complete some of our efforts with respect to the investments that I described for you just a moment ago in the international commercial business. And with respect to losses, I think you should continue to expect that we'll be making ongoing progress. And we're really focused heavily on using the tools and the technical pricing expertise that we are focused on heavily these days to make sure that they are a continual area of progress. I think what I would look at if I were you is I'd look at, are they making continual progress on the underlying loss ratio, understanding that we think we have very strong plans and a very determined view that we will achieve our expense goals by 2015.
David L. Herzog: Rob, I'd just add a little bit, just on the direct marketing, the pace of growth there. Our current course and speed would add about 0.8 to the combined ratio, but I would love to deliver you the news that the expense ratio impact would be twice that because we have the bandwidth to grow faster than that because the prospective ROE on that business is very, very attractive, well above our cost of capital. And so I think that we can demonstrate that through greater disclosures going forward if and when we accelerate the pace of our DM spend. But our current course and speed would be just under a point on the combine from the DM. But I think that our way of thinking about that business is economics, not accounting.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: And what would be the loss ratio on that same basis? What would be the loss ratio impact if you're getting 80 points of deterioration on the expense side, what's the offsetting impact on the loss side?
David L. Herzog: The combined ratio of that business is in the high 80s, depending on the country. So it's very attractive business. The issue is bandwidth and how much of it you can do how fast? And so, we are expanding in 50 countries, prioritizing about a dozen, and we have extensive experience in terms of persistency, cross-sell, and up-sell ratios from our experience in Japan, Korea and Israel over the last dozen years. So we have a good framework that applies in many countries. But I think that we can give you more disclosure on that going forward as we fine-tune the pace. But, right now our current pace of growth in that business would add about 0.8 to the expense ratio under the new EITF 09-G.
Robert H. Benmosche: I'd like to add that one of the things that I've said before and I want to repeat now is that we have not invested enough in technology to really do the predictive data mining and so on that we need to do. And so, we are going to continue to see that number flow through the expense ratio, and our issue here is to really position us well for the future. For example, we have 27 million claim records in our workers comp area that we never extensively studied. We are now working with Johns Hopkins University to really understand those claims, what they say, what they mean and how we use that as a standard for processing claims and understanding claims going forward. So we're investing heavily around this, so that you will continue to see the pattern of expenses from now and before continuing. But we did say, we would get to a $1 billion, say by the time we get to 2015 and we're on track to do that. But expenses are not a driver. What Peter talked about is having the right growth and the right risk-adjusted profitability of that growth, and being able to explain to you, if the numbers because if the accounting come out a little different than before, we'll make sure youre used to what that is. But this is about growing smartly and still leveraging technologies as we do it, which as Rob said is going to cost us some money and that's not our driver.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: All right, thank you all very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jay Cohen with BofA Merrill Lynch.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you. It's Ed Spehar and then I think Jay will have one question as well. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about why you weren't more aggressive with the share buyback in the fourth quarter? And sort of related question on capital generation, cash flow. The $4 billion to $5 billion of subsidiary dividends that you see, could you tell us just approximately how that would break down between Chartis and Sun, and again remind us about the uses of cash at the holding company? Thanks.
Robert H. Benmosche: Go ahead Brian.
Brian T. Schreiber: Sure. It's Brian Schreiber. How are you doing, Ed? On the first question about the share repurchase, keep in mind that the authorization was in November, so we had a very short window. We were also subject to volume limitations on how much we could participate in daily volume. And it was our intention to not be very heavy in the stock on low volume days. So that I hope answers that first question. In terms of the question on the uses of the parental liquidity, there are several. Obviously we won a variety of stress tests and try and maintain a level of parental liquidity sufficient to meet those stress tests. We also have a variety of obligations, short-term maturities as debt service that we have to meet, and we also have a plan to reduce contingent liquidity risk at the company and take down the level of repose and funding arrangements that could result in additional liquidity needs. So we keep adequate reserves for that and again make sure that we do have adequate resources for our planned and anticipated capital management activities.
Unidentified Company Representative: Ed, I guess your other part of the question is with respect to the 2012 dividends. About $2.5 billion to $4.5 billion might come from Chartis and we'd expect somewhere around $2 billion from SunAmerica.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay and can you talk about just numbers on uses of the holding company beyond the sort of contingent liquidity, just the normal uses of cash at the holding company?
Unidentified Company Representative: Debt service is roughly $400 million.
Edward Spehar  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Per quarter?
Unidentified Company Representative: Per quarter. Parental holding company expense is roughly $250 or so per quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay, I think Jay has a question.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Just really quickly on the commercial pricing, obviously good to hear that you're getting momentum in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about what you saw in January? I assume a fairly active January season on the commercial side. Can you talk at least qualitatively about the direction of pricing? Do they continue to accelerate?
Peter D. Hancock:  I think that the trend is certainly continuing. But perhaps John Doyle, you want to give a little bit more color on that?
John Q. Doyle:  Sure, Peter. Yeah, Jay, we saw no slowdown in the momentum in January. We continue to be encouraged by where retention stands relative to the prices weve been pushing. Rob mentioned, Europe 1/1 is a particularly big day for our business there and retention was certainly below expectation but rates were ahead of expectation, so we felt good about that. So there is decent momentum and were continuing to push and lead the way.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Great, good morning. Couple of quick questions, on your capital position, Bob you threw around a lot of numbers earlier. What would you estimate to be redeployable capital, and would an opportunity, say an equity offering be a viable situation where you could deploy it?
Unidentified Company Representative: There is a combination of what's available now, so something happens in the next two weeks is one availability. The other is, dealing with the sale of assets, recognizing we have the SPV here. It has to be paid down as a priority, so we are looking at that priority. So I would say that until such time as we clear up the balance remaining on the ALICO AIA SPV, there isn't a whole lot of cash based upon what we can do from sales and so on until that's done. So we're working through that constraint. Brian and his team have given a lot of thought to that. That's why we said we were looking forward to the IPO of ILFC, but the markets really are not welcoming right at this time, so were still seeing that as a delay till things improve in the airline industry as well as in the market. So I would say it's kind of limited in terms of what we really have in the short-term.
Unidentified Company Representative: As we explained where we were on the road for the equity offering last year, it was that the bulk of the initial capital management activities would be funded by the monetization of core assets and then the remaining portion through dividends from the operating companies. And again, we set an expectation that capital management wouldn't really start in earnest until 2013. I mean you're seeing evidence now that we are a bit ahead of plan. But again, it's the value of those non-core assets when they get monetized will provide the bulk of the resources for capital management.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Got it. And then just quickly, it's a nice opportunity there to get a gain on the debt extinguishment. Do you see any near-term opportunities there, maybe with some of the hybrid securities?
Unidentified Company Representative: At the current time we don't have any plans for additional hybrid exchanges.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Okay, and then just lastly, with regard to the international commercial operations, so you had an expense ratio in the fourth quarter of 40.1%. It was 43.4%, and it looks like in past years you were kind of low mid-30s. I think you mentioned 2013, 2014. Do we sort of see this elevated level of close to 40% through 2012? And then where should we expect it to come down to, low to mid-30s?
Robert H. Benmosche: Jay, it's Rob. On the international commercial, what I want to give you a flavor of is timing with respect to those expense initiatives. So we're doing a very significant legal entity restructuring in preparation for Solvency II. We expect the vast majority of that will be completed at the end of 2012, certainly by the beginning of 2013. We are in the process separately, we are in the process of implementing SAP as I described. We have a very significant roll-out of SAP occurring in the month of March. But we'll continue to roll that out across the rest of continental Europe through 2012 and all the way through 2013. So the timing for the backbone infrastructure work that we're doing will take us all the way through at least the end of 2013 before we start to see improvements in that area of the world.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: At which time we would probably see a significant drop-off in the expense ratio may be down to low mid-30s at that point?
Unidentified Company Representative: What ends up happening is, as you know we cant get the benefits until we actually put the technology in place. So we're doing both a complete change in our target operating model structure in Europe, taking our geographies in which we're doing a lot of our efforts down from 20 different places down to a handful of different places and that will create significant benefits, but were not going to get that until we actually can roll the technology out in 2013. So youre right, generally speaking youll start to see that and we hope it's, we plan for it to be pretty significant in 2014, 2015.
Andrew Kligerman  UBS: Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Dan Johnson at Citadel.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investments: Great, thank you very much. Most have already been asked and answered. So Ill just go with a clarification on the ILFC valuation. I think youve mentioned that there is book value differences that I think you said at book value sale for ILFC thats got a $2.7 billion difference, very simply this is linear that is end up selling ILFC for $1 billion less than their carrying book value that the $2.7 billion goes to $3.7 billion whereas something else we need to consider?
David L. Herzog: 
out of because you can,:
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investments: Yeah, understood. And then maybe just for Peter I have a broad question just to given that you've got almost 20% of those business in traditional Europe would love just to hear some comments of what you folks are seeing on the ground in terms of how the economic conditions there impacting the business currently and talk on how it might impact it? And it also remains us for the rest of the year? And thank you very much.
Peter D. Hancock: All right, I think that in the short-term the uncertainty in the Eurozone is helping us. Some of our competitors' especially local competitors have experienced significant down grades in their credit-rating while we've had stable to stronger credit outlook. And so it's a bit of fly to quality to us. I take small joy in that even though there is some short-term gains from that growth because I think it's a symptom of a longer-term deeper malaise in the European economy and that can't be good in terms of ultimate demand. So, short-term share gains and I'd see even (inaudible) where we have seen a pickup in our volume at very attractive rate. It's to me a symptom of fly to quality. But I do, I'm concerned about the long-term growth rate in Europe and as things stabilize. But there is, I think some light at the end of that tunnel, I'm pleased by the results from last two weeks in terms of policy at the macro level. But, it's an important part of our commercial franchise, I think that like the U.S. market its mature, we need to choose our shots, we need to manage the cycles well, keep our eye on the expenses, so that we don't feel we have to write that business to cover our fixed costs, and we need to use our capital sparingly and targeted at the more attractive growth economies.
Daniel Johnson  Citadel Investments: Understood, great. Thank you, very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Stirling with Sanford Bernstein.
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: 
.: And then also, if you could just walk us through technically how we should think about that DTA, the new valuation allowance playing through into capital under various measures. That I think would be a big help as we do our modeling in the future.
David L. Herzog:  Okay, Josh, its David, Ill take the last question first on the DTA ahead of think about. As Bob mentioned, as we think about between now and 2015 we'll use about two-thirds of the total NOLs or the FTCs in combination. In those cash flows will actually come to the parent company by way of tax sharing arrangements or treaties that have been in placed for a very long period of time. So those cash flows will ultimately flow to the holding company will be a part of the parent company cash flow. As you think about the cash that will come, it's the dividends, the after-tax dividends from the operating companies, which we've talked a lot about, the tax sharing payments that will come through the tax sharing treaties. And as Brian mentioned the monetization of the non-core assets and we've laid some things out in the appendix pages 17 to 19 and [that] you can give a pretty good sense of what those cash flows might ultimately be. And it's the combination of all of the above, it gives us the confidence and why were committed to our long-term aspirational goals. It gives us the funding that we need. And also the capital resources to fund the business growth as Peter and Jay have talked about. So thats maybe the last part of your comments. I think and others can certainly time in with respect to the capital hurdles. There really arent any new constraints that we are coming across. I think we've laid those out fairly clearly. Bob talked about the capital requirements with respect to perhaps fed oversight, but again there are other things with respect to the rating agencies, all ratings are very important we place a very high degree of importance on that that's an important consideration. So its the coverage ratios and the leverage ratios are not any different for us than they are for any other similarly rated company. So for a single A company, I think the coverage ratio is in the five to eight times range. Or again, they are no different for us than they are for others. And leverage ratio, again I think this ties back to comments Bob made. Leverage ratios, we've got plenty of headroom. Again, when we did the recap we called over (inaudible) for capital and that's not a constraint, although its a consideration and were mindful of that over time. So hopefully that's helpful to you.
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: Great, great. And so if I take from all this that that sort of interior you guys can forward some substantial capital excess in the future, but at the moment combination of liquidity and things sort of makes it a much more modest number.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think maybe just to cover again, I would say we are and remain committed to our long term aspirational goals as we laid out for the world on our recent offering last year. So again, I think the pacing that will be driven by, again the framework that I laid out, but as well as monetizaion, importantly monetization of non-core assets and how that plays into considerations of our fed readiness and where and when we become, if we become regulated by the Federal Reserve.
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: Now I think that all makes sense. Of course we just on the business are trying to figure out the timing of all that. And just a follow-up question. And related to I think Brians comment about sort of the slow pace of share repurchases, I mean obviously slow to consideration. In order to make all these repurchases at any meaningful level, presumably you'd have to be negotiating with the government. I'm wondering if you can give us a sense of what, to the extent that they have shared any vision, any view on sort of how they think about exiting the remainder of the [position] and obviously thats a huge concern or opportunity for investors today.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, that's a question you probably have to address to the U.S. Treasury. We're focused on operating the business and don't engage in discussions about that. So really, what I can say?
Josh Stirling  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: You may take one more question.
Elizabeth Werner:  Operator, this would be our last question.
Operator: Okay, we'll take our last question from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Hi, guys thanks for squeezing me in. Just wanted to clarify one quick thing. It's pretty much everything I needed, but just the ROE aspirational goal of '10 and '015, which book value do I use for that? Is it the 55, and grow that forward or is it some other book value I should be using? I'm trying to tie it to an earnings number.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, we assume that aspirational goal that the DTA was not part of that calculus.
Gregory Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay, so can you just do the math for me? So what should I be doing to the 55 bucks? Should I take it to something different?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, it's a good question. We announced why we put it in the financial supplement, both with and without. So we've done the math for you. Without, for the quarter we were 7.2, with, 6.9 I believe is the number that's in the financial supplement.
Elizabeth Werner:  It's on the page five.
Unidentified Company Representative: Page five of the financial supplement.
Gregory Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Yeah, okay. Great, thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you.
Operator: Bob, I will open up to you for any closing remarks.
Robert H. Benmosche: I just want to say that this is another quarter and we got more to go and I think what you see here is, the foundation is extremely strong. The company is extremely strong. Our clients have been with us all the way through it and are very confident in us. And so look forward to talking to you at the end of the first quarter. Thank you all very much.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you, for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Werner  Head, Investor Relations Bob Benmosche  Chief Executive Officer David Herzog  Chief Financial Officer Jay Wintrob  EVP, SunAmerica Financial Group Peter Hancock  EVP, Finance, Risk and Investments Brian Schreiber  EVP, Treasury and Capital Markets, Treasurer John Doyle  SVP, Domestic General Insurance and President and CEO, National Union
Analysts: Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ed Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs
Operator: Please standby, were about to begin. Good day. And welcome to American International Groups Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Liz Werner: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that todays presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include factors described in our 2010 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs under Managements Discussion and Analysis under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Todays presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures similar to comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIGs website. With that, lets begin our call today and Im going to turn over to Bob Benmosche, our CEO.
Bob Benmosche: Hey. Thanks, Liz. You know, for our company were operating as if the Federal Reserve will be our regulator. We dont know what will happen but its important we operate as if the Federal will be our regulator. As part of that we have to do stress testing and so we constantly look at our company what the issues are and we said, what would happen  what would happen if the equity markets fell apart, what would happen if significantly on the S&P, what would happen if this spreads blew out, serious issues in the fixed income markets especially -- especially mortgages and then we said, what would happen if currency has started to create issues for us and throw on top of that a big hurricane maybe in the Northeast and what would have happened if you have some typhoons running around Asia. And so thats we did our stress test we updated all the time and we had the opportunity in the third quarter to see what happens when our stress test becomes somewhat of a reality. And so there is a question about AIG, our strength and how we would handle that kind of perfect storm which is what we just come through and I can assure you that we are in very good shape, our liquidity now is sitting at $15.3 billion, up from the last quarter. And big concern we have gotten during the road show and for many of you over time is whats going to happen to FP RemainCo and the assets, I should say, not RemainCo what would happen under these scenarios and clearly, our collateral calls were basically flat. There was no issue whatsoever in terms of cash demand. So, we are in pretty good shape. So, lets talk about the $4.8 billion of non-cash losses of three items. Im going to start with Maiden Lane III. Maiden Lane III, we down $1 billion but the cash flows continue to be strong. So this is just the anomalies of the market at this point in time. Keep in mind, weve gone from $45 billion in the beginning, the fed balance is down to $18 billion. Its paying down cash flows of about $5 plus billion a year for Maiden Lane III and Maiden Lane II combined. This is Maiden Lane II and III combined in these numbers. And so, we see 2014 still as a year in which AIG will begin to receive back a $6 billion investment before we begin to put the upside with the fed after that period of time. So, Maiden Lane III does cause some noise in the numbers, no question, but economically we see that is continuing to be strong. Also AIA we took at $2.3 billion drop in the book -- in the carrying value of AIA marking it to market and keep in mind, as it relates to AIA, the SPV that we have from the AIA ALICO, SPV is now down to $8.3 billion. The collateral against the $8.3 billion is Maiden Lane III, ILFC and AIA. We also have about $1.5 billion in cash sitting in the SPV from the sale of ALICO to MetLife and that cash again will come out of escrow over the next year, another $1 billion I believe and the rest of it in 2013 leaves a $6.8 billion left on the SPV. We are taking our time to look at that $6.8 billion and we are deciding what is the best way to handle paying that down, such that we maximize value for the AIG shareholders. So, whether is to sell AIA now or later, whether is to wait for the IPO of ILFC, if it works out in the markets in the future and as you know, ILFC is not core. Were looking to monetize that at the right time for the right values. So we are going to take our time. And I guess thats the only way I want to continually stress that time to make sure that were maximizing value for the AIG shareholders. When it comes to ILFC, again a $1.5 was taken as part of our normal routine to look at whats happening in the manufacturing space, some new announces were made on new aircraft. That puts pressure on some of our older plains and as part of our annual review weve decided to take a charge of about $1.5 billion to deal with that issue within the legacy aircraft which weve been talking to you about thats the problem we need to resolve and work on and we know its drag but I think this resolves a good part of that drag. So, let me come to capital management really quickly. You saw we raised $2 billion in the quarter and thats really to make sure that our debt maturities are matching to what it is we have in terms of cash on hand. So, that deals with the some future payments were going to have to make. You also saw from the capital management point of view that were going to be buying back shares. Let me be very clear that until we were able to do the re-IPO of the company, we could not do any share repurchase while we had Schedule G here at the company. Being able to launch the re-IPO to be able to terminate Schedule G and close that out had allowed us to begin to think about how do we want to handle capital management going forward. Our priority and its important that you understand our priority is to be able to work with the U.S. Treasury so that we can continue to be buying back shares from their shares which represents overhang on the stock. That is our priority. On the other hand, if we see in the marketplace that there are certain anomalies with our stock and we feel its an opportunity to take advantage what the market has done then the Board of Directors has approved a $1 billion share repurchase, so that in these markets if we choose to go out and buy in the open market were able to do that and take advantage of where the markets are today. That doesnt change our priority. Our priority is still to begin to think about capital management in the context of the U.S. Treasury shares and what we can do to facilitate taking that overhang off the table. So, as we think about our results for the quarter, Dave is going to bring you up today and I just want to make a few comments that clearly if you look at whats happening after that $4.8 billion. Clearly, we had some storms hit us in the quarter, but Chartis is continuing to make great progress. Theyre continuing to focus on how we get a better return for the risk were taking and making sure that our combined ratios start to come down as we promised in terms of our aspirational goals. They are making very good progress on that. SunAmerica continues to do well. They are continuing to see client retention strong, sales continued to be strong and keep in mind, were down somewhat which would expect with this low interest rate environment in our fixed annuity business but still strong. UGC continues to perform well on new business. We got that under control. However, there is still going to be a little pressure yet as we work out some of the legacy book and some of the legacy issues and foreclosures and so on. And last but not least, ILFC continues to do well on operating basis. We did be able to write down, but they are continuing to get pretty good releasing of the plans that we have available. So, Id rather wait to some of your questions to rather get into any more detail, but let me turn it over to David on what the stuff  the issues are specifically in the numbers.
David Herzog: Great, Bob. Thanks and good morning, everyone. Lets turn to slide seven and will step through the slides and make sure we have plenty of time for Q&A. Third quarter loss as Bob said is $4.1 billion that compares to a loss of $2.5 billion a year ago in our operating income, which is our principal non-GAAP measure was a loss of $3 billion for the quarter versus $114 million a year ago. Slide eight is highlights of what Bob really covered with the AIA share price decline, the ILFC impairments, the spread widening in the some lower interest rates, the lower liable rate drove some of the loss on ML III and obviously cap losses, so we will move fast, as I think Bob covered that. On slide nine is the ILFC impairment highlight and again we conduct this review annually. We typically do that in the third quarter and much like we did in the fourth quarter we were  we management judgments were informed by current market event. So the as a result of the review we determined that 95 aircraft were impaired from an accounting standpoint and we took a non-cash charge of a$1.5 billion. So, again, the  there were number of economic events, aircraft technology announcements, then you have seen credit counter-party issues and other announcements that informed our judgment. Turning to slide 10, for our consolidated performance, Chartis reported pre-tax operating income of $442 million affected by cap losses of little over $570 million in large part due from Hurricane Irene, which totaled little over $370 million for the quarter, as well as Tropical Storm Lee and Typhoons in Japan. Interestingly that compares to an unusually low level of caps a year ago which was about $72 million. Turning to SunAmerica, which posted a $444 million of operating income for the third quarter. The results include the $43 million mark-to-model, mark-to-fair value for our Maiden Lane II, investment again due largely to spread widening and the underlying non-agency RMBS securities. The third quarter of 2010, actually had income from Maiden Lane II of a $156 million, so you can see the dramatic swing that that had. So and also due to the decline in equity markets we increased our provision for guaranteed minimum debt benefits in our variable annuity business and we had higher DAC amortization as a result there as well, though together they were a little over $180 million for the quarter. The equity market performance in the third quarter of 2010 was actually quite strong and as a result we had positive effects on operating income of about $100 million from our variable annuity business last year, so again fairly dramatic swing. As Bob mentioned, United Guaranty, our mortgage guaranty business reported an operating loss of $96 million versus a loss of $124 million same quarter a year ago. Overall financial results for United Guaranty were unfavorably affected by continued weakness in the U.S. housing market, as well as the sustained high unemployment rates. Increased delinquencies in the severity of loss cost on some of the older vintages was only partially offset by recessions. In addition, this third quarter overturns of previously declined a rescinded claims continued at a somewhat elevated rate. Our other reporting unit reported a loss of $1.5 billion versus income of little over $400 million a year ago due in large parts of mark-to-model loss of roughly $1 billion on Maiden Lane III and also too much lesser extent the wind down AIG FP portfolio. Again cash flows on Maiden Lane III remain quite strong. Global markets or global capital markets had a loss of $174 million, primarily from credit valuation losses or what we call CVA, on counter-party derivative balances and interest rate hedges. The super senior credit derivative portfolio was stood wider credit spreads and was flat essentially for the quarter. At the end of the third quarter we had about $26 billion worth of notional in the CDS portfolio, of which $20 billion is  does not require active trading management. The remaining multi-sector book is down to about $5.7 billion notional for which we hold a GAAP liability of roughly $3.1 billion, most of which weve already posted collateral against. We continue to believe that the actual settlements under these contracts will be less than the GAAP liability and the collateral postings we have, thus giving rise to intrinsic gains. Also during the third-party  during the third quarter, AIG and counter-party spreads widen substantially and those have requisite effects on the mark-to-market, mark-to-model instruments we have in the derivative portfolio. Our direct investment book had earnings of $119 million, the increase in that from year ago was driven by net increases in the value of the formally AIG FP asset book. And finally, weve talked about the AIA mark-to-market, which has already recovered somewhat in the fourth quarter thus far. Turning to page 11, which shows our after tax operating income reconciliation, the only comment I make is with respect to taxes, we apply a pro forma tax rate to our operating income or operating loss for the quarter. We show the benefit in operating in this case the benefit in the operating loss and we essentially reverse that out for the reconciliation to GAAP net income. On page 12, there is our capital structure. Our leverage is currently in the low end of our longer term range and we still assume a 20% to 25% debt-to-total capital in our aspirational goals. And we continue to actively manage our capital structure and cost to capital most recently. We issued debt to refinance some of our national investment program notes and well launch an exchange offer for a portion of our hybrid securities. Turning to page 14 for a word or two on Chartis. The financial results of Chartis are now reported in accordance with the recent reorganization in the global commercial and global consumer businesses. Progress continues to be made toward improving our risk-adjusted profitability and changing the mix of our business. Some highlights are as follows, net premiums were up about just shy of 1% from a year ago and excluding the impact of foreign exchange and restructured loss sensitive programs and exiting selected workers compensation business, net premiums were flat for the quarter. Adverse prior year development was a benign $55 million after considering related additional loss sensitive premiums. We review a portion of the reserves each quarter throughout the year and importantly the accident year loss ratio was $68.4 versus $67 and -- $67.7 in the second quarter and $68.5 a year ago. The expense ratio was 30.8%, up from 28.2% a year ago. Last years quarter included the benefits of negative VOBA amortization related to the acquisition of Fuji Fire & Marine. Fuji DAC amortization this year is higher from new deferrals since the time of acquisition. Excluding FX and the DAC expenses was the  ratio was up about 1%. Chartis premiums are on page 15. Chartis continues to execute on its strategy to grow higher margin, less capital intensive business and implementing corrective actions on underperforming business lines. Excluding FX, consumer insurance premiums were down about 1% driven by personal lines, which was a management action to deal with a certain unprofitable warranty program. We see the results of our focus on the growth in higher margins lines. Turning to commercial insurance premiums, excluding FX were down about 2% driven by again a focus on capital management and continued discipline in certain challenging markets. I think its important to note that in U.S. commercial line were seeing rate increase overall about 4.1% on renewal business with rate increases led by over 8% in our property line. The trend is accelerating from prior periods. Our international business is now about 50% of our net premiums and thats up from about 45% a year ago. Chartis investment results were on slide 16. Net investment income for Chartis was a $1 billion in 2011, basically flat from a year ago. Chartis continue to reduce its muni bond portfolio, which is now 27% of its invested assets and thats down from over 35% a year ago. Turning to SunAmerica on page 18. SunAmericas operating income was $444 million for the quarter versus $1 billion a year ago. The decline in operating income reflects much of the market volatility that we talked about with respect to ML II, some partnership investments, as well as the higher guarantee minimum debt benefits, DAC amortization in our VALIC business. Premium deposits and other considerations totaled $5.7 billion for the quarter thats up nearly 30% over a year ago, net flows were positive for the third quarter, third consecutive quarter, its just shy of $550 million and its interesting to note that year-to-date is positive $2.1 billion versus -- year-to-date versus negative $1.6 billion a year ago year-to-date. SunAmericas business remains diverse strong good momentum in sales, deposits and good strong customer retention. Previous deposits, other considerations are on page 19 and I commented on [PDLC] overall. Life sales I would comment were up 14% driven by strong retail life sales. Lets turn to slide 20 for SunAmericas investment income. Investment income was $2.3 billion down a little over $350 million from a year ago, as I mentioned ML II affected this quarter by negative $43 million, due mainly due to spread widening. Partnership income was muted this quarter due to private equity in hedge fund investments, which would remind everybody our report one quarter lag. There was also $97 million impairment on equity method investments and trusts that hold leased commercial aircraft, the same factors that gave rise to the ILFC impairment affected these aircraft as well. Excluding ML II and partnership, and impairments the investment income was essentially flat. Importantly, weve redeployed the excess cash we had coming into the year and you can see that in our  in our base yields that are set forth in the financial supplement. Page 21 has some information about the SunAmericas spreads, base spreads excluding the impact of partnerships and other enhancements increased again as we redeployed the excess cash from the beginning of the year. Looking ahead, if we continue to take capital gains to realize the economic value of our substantial capital loss carry-forwards, again I would just remind everybody that the spreads themselves, the reported spreads could come under some pressure. Now for a few words on our income taxes on page 23. Thats more fully described in our third quarter 10-Q. We apply a framework for establishing the valuation allowance, among other factors AIG has emerged from its recent cumulative loss and now we need to demonstrate a level of sustained profitability. At the end of the second quarter, we described that framework for evaluating the reversal of a substantial portion of that valuation allowance as early as the fourth quarter of this year. If the framework is met, the valuation allowance for our net operating loss carry-forward to non-life capital loss carry-forward in the foreign tax credits could be released again as early as the fourth quarter. If the framework isnt met, obviously, the release would be delayed. Realized capital gain -- realized capital loss, Im sorry, carry-forward remains more challenging to us as weve talked about in the past and that portion of valuation allowance will be released as the carry-forwards are realized. We still expect an effective tax rate of roughly 25% to 30% for the rest of the year on our operating income driven by our substantial investment in tax free muni bonds. So from time-to-time other discrete items will affect that rate as well. Just a couple of other comments then before we turn it over to Q&A, a word or two about the new accounting standard on DAC which is going to be adopted January 1, 2012. We will adopt the standard and there are specific categories of acquisition costs that are no longer deferrable under the new standard and if we adopt the standard retro-respectively this will be  this will reduce our DAC balance by approximately one-thirds. So thats about $4.5 to $5 billion and itll reduce our GAAP shareholders equity by about 3%. But they will have no effect at all on our statutory surplus. Also during the quarter the parent company received dividends, distribution and other inter-company payments from the operating companies of about $1.6 billion bringing the year-to-date total to $2.5 billion, thats consistent with our capital management goals and aspirations, and so that remains on track. Again, looking ahead we would expect some continued choppiness in the equity markets with respect to partnership incomes and we will in fact have some losses on the Thailand floods, but were not prepared to quantify that at this time. Lastly, we remain committed to our long-term aspirational goals that we set forth in our first quarter 10-Q. Bob, now back to you.
Bob Benmosche: Okay. Liz?
Liz Werner: Yeah. At this time, Operator, wed like to open the call up for any questions.
Operator: Yes. Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question will come from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. A couple of questions, I guess, first on the share repurchase that you mentioned the priority is to buyback from the treasury. It seems it is a situation where they didnt want to sell below a certain price. Is it possible they might sell to you below that price versus selling to the public or should we just assume that until the price gets up $27, $28, that you wont be buyback from them?
Bob Benmosche: I cant speak for the U.S. Treasury. I can only say that if they want to sell it to us below that price, wed be happy to buy it, but I think they have their view of what the company is and what the company will be. Their goal and our goal is to make sure that the American tax payer gets back all their money plus a profit and thats their goal as well. So I think thats clearly up to them. There is no  the advantage you have, people say, with the U.S. Treasury is not a problem and as far as were concerned they have allowed us to run the company, the way we need to run the company. They are very effective shareholder for us and the goal is to sell where they can get a profit for the American tax payer. They are not trying to time the market. They just wanted to make sure that they get out with the profit and time is not of the essence for the U.S. Treasury. They just want to achieve that goal. So, I think, if they chose to sell less than that, they could but thats not what their interest is.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I have Ed Spehar too, he is going to ask a question.
Ed Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Just a couple of quick ones. Could you give us some sense of what you think the free cash flow is for both Chartis and SunAmerica and a kind of normalized sort of basis? And then just a couple of questions on topline, the VALIC deposits were very strong this quarter and you mentioned rollovers. Is that a, is that something that is sustainable and if so why? And then on the Western National, was the weakness in sales because others didnt lower crediting rates as fast as you did or is it just that youre not interested in putting on a lot of fixed business when rates are at such very low levels considering the risk of short lapses if rates start to go up?
Bob Benmosche: Okay. Ill have David start and then I think when it comes to VALIC and in terms of the ongoing rollover programs, so its not a one-time thing, but Jay can talk about the ongoing rollover program that hed been successful at and also the pricing strategy within Western that deals with making sure that we have the right combination of commissions and price, and thats really up for the bank and how they want to deal with that in this low rate environment. So, Ill let Jay handle those two but David, why dont you want to start?
David Herzog: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Ed. The  I would first start by saying we are reaffirming the capital flow in our long-term aspirational goal, so while the markets are somewhat volatile, again we were  our expectations are that those dividend flows and capital flows from the operating companies to the holding company, we would reaffirm those expectations. We had in the quarter about $1.6 billion overall of flows and again the flows come in a number of different shapes and sizes in terms of outright dividends. We have some surplus notes between the holding company and some of the operating companies in SunAmerica and so we are paying interest plus principal on that. We got the tax payments, so while we are not going to quantify a court free cash flow I would just say that our risk base capital levels remain very strong and the earnings of the operating companies continue to be strong and therefore the dividend flows are in line with our previously discussed expectations. Again, we got about $1.6 billion this quarter and again, thats  itll bounce around a little bit but that gives you  it wont be  you cant take that and annualize it. But, again, I would point you back to our longer term aspirational goals that we set out.
Bob Benmosche: Jay, you want to pick up the other two.
Jay Wintrob: Yes. Good morning. On the VALIC question, Ed. We did a very strong quarter on the individual rollovers, I think that will continue the exact numbers and such obviously cant predict. I think the reasons for that are probably threefold, weve had an increased emphasis on focusing on rollover sales for sometime in our recruitment of financial advisors, our focus on doing more financial plans for prospective customers. Secondly, we have rolled out a series of new products more focused on that market something we called PD advantage which is for people rolling over from our core portfolio director product at the end of their service. Weve added a new contemporary guaranteed living benefit writer called IncomeLOCK Plus thats available for non-flowing customers. And then finally, we also rolled out a new variable annuity for the rollover market we call Equity Director those have all been picking up momentum and share starting this quarter. And then the last thing I would say is, in addition to our core VALIC field of financial advisors we do have a growing independent distribution organization that is licensed with VALIC and of large part of their sales have been focused on the rollover market. So, I think that youll see continued progress here and continues to be a point of emphasis in VALIC. In western, see the reasons for the decline sequentially in fixed annuity sales and I think we still had an increased year-over-year kind of three different reasons for there. First on the positive front, we are now back in Wells Fargo, which had historically been our largest distributor that just came online in June. Were also back in SunTrust that just came online in August. So, we continue to get reinstatements and well be building back our presence in those organizations in the quarters to come, but in the last quarter with the absolute level of interest rates declining that was a meaningful contributor to our reduction in sales sequentially. We did see a few new competitors come in to our market. Weve seen that over the years, thats fine, didnt want to compete in a couple of cases. The fact is we got, I think something like 21 proprietary arrangements now going through our banks where we are trading off crediting rate to the customer for lower commissions. So, we feel like we are very well positioned. And the last thing Id say is that in the last quarter the second quarter we hit our highest market share of the fixed annuities through banks that we have ever hit, I think north of 40% as recorded by [Kehrer] or Limra. And Im expecting this quarter we will be back in what is our more typical market share which just not will meet target but just where we end up probably somewhere between 25% and 30% of the market and still far away the largest. So, those would be three reasons for the sequential change in Western National and our fixed annuities sales through banks.
Ed Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Jay, just one quick follow-up. Do you worry at all even if you are getting your spread today, do you worry at all about the risk of writing business with rates this low and kind of shock lapses if rates start to go up at some point?
Jay Wintrob: We do worry about that. We worry about in all environments and our -- the major litigant there is very careful matching of our assets and liabilities. Our pricing is very disciplined, our guaranteed minimum rates are down to 1% on all products, it have been for some time. The yield curve is still reasonably steep, so were still able to price and get reasonable spreads, but the main thing will be the continued matching of our asset and liability durations, not only initially at purchase, but monitoring that very closely on a regular basis. But, yes, we worry about that in the sense that we got constantly match those duration?
Bob Benmosche: And keep in mind that what you have here and the way they have designed the product in many cases has been trade off of communication to raid and so when you look at disinter-mediation is what you got left, you havent amortize that we have looked to amortize then the shock laps are on as own risk, as you might have on what traditional fixed annuity commission product so its -- theres lot of contributing factors to make this were watching it and Jay is watching it very carefully, but its not as Barry you might think, if you think just normal fixed annuities.
Ed Spehar  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. And next we will hear from Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Good morning. I had a few questions the first one for Bob. You mentioned that you would be opened -- or you would preferred to buy stock back from the treasury, but also would consider buying and if -- in the open market if the treasury is one. So may be if you could give us some sense of the timing of completion of your share repurchase plan that end you mentioned ILFC was non-core, wondering if you can share thats what your talks are as it relates to AIA? And then finally for Peter on -- in the P&C business just talk a little bit more about pricing you mentioned commercial property lines getting little better, but may be more details on the causality side and personal lines and related to that frequencies towards to end the Chartis, obviously results were affected by high cat losses this quarter, but if you look at the combined ratio ex-cats and development, its still been up from third quarter last year from the second quarter this year. So whats youre seeing there and your comfort level with your long-term combined ratio?
David Herzog: Let me start with the timing of the buyback. Were going to, weve got the authorization and the team will take a look at what the opportunities are and well begin to do it what we think makes the more sense based upon where the markets are. I dont have a goal to say were going to be done in a month, two months or three months. Were just going to be prudent and see what makes the more sense. So I dont want to give you that answer when its over. As far as ILFC not being core of about AIA, AIA is -- this is the third interest in Asia and the question becomes looking at the value of that position over time and where the markets are and what the opportunity we would have, if were to monetize that and sell it, the question is what would we do with the cash. And obviously youd say how about buying back AIG shares, well look at that as one of the capital management opportunities. There could be others. But whatever we do wed take a look at what the market says that property is worth and what else we could with the money that would give us the better return over time and thats, its just a consideration we have to make as we go forward. Right now, were going to stand pat from what we see, but that doesnt mean that wont change over time. And so, I would then turn it over to -- I think that covered my piece of it and turn it over to Peter and go with that Peter, if you will.
Peter Hancock: Yeah. So, Jimmy in terms of pricing, I think we are seeing some hardening as David already mentioned both in the property and in the causality space. He mentioned specifically overall in the U.S. over 4% year-on-year rate increase. And this is a trend that really started for us, as early as the first quarter of this year and its just a progression of year-on-year rate increase since then. So, I think that were leading the industry by about a quarter in terms of rate and on the property side, on the causality side our workers comp year-on-year in the quarter is up about 6.3% and again thats a trend that actually was initiated earlier then the property and really as early as early middle of last year. So, we feel good about the pricing trends and on the U.S. side. On the international and on the commercial, consumer lines the news really is Japan, which is the vast bulk of our consumer business and the fact that since the beginning of this year we got a relief from the regulatory block on incremental rate increases that have been existence for three years until January this year. I think it was not just us, its across the whole industry. And so each quarter weve seen incremental pricing improvement in Japan, which we expect to continue and has been matched with increased flows as well. So we feel good about trends in Japan, although obviously somewhat distorted by events in the first quarter and both in terms of losses from the tsunami and the earthquake, but also the disruption to new business flows in the second quarter. But rate and demand in Japan is looking good.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: And just your views on your, like margins?
Peter Hancock: Sorry, yes. Your point on the combined, as we laid out in the road show last years combined on an accident year basis 103.6. We set out a target to get that number to 90 to 95 by 2015. Thats a roughly two point improvement per annum and if you look at the projection for this year on a normalized basis, normalizing out the extraordinary CATS, we are right on track for that two point per annum improvement in accident year combined, though were feeling very good about our long-term aspirational plans on improving the combined.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Okay. And lastly, does the loss in the third quarter, heard your ability to reduce the valuation loans against the DTA or could you just still do it if the earnings bounce back in the fourth quarter?
David Herzog: Jimmy, its David. The -- we had -- you point to what happened in the third quarter, its a factor, but there is still very real possibility that if we -- that we can hit framework and that we can still release the allowance in the fourth quarter again. That will be determined by the performance of the company, one of the critical factors was the falling way of the three-year cumulative loss thats done. And well just evaluate the specs and circumstances in the fourth quarter, particularly as they relate or solely as they relate to the U.S. member taxable income for the U.S. member company, so again I think there is still a possibility -- very real possibility of that happening in the fourth quarter.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Thank you.
Peter Hancock: But, its very complex. There is a lot of judgment and we want to make sure that everybody who oversees these kinds of activities is regulating entities, all understand what they are, its not simply saying well, but looks like were going to be profitable in future, lets just do it. There is a lot of rules and regulations about how this works and a lot of complexity and lot of judgment and so, its not quite so simple to generalize what it means and were going through all of those steps very carefully to make sure that what we do is were not in a hurry. We just wanted to make sure when we do it, we want to make sure its right and its got to be very clearly right and something thats very great.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: And obviously what you do on the balance sheet doesnt affect the economics of how you use it, right?
Peter Hancock: Thats correct.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will now hear from Thomas Gallagher with Credit Suisse.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Good morning. I guess the first one is just for Bob or David, in terms of the little bit less than $7 billion thats owed on the SPB, is there a fuse on that meaning would you have to make a decision to monetize either a AIA, ILFC or come up with the cash in another way by certain point in time?
Bob Benmosche: One, the fuse is you got to make sure you do whats right for the shareholders and there is one shareholder that has 77% of the stock and they want to make sure we maximize their value. So, thats the fuse. If for example, we were pushed to pay it down, weve already developed a strategy and plan about what we would do, if we chose not to sell any of the assets that will collateralize right now. So they are free of the collateral. So, at this stage of the game, our primary shareholder is looking to maximize our value, thats what we want and make sure that we can sell as soon as possible and so thats the only constraint we have.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Got it. Okay. And then can you talk a little bit, I guess it should be for David, can you talk a bit about your overall capital position today. I see you have north of $15 billion of liquidity resources at the holding company, but can you talk a bit about aside from the stakes in AIA and ILFC which I realized are, at least I think about them as residual asset values that could be monetize into capital. But as it relates to capital levels that the insurance companies, is there any excess -- and I guess the other side question I had for that is the $11.6 billion of cash and short-term at the holding company. There is a footnote in your Q that said $8.7 billion in reverse repos is used to reduce unsecured exposures. Im just not sure what that means, if you could elaborate. Thanks.
David Herzog: Sure, Ill cover a parts of it and Ill ask Brian Schreiber our Treasurer to comment on your last part there with respect to the reverse repos and the strategy behind that and that the use of those. How we think about the capital management, youre right weve grew our cash and short-term and financial resource at the holding company to adjust north of $15 billion in the quarter. Again weve renewed the bank facility had a terrific stable of banks participating. We were very pleased with that participation we also announced that weve been put in place an additional contingent capital facility again building up contingent capital and contingent resources in order to again allow us the greatest degree of financial flexibility. I think weve talk quite a bit about historically the capital maintenance agreement that we put in place with all of our operating companies, those agreements, I would say continue to operate as designed, that the capital flows are coming to the holding company in accordance with what we -- what our expectations were with those capital levels. We dont report -- or Hammond reported yet the RBC levels of the companies, but its a wiser to say our domestic life retirement savings companies remain very strong and in line with where they were at year end which was upwards of 500% RBC. The capital maintenance agreement levels were in the 350% range and I would expect Chartis likewise to be at or above its capital maintenance agreement threshold. So, again the underlying capital positions of our operating companies remains very strong. Again, I wont quantify excess capital but you get a feel for that where we are there. Brian, you want to comment on the short-term investments and the use of the reverse reports?
Brian Schreiber: Sure. A key component of our capital and liquidity plan has been to reduce contingent liquidity risk at AIG. And as you know, AIG in the past had issued debt in foreign currencies and swapped that debt back to dollars. That exposed us to contingent liquidity risk from a strengthening dollar. We have net assets and were long capital in many of the currencies in which we have issued the debt. So, we have been able to unwind the swaps, eliminate the contingent liquidity risk and effectively invest short-term in those currencies to defies that debt. So, we are economically hedged and we have eliminated the contingent liquidity risk. We have chosen to go in reverse repos because it offers the best sort of risk adjusted returns for the company from a short-term investment standpoint, so I hope that address your question.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: It does. Just a follow-up Brian. So, should I be thinking about $8.7 billion still available, fully utilizable by our whole co. or is there some level of -- those funds encumbered in some way shaper form. Like, I just want to understand how to think about it? I hear the technical explanation, but I just want to know practically speaking is, are those funds there for you or there is some level of that those are encumbered?
Brian Schreiber: The cash impaired is not encumbered it is a fundable asset that can be utilized how the parent company sees fit.
Thomas Gallagher  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We will now here from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to just follow up little bit on the CVS book back at the time the road show the maximum capital call was about $1.6 billion, I realized mark-to-markets are not capital calls, but you had $1.6 billion in marks over the past two quarters. I wanted to outlook as changed on that law, in terms of the maximum capital call you could have from the book at this time?
David Herzog: No in fact the -- we continue to wine down the portfolio and reduce our exposure to contingent liquidity and as you saw, weve further reduced the impact of the down grade AIG or ATE risk is gone down. And every quarter that continued liquidity risk you is being brought down. So I hope that -- we dont disclose a specific number for the overall contingent liquidity risk, but again it remains on trajectory downward.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: And -- yeah, go ahead Bob.
Bob Benmosche: So, let me make comment. Keep in mind that we have the holding company a lot more latitude in focusing on economic value instead of just mark to the market and the consequences to capital ratios and so on. So, we feel pretty confident that while youre looking at various market anomalies that were focusing on the economic value when the stuff comes due, so I think thats what youll see that were not worried. Its a matter of what do we think is intrinsic and when were going to achieve intrinsic.
David Herzog: Brian, I think maybe also comment the effects of what happened in the quarter with respect to capital calls and the like and on the wind down book.
Brian Schreiber: Yeah. Essentially as Bob mentioned earlier with the volatility weve seen in rates, spreads equity market and FX, we had effectively zero postings in the quarter and again its a result of actions that weve taken over the last year plus again to reduce our exposure be it by terminating trades, by intermediating trades that I just described on the last question about again taking off swaps where we are effectively economically hedged.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: And then on the upside you made this comment back at the road show that you can future would be probably $1.2 billion in upside from that book. And now we would get $1.6 billion or down. So, does that mean you still think there is $2.8 billion or has the current to market changed your outlook for the value of the upside associated with that?
David Herzog: No, we believe the intrinsic value of those assets remains and we still believe there is a significant amount of upside consistent flow weve articulated earlier.
Bob Benmosche: The trouble is nobody will sell us this stuff at this price.
David Herzog: Yeah.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: I understand.
Bob Benmosche: Yeah. Thats right. Thats why were all sitting and waiting and we can afford to wait.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Well now go to Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Im just trying to square a couple of things, so rates were up 4% on average it sound like U.S. commercial, but premiums were down 8% obviously you had some actions you took that impact of premiums, but excluding those actions can you help us understand -- what happened to exposures there?
Peter Hancock: Yeah. This is Peter speaking, to look at the topline, first thing you will do is strip our foreign exchange thats about a 4.2% adjustment so if you look at the topline adjustment for foreign exchange its down 3.5%. The biggest driver of that reduction which it was about 3.4% was caused by us changing the policy form of certain policies in the U.S. along the lines that David alluded to, the law sensitive business is just simply rebooked in a way that reduces the topline has zero impact on the bottom line, its actually slightly positive because it reduces the premium tax. But its really dramatic effect on the use of statutory capital. And one example of where our focus on risk adjusted return and capital efficiency is motivating our behavior as opposed to targeting topline per se that been said were absolutely committed to a strategy of profitable growth. And so, we are shifting the mix of business activities that have long-term sustainable growth. And so, in our road show we talked about topline growth expectations of 3% to 6% over the five year period, we still expect that, but at any given quarter youll see some topline reductions as a result of exiting certain areas. One other area was the excess workers comp which contributed about 0.3 of the reduction of the topline and thats something which weve talked about before as a business that we have exited.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Right now, I guess Im just focusing specifically on U.S. commercial where premiums were down to 8%. So, U.S. commercial earnings I imagine should be lot of FX in there and youd said I think Bob had said in prepared or maybe David said in the comment upfront that rates were up 4% in U.S. commercials. So Im just trying to understand just U.S. commercial, what happened and I get its about $300 million from the change in form that you had mentioned but Im just trying to understand whats happening to exposures in the U.S., are they down to relative to rate and thats why premiums looked to be about flat, thats what Im trying to get to.
Peter Hancock: So, first of all I was talking about aggregate total topline commercial consumer and global. As you know roughly 50% of our business is international and roughly 60% of it is commercial. So, secondly Ive made it very clear in all of our discussions that we are seeking to grow international faster than domestic and to grow consumer faster than commercial. So the math works out that we are shrinking U.S. commercial where we feel were not getting adequately rewarded and so, the reductions there are quite substantial in order to get that net number on a global basis. So thats as far as our goal to come over that.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And can you talk about regarding the U.S. -- can you talk about pricing versus loss trend or how pricing is tracking to your expectations at the beginning of the year? Can you talk about that?
Peter Hancock: Ill ask, John Doyle, to comment on that.
John Doyle: Hey Michael, its John.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Hey, John.
John Doyle: I would add to Peter to the response to your last question that we continue to reduce our exposure in the U.S. to cap property to work comp, Peter mentioned excess comp, but also to primary guarantee cost comp and to excess causality. Rates continue to trend more favorably. They are slightly ahead of what our expectations were in the beginning of the year and we did increase our loss picks for some U.S. commercial lines at the beginning of the year that accounts for some of the year-over-year change in the loss ratio, but obviously we had planned for that when we went on the road in the second quarter. So, the pricing trends are bit ahead of what we expected and I would add that September pricing was better than August and August was better than July. So, well, we still have some work to do to get where we want to go. Trends continue to move in the right direction.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: And any difference between large case and small case and maybe if you could touch a little bit on professional lines in particular D&O and kind of what youre seeing there? Thanks.
John Doyle: Yeah. Our rates in professional liability were down about a half a point in the third quarter thats better than where we were in the first and second quarter. The business there continues to run off very well, so were certainly confident in our portfolio there and have certainly read about lots of other markets talking about the competition there. I would say that -- were primarily a lead writer, I mean in the market and I think it can get a bit more competitive as you move up above the lead layers, so we continue to be confident where we headed it there.
David Herzog: I want Rob to just clarify something. Did you mention that you thought that our commercial was that 8%?
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Well, if Im looking U.S. commercials suggest so in your supplement, you break out commercial lines by geography. So, as looking at -- I guess its 3.8 to 3.5 roughly and net written premiums from 3Q 10 to 3Q 11 so I think thats about 8%. And as I understand about $300 million of that maybe -- a decent chunk of that is the rate actions we took in the third quarter or the on
David Herzog: Yes.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: But I guess
David Herzog: Thats principle explained by what I told about the law sensitive business that we have changed the policy form of.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Right. But still as rates are up 4% even if premiums are flat I would mean, I guess it exposure to down 4% I mean is that how we should thinking about it?
Bob Benmosche: I mean exposures were down in comp in excess casualty and in property and they are down more than 4% in that area and wed written the less new business year-over-year from quarter to quarter because new business pricing it has been attractive as we like it today.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. That helps a lot. Thanks.
Liz Werner: Were unfortunately were out of time and so to those you we didnt able to get to I apologize for that. But give us a call and well do we can answer your questions. I want to close on a very important statement and that is fact that we have come to this point, we have shown the strength and our resilience in this organization going forward and as it relates to AIA, I want to repeat again because I know theres been a lot of speculation and sometime people say Im not clear so Im working on my clarity skills. The lockup has allowed us to sell the shares, but our timing and decisions have nothing to do with the lock-up it has to do with making sure we do the right think for the share holders of AIG and at the right time. And so on that note I thank you all and look forward to hearing from you all next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That was concludes today teleconference. We do thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-05 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Liz Werner - VP, Investor Relations Bob Benmosche - President and CEO David Herzog  EVP and CFO William Dooley - EVP, Investment & Financial Services and CEO, Asset Management  Jay Wintrob - President & Chief Executive Officer, SunAmerica Financial Group  Peter D. Hancock - Chief Executive Officer, Chartis
 - :
Analysts: Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank  Donna Halverstadt  Goldman Sachs Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ed Spehar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan Andrew Kligerman - UBS Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the American International Group's second quarter financial results conference call. This call is being recorded. Now I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, head of investor relations.
Liz Werner: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Before we get started, Id like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward looking statements.  Factors that could cause this include factors described in our 10-Q under "Management's Discussion and Analysis" and in our 2010 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs under "Risk Factors". AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are include in our financial supplement which is available on AIG's website, www.aig.com. At this time, I'd like to turn our call over to Bob Benmosche, our CEO. Bob? 
Bob Benmosche: Thanks Liz, and good morning everybody. We have a lot to cover, so I want to be pretty brief, and then I'll turn it over to David.  The key for this quarter, though, and I do want to comment and stress it, is that we completed the last hurdle for this company for the conditions of closing for our restructuring, and so by issuing 100 million shares and raising that equity capital it allowed the Treasury to terminate the Series G preferred.  And so therefore, in my mind, AIG's crisis is over. We no longer have any direct obligation that we have to be concerned about vis--vis the government. Whatever is owed to the government for what they gave us in the beginning is all covered by collateralized partnerships or the common shares that we issued to them back in January. So today, we are independent of government support, which is very important for our employees and our clients as we go forward. There's clarity. AIG is here. We're an investment grade company, and if you look at our results for the quarter, our top line is strong. Our retention of clients is strong. Our retention of people is strong. And so all the fundamentals of running this company are moving in the right direction.  You can see in Chartis, for example, that the combined is now 97.7% for this quarter, working its way down. And you know that's a huge book of business, so it takes time to do that. You also will see in SunAmerica, the strong top line, in terms of of those products that they sell. That's a good story, as they were [backing] all of the distribution systems.  UGC has a good control over its mortgage business. In fact, they're now leading in market share in terms of that business, and have a very strong performance in terms of losses relative to their competitors. That's going well. And of course, as you saw in ILFC, we've benefit able to deal with our legacy aircraft with the announcement of this acquisition of AeroTurbine. So that will give us more options in the late cycle of the life of those airplanes that we did not have before.  So when you look overall, we're in good shape. I also should mention that Nanshan looks like it will close. That will finally get done. That's another $2.1 billion, $2.2 billion we'll be able to bring in house and deal with paying down to SPV with the U.S. Treasury. So that's another good sign.  Overall, we're in great shape. We can look forward and focus on operating results, which we have over the last four or five quarters in particular. You can see it in our performance. And I'll have David now take you through the details of that so you can reconcile what we reported and some of the nuances in those numbers. 
David Herzog  EVP and CFO: Thanks Bob, and good morning everybody. Let's turn to slide 7 for the earnings highlights. Second quarter net income was $1.8 billion, up from a loss of $2.7 billion a year ago. Importantly, our after-tax operating income attributable to AIG, which is our principal non-GAAP measure, was $1.3 billion versus $800 million a year ago.  On a per share basis, after-tax operating income was $0.69 for the quarter versus $1.18 a year ago. Book value per share was $49.18, up 2% sequentially. Adjusted ROE was 6.3 for the quarter, 8.3 year to date. Let's turn to slide 8. Chartis reported pre-tax operating income of $789 million, down $166 million from a year ago due to an extraordinary level of natural catastrophe losses. Cat losses in the second quarter this year were $539 million, largely from U.S. tornados and storms versus $300 million a year ago.  SunAmerica posted $743 million in operating income in the second quarter, down $115 million from a year ago. The SunAmerica results included $176 million decrease in the value of our Maiden Lane II investment due mainly to spread widening on the underlying non-agency RMBS securities. We also increased our reserve for IBNR by $100.6 million as a result of enhancing our death claim practices.  ILFC operating income we're seeing $86 million for the quarter, compared to $182 million a year ago. ILFC had $60 million of interest and other costs associated with their debt issuance and the subsequent tender offer for bonds and took an impairment charge of about $42 million on a handful of aircraft that we're either going to sell or put into part out. As you might have read, as Bob mentioned, we announced the acquisition of AeroTurbine, the part out business, which will provide new opportunities and options for us to manage the older aircraft in our fleet. Turning to United Guarantee, our mortgage guarantee business reported $13 million of operating income versus income of $226 million a year ago. Last year's income benefited from $232 million of favorable prior year development while this quarter included $25 million of unfavorable prior year loss development. To put this in context, United Guarantee has roughly $3 billion in net loss reserves. In addition, the second quarter included a $40-odd million favorable settlement with a former underwriting customer. Newly reported delinquent loans continued to decline, yet overturns for progressively declined or rescinded claims increased. Domestic first-lien reserves per delinquency remained steady at about $29,000 per delinquency. Turning to our other reporting unit, it reported a loss of $984 million in the quarter, versus $135 million a year ago, due largely to the mark-to-model loss of $667 million on our Maiden Lane III investment and to a lesser extent our capital markets wind-down portfolio. As you know, Maiden Lane III is a special purpose vehicle that holds multi-sector CDOs purchased in the fall of 2008, and which we own a subordinated tranche plus a one-third residual interest. As of June 30, the value of our share of Maiden Lane III was $6.4 billion, down 10% sequentially but importantly up 28% from our initial investment. We essentially gave back the $744 million gain in the first quarter. Prior to the second quarter, we reported eight consecutive quarters of gains. In the second quarter, credit spread widening and the corresponding impact on fair value model discount rate assumptions were the key drivers in the Maiden Lane III value. Cash flows within the underlying CDOs remain steady, and we still anticipate receiving payouts beginning in 2014. The Maiden Lane III cash flows to date have paid down $12 billion to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or about half of their senior loan. Asset management, which is included in other, had income of $92 million for the quarter, down from $303 million a year ago, due largely to the tightening of credit spreads in the asset book from a year ago. Capital markets had a loss of roughly $160 million, due to the unrealized mark-to-market loss on the super senior credit derivative portfolio versus a gain last quarter. The loss was driven by a decline in values of the multisector CDS book. The wind down, again, continues to progress very significantly. This book had seven quarters of favorable marks before the second quarter, and our view of intrinsic value hasn't changed. Remaining in the multisector book is about $6 billion of notional, for which we hold liabilities of roughly $3.2 billion, most of which we've already posted collateral against. Independent views support our belief that the actual settlements under these contracts will be less than the GAAP liability in the collateral postings we have, thus giving rise to the potential intrinsic gains we believe are worth the GAAP P&L volatility that we are required to report. As previously disclosed, the second quarter marked the end of the active wind down of AIGFP, the remaining derivative portfolio of the capital markets, our predominantly non-complex market derivatives entered into to manage the risks of AIG and its affiliates or our hedges on those positions. At the end of the second quarter, approximately $29 million of notional remains in the CDS portfolio, of which $22 billion does not require active trading management. The remaining $8 billion CDS, which is being actively managed, has over $1 billion of upside we believe against the modest contingent liquidity needs going forward. Also during the second quarter, AIGFP agreed to terminate two super senior regulatory capital transactions with a combined net notional of over $24 billion - notional as of March 31 - and those had had previously been subject to possible additional collateral postings. Finally, our remaining investment in AIA appreciated by about $1.5 billion in the quarter.  Turning to slide 9, which shows the after-tax income reconciliation, reconciling items that have declined meaningfully as most of the restructuring activities are behind us. Also, we adjust for taxes since we apply a pro forma tax rate our operating earnings. The taxes are added back here to the GAAP net income to get to GAAP net income, since we aren't paying much tax and we currently have a full valuation allowance. Jumping to slide 11, our capital structure. This reflects the January 2011 recapitalization and redundant leverage. Our leverage is currently in the low end of the range of our long term target, and we still assume a 20-25% debt to total capital as part of our aspirational goals. Turning to slide 13, Chartis. Overall, I would note the Chartis reorganization into global commercial and consumer business is beginning to develop some positive momentum. Net premiums written, excluding Fuji and the impact of foreign exchange, increased about 2.4%.  Prior year development was insignificant for the quarter, after considering related loss-sensitive premiums. The four business lines with the largest reserve strengthening at year end 2010 saw little activity in the quarter. The combined ratio on an [accident] year basis excluding cats was 97.7%.  The expense ratio remained essentially flat. We are intensely focused on reducing general operating expenses in a thoughtful and deliberate way, but we will continue to make strategic investments in projects that better position Chartis for the future. Turning to slide 14, net premiums written benefitted, as I said a minute ago, from our Fuji acquisition, but otherwise we're around 2.4% up for the quarter. Pricing is trending positively overall, in particular in the U.S. market. We're experiencing low single digit increase on average, led by our commercial property and worker's compensation lines. Customer retention, as Bob mentioned, is also strong.  Turning to slide 15, Chartis investments. Net investment income for Chartis was $1.14 billion in this quarter, up 2.6% from a year ago. The primary driver of the increase is improved interest and dividends and the effects of consolidation of Fuji. Chartis continued to reduce its muni bond position, which was 28% of the Chartis invested assets in the quarter, down from 31% last quarter.  On slide 17, turning to SunAmerica Financial Group, SunAmerica's operating income was $743 million in the quarter, down $115 million from a year ago. As you can see, SunAmerica's operating income has been relatively stable for the last five quarters. This quarter's volatility relates to market volatility for RMBS and in particular its effects on the value of Maiden Lane II, which is included in the SunAmerica group.  We also increased our reserve for IBNR by roughly $100.6 million, as I mentioned earlier. Our business remains diverse, strong, with good momentum in sales and deposits, customer retention, and importantly, net flows.  Turning to slide 18, premiums, deposits, and other considerations. Life insurance CPPE sales increased 29% sequentially, largely driven by retail sales. Western National, while continuing to maintain its pricing discipline, again achieved sales of over $2 billion in the quarter due largely to certain bank partners negotiating lower commissions and exchange for higher crediting rates for our customers. All in, total net flows for retirement services of $726 million were positive for the second consecutive quarter. Turning to slide 19 for SunAmerica Investments, net investment income was $2.46 billion, down $167 million from a year ago. As I mentioned, Maiden Lane II negatively affected this quarter by $176 million versus a positive $120 million a year ago. Partnership income was strong again this quarter due to performance of our private equity and hedge fund investments, which are reported on a one-quarter and one-month lag respectively. Excluding Maiden Lane II, investment income increased by 5% on increased interest and dividends and partnership income. Most importantly, our base yields increased sequentially as we redeploy cash. More on that in a minute from Bill Dooley. Turning to SunAmerica spreads on page 20, reported spreads declined despite the redeployment of cash. Declines and other enhancements, which is mainly Maiden Lane II, more than offset the growth in interest and dividends. Looking ahead, as we continue to take capital gains to realized, the economic value of our substantial capital loss carry-forward deferred tax asset reported spreads could be pressured. We're choosing economics over a reported GAAP measure. Now a few words on income taxes on page 22 and 23. As fully described in our second quarter 10-Q, we apply a framework for evaluating the need for valuation allowances. Among other factors, AIG must emerge from its recent cumulative loss position and demonstrate a level of sustainable profitably.  AIG's U.S. consolidated income tax group has reported taxable income over the first half of 2011 and is currently projecting taxable income for the full year of 2011. In addition, the group expects to emerge from the cumulative loss in recent years in the second half of 2011.  If these factors are met, the valuation allowance for the net operating loss, the non-life capital loss carry-forward, and the foreign tax credits consolidated basis released during the fourth quarter. Realization of the life capital loss carry-forwards remains more challenging, and that portion of the valuation allowance will be released as the carry-forwards are realized. We still expect an effective tax rate of roughly 25-30% for the remainder of the year on our operating income, driven by our substantial investment in tax-free munis. Other discrete items in any given quarter will impact the rate as well. This quarter, among other things, we settled disputes previously reserved for, and the effect was favorable on the quarter. And finally, a word on our outlook, consistent with the next steps of our company, and our increasing focus on long term operating results, we outlined a number of long term aspirational goals in our first quarter 10-Q which we affirm again this quarter. We expect to continue to execute on the operating and capital management actions to achieve these goals. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Bill for a few comments on the cash redeployment. Bill? 
William Dooley: Thank you David. As we entered 2011, we had high investable cash balances in the insurance companies, and over the course of the first half of the year, we invested those cash proceeds in various asset classes to give the various durations necessary for the insurance companies. So in the first half of the year, we invested just under $50 billion, and the average yield across the board on those investments was roughly between 4.5-6%. So when we entered the third quarter, we were fully invested with all the cash that was available at the beginning of the year. 
Liz Werner: Operator, at this time we'd like to turn the conference call over to Q&A. We'd like to try and take one question and one followup from all the analysts, and then hopefully we'll have time to do more and they can get into queue. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will start the question and answer portion of the call. [Operator instructions.]
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : My questions, and I'll give them up front, and they're not related but they're similar. I'm trying to understand the $100 million reserve charge in SunAmerica for incurred but not reported debts. And two, it seems for two quarters in a row, we've taken charges on a revision of the outlook on cash flows for life settlement contracts. Given about 6,000 contracts, it seems like a pretty significant charge over two quarters. I want to talk about whether that will moderate, and what your outlook is there. 
Bob Benmosche: We'll have Jay just briefly give you an update on what the process changes were, and then we'll have Peter talk about the life settlements. 
Jay Wintrob:
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : Is it most certainly nonrecurring in nature? 
Jay Wintrob:
Bob Benmosche: But the answer to the question is, I believe, that the process change that Jay talked about - and it's more about a process change - there's a question about what practices are, but we've looked at our practices and said we think we should do it a different way. On the basis of what we've changed our practice to be, the team believes that they've got this worked out in this IBNR and this puts the problem behind us. And on a go-forward basis, it would be part of the normal operating procedures. So you would see that it's just part of our numbers. So I think this closes it out from we can see right now. Let me turn it over to Peter. 
Peter D. Hancock: On the life settlements impairment charge, I'd like to just put it in the context of the overall life settlements portfolio, which totals a carrying value of $4 billion. We have instituted increased scrutiny of the longevity assumptions with updated medical information on individual lives. This is a book which has fairly large insured values per life, and as a result of those updated actuarial assumptions, which were validated by third-party scrutiny as well, we have added the impairment charge. We would not anticipate future charges, anything of that scale, but on the other hand, as I said, it's fairly lumpy in terms of individual lives. But when we take an impairment it's an asymmetrical charge when any single contract is impaired. But you dont take positive news when it comes in. So there's an asymmetrical aspect of it. When we take an impairment we basically look at current yields on similar contracts to mark down the position. 
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank : In the queue, you describe it as an enhanced process change. You had $60 million of charges in one quarter and here $180 million. Is the process change fully in effect, so that we dont expect this to recur as sort of a change in the outlook? It will just be mark-to-markets from here on out? 
Peter D. Hancock: It's not mark-to-market. It's effectively cost accounting, so you're basically looking for impairments of individual lives and so if you've got evidence that your assumption there is too aggressive then you mark that to market, but you dont mark up the opposite, lives where you have information that suggests that you have it valued too low. So the enhanced process is just increased scrutiny on this book, with additional third-party scrutiny to validate our own assumptions. That's what's changed, and I would not expect charges of this magnitude going forward, but on the other hand, I would not expect it to be zero either. There will be some volatility and it's asymmetrical because the positive news comes in the form of a higher expected yield over the approximately 10-year duration of these contracts. 
Bob Benmosche: But we also have completed a very deep strategic review of what we're doing here. We're going to think about how we modify it, but this is not an area that we're going to be emphasizing going forward. We're just thinking about how to deal with it. So over time, we're studying this as an asset class, and we don't think it's something we're going to be growing.
Operator: We'll hear next from Donna Halverstadt with Goldman Sachs
Donna Halverstadt  Goldman Sachs: I had a question about a business that's a small slice of your business mix pie, but I'm just not clear how you think about it, and I wanted to understand philosophically or strategically how you're viewing United Guarantee, whether it's core or noncore or just merely a placeholder until some future point in time when we know if there's going to be a more robust future demand function for private MI. And as a followup to that, the pace of flux in the MI industry is picking up rapidly and I was curious whether or not you'd be interested in participating in any restructuring of the current industry makeup. 
Bob Benmosche: We see UGC has really done a dramatic turnaround of that business. I feel they have employed excellent technology now behind their claims process and so they've got themselves very much under control for the legacy book. They've done a wonderful job of reinventing how they underwrite mortgages, so they have a model now that works very effectively on new business.  And the experience that we've been seeing, it started in '09, so if you look at '09,'10, and '11 so far, that experience is exceptional relative to our history as well as the industry. So we are pricing for the right risks and we're getting the risk that makes sense for us as a company and we're not comparative in those risks which we obviously are concerned about.  Having said that, our market share has grown dramatically, and with that performance, we don't see any need to help anyone else out. So for now, the business, we operate that as well as ILFC, is do no harm to the core franchises of the company. But unlike IFLC, we feel that UGC does provide us a tremendous insight into a major aspect of our investment, which is residential mortgages and so on.  We also believe that as the government begins to pull back in some way out of the mortgage guarantee business there may be a better market for us and here this may grow. And so for now it's running very well and it's enhancing whatever we do here, not only from a small amount of earnings, but also by the intelligence it provides us on what's going on in the economy. So for now we see it as a keeper. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, I've got one question, and then Ed Spehar's going to have question as well on the life side. My question on the property casualty side, I'm wondering if you could talk about some of the claims trends you're seeing. Obviously with the review last year there was some negative surprises in claims trends in various businesses. As you've entered now 2011, I'm wondering if you can update us on the claims trends, particularly in places like excess casualty and excess comp. 
Robert Schimek : I think you can see from our quarterly review of our carried reserves that we did not experience any significant deviation from our expectations during the quarter with respect to claims trends. That's one of the things we focus on each quarter. We have an expectation based off of our carried reserves of what should happen during the quarter and we compare that to what actually did happen during the quarter. Right now, it's a class of business by class of business distinction here, but generally speaking, we're seeing rate change in line with loss cost trends, in particular, for example, with respect to worker's compensation, where you're seeing rate increases. But it is line of business by line of business specific. I think the overall point is that actual results are trending in line with our expectations. 
Bob Benmosche: It's important to stress that theyve enhanced their processes. What you're seeing us do is enhancing a lot of processes, because we really want to tighten this place up and really improve the quality of our performance. And about $10 billion of our reserves this quarter were looked at by third party actuaries. We're going through it quarter by quarter and they've validated that our reserves are, if anything, just slightly above what they saw as essential estimates. So I think it's $10 billion, but as we go through it we're seeing everything coming in line, that the reserves continue to be what we said, very strong.
Ed Spehar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I have a question for David. Can you give us any thought on how much of this life capital loss carry-forward, this $23 billion of gross attributes, how much you think you might be able to realize? 
David Herzog: As we said earlier, we've got about $7.5 billion of DTA, net DTA, related to the life capital loss carry-forward. And as we look at the life portfolio it has about I think $8 billion or so of gross gains. And then if you tax effect the gains, that sort of gives you a sense of how to think about the real opportunity right now, because that's the inventory of gains that we have. And then the question is how do we go about achieving that. In part we are realizing capital gains in the life cost of services themselves, actually selling the securities.  And then there are other strategies involved where we have other opportunities to realize, at least for tax purposes, the gains. And we are in the process of evaluating that. My sense is, as we said, maybe up to 25% of that number, of the $7.5 billion, we would expect to get, because the expiry dates run between 2013 and 2014. And so time is very different than on the NOLs, which run out until 2028. So the fourth quarter evaluation, as I was commenting on, will be around the NOLs, which we expect to realize fully. The foreign tax credits we expect to realize fully, and the nonlife capital loss carry-forward we expect to realize fully. 
Ed Spehar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So if you expect maybe up to 25% of the $7.5 billion, that would suggest about $3 billion of gains harvested in the portfolio, right? 
David Herzog: Well no. Think of it differently. If there's about $2-2.5 billion of DTA, and the DTA is effectively 35% of the actual gain. So if we were to realize all $8 billion of gains, take -
Ed Spehar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, I got it. I had the math backwards. I guess the question though, if you had $6 billion of gains, wouldn't that be probably given out maybe around $700 million of annual investment income? 
David Herzog: There's a tradeoff, and that's why I say we're balancing economics here against a GAAP-reported number, and a GAAP-reported spread. And we're sensitive to that, but that's why there are other ways to realize those gains other than just straight out harvesting. 
Bob Benmosche: Ed, I think what we're doing right now is we're assembling a world-class team in my mind. Because there may be some that are maybe as good, but nobody better that are quicker minds around how we begin to deal with this and how we can do things in a way such that we trigger a taxable gain on what it is we have here. Sometimes you dont actually have to sell it that you get caught with a taxable gain. So there's all kinds of theories and strategies we're putting together, and we're going to do everything we can to maximize this number. However, we're also mindful that we dont want to do it to the extent that it would harm Jay's business, so we're being mindful of the NII there. And that's a challenge. We have the team to do it, and that's why David is going to be conservative come to fourth quarter as to what he thinks can be realized [inaudible]. 
Ed Spehar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. We vote for economics if you care. 
Operator: Mike Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs has our next question. 
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Just a couple questions here. Trying to reconcile the development - we've got a 98% ex-cat combined ratio at Chartis, 97.7% ex-cat and prior year development. The development shows as being zero, 91 adverse and then 91 in returned premiums. And then in the Q it looks like about $100 million in additional adverse development from the first quarter. That's page 125 of the Q. So just trying to reconcile those if I could. And one followup. Thanks. 
Robert Schimek : Let me just provide clarity here. First of all, I think you generally said this correct. Prior year development for the second quarter is adverse, but we write loss-sensitive business, and on the loss-sensitive business we have accrued premiums. And so the net of those two items in the second quarter are largely offset. The way that it works in the combined ratio itself, though, is that the prior year development affects the numerator, but the accrued premium or the loss-sensitive premium affects the denominator. So it's not an exact zero-sum game in the combined ratio itself.  And then as I think we talked about in the first quarter, one of the significant drivers on our development in Q1 was the fact that we had a settlement of a historical issue associated with one particular line of business. It's disclosed I think reasonably clearly in the 10-Q. But it was that item that really drove prior year development, all in the first quarter of 2011. 
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: So just on that adverse versus the loss-sensitive, is that the same business? You had adverse and then in addition you had additional premiums related to that adverse development because it was business you had written on a loss-sensitive basis? Or are they two separate items? 
Robert Schimek : No, you said it exactly Mike. We have adverse development on business that was written years ago, and the premium accrual is on that same business. Just remember the way this actually works is we do our analysis across the entire portfolio, maybe in excess of a thousand different cohorts of data that we're analyzing, so the adverse development is the sum of all of those ins and outs. All of the accrued premiums on the loss-sensitive business, 100% of it relates to business that's also being included in, and is the driver of, the net adverse development that we experienced for the quarter. So the answer to the question is absolutely positively these are directly and specifically interrelated. There's an exact match between adverse development and the premium accrual in the loss-sensitive business. I'm just saying to you there's thousands of different ways that we slice this data and so there are other places of increases in prior year development and other places where there's decreases in prior year development. But the primary driver of why you have net adverse development is related to those premiums that we also accrued on loss-sensitive business. 
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: I'll follow up after on that one. I just had another math question. But if I could, I just wanted to understand what happened, again in Chartis U.S., is it consumer lines? It sounded like from the Q you discontinued a couple programs, otherwise saw some growth there. Commercial lines, you had a big E&O policy. It sounded like higher rates in comp, commercial, decline in specialty comp. Just trying to understand what got you to the plus 4.6%? Is it a combination of those items, or is it underlying that got you there? And then the expense ratio. There was about a 200 basis point decline sequential. Just trying to understand how to think about those as well. Thank you very much. 
Peter D. Hancock: I think the first thing is that as we have looked at all of our lines of business, all of our individual relationships through the scrutiny of whether they meet our risk adjusted profitably targets, certain programs just didn't make the cut. And the particular consumer example you cite was one that whatever way you look at it just didnt make sense going forward. So we terminated that program.  In terms of the overall trend, we saw an increase in ratable exposure which helped the general positive trend. Hopefully the economy continues its recovery and that trend doesnt reverse itself, but we're not holding our breath. And in terms of other favorable rate trends, property is probably the most promising, especially outside of the U.S., but in the U.S. we're also seeing a slight hardening.  
Robert Schimek: One other thing I would mention there Mike is that in the second quarter of last year, we did our first cat bond and so the prior year premium associated with commercial property is reduced by the amount of premium that we ceded on that cat bond, which was approximately $100 million. So we're higher in the 2011 simply because we did not cede premium again on a new cat bond. So just wanted to add that. 
Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Very fair. Thank you. Real quick on the expense ratio if that's okay? About a 200 basis point decline. Just trying to understand. You're clearly making some changes, cutting some specialty comp lines. I imagine there's still some outstanding claims on those. Just trying to get a handle on how the expense ratio goes down. Is that where we think it's going to be? Or is that just kind of a dip here in the second quarter? 
Peter D. Hancock: Let me start with an overall comment on the expense ratio, and then I'll hand it over to Rob. The expense ratio is not something we target. It's an outcome of things that we do target, which is improvement in our costs, regardless of whether they appear in the expense ratio or the loss ratio. And I think that we're very conscious of the importance of reducing our fixed costs and then focusing on unit costs associated with claims management. And so as we do that, that has an effect on the expense ratio.  Secondly, as our business mix shifts from high to very low frequency to higher-frequency, low severity businesses, then the expense element goes up, but the amount of capital intensity goes down. So as we factor in capital costs, that, again, is another important shift. So as we shift toward these lower-risk consumer lines, then we expect the expense ratio to go down. And the acquisition costs are obviously higher as well in those lines.  So it's an outcome of our strategic shift toward lower risk businesses with better repeatable earnings characteristics, but we're very focused on expenses, however they're categorized. And so as far as the specific shift, maybe Rob, why don't you explain that shift as well. 
Robert Schimek : I'll just give you a couple more things to keep in mind, especially here in 2011, and I think for the first part of 2012. We've embarked on a number of very important strategic fundamental investments in our platform including, for example, work we're doing on [inaudible] in Europe and we're also undergoing a very significant finance transformation effort inside of the chartered finance organization to put us all onto one single financial platform around the world.  Each of those items, among others, are investments that we think are very important to the long term viability of our platform and those will cause our expenses to go up as we go across the next year or so. However, you'll see us also continuing to demonstrate progress on the items that we've been targeting as an overall reduction of GOE.  One thing you will see from us is as we now have a full year of Fuji consolidated into our operations, Fuji carries a higher expense ratio and you should expect that that will also have an impact on us as we move forward into the rest of the year.  We do a lot of work on a quarterly basis to make sure that we've got an appropriate valuation of bad debt, whether it's on premiums or whether it's just on any receivables that we have on the books, and so one of the things that benefitted us in the current quarter was a reduction in bad debt expense also. And that will be lumpy on a quarter to quarter basis, really just based off of the facts and circumstances of that analysis. 
Operator: We'll hear next from JP Morgan's Jimmy Bhullar. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan : I had a question on capital flexibility. Obviously you had to raise equity earlier this year to replace the Series G Preferred. And maybe I'll have to hold that as a question, but you sold [inaudible] and so what do you believe your current access capital position is on the balance sheet? Also, how much free cash flow do you expect to generate this year given the high cat losses? And then any comments on potential uses of this capital? 
Bob Benmosche: I'm going to turn it over to David, but I want to stress that selling the 100 million shares was a condition of closing to demonstrate we could. Remember, for us to be allowed to be where we are today, completely independent of government support, we had to prove we can get unsecured debt all the way through derisking FP and our credit ratings and also raising equity capital. So the G was put in as a stopgap until we demonstrated that, and so that's really about bringing us to that level at this point in time. And we've also told you that we want to [inaudible] the liquidity during this period of time so that the rating agencies can absorb where we are and see how we operate throughout 2011. So that's what we did, and again keep in mind that we had to demonstrate our strength, having given up $30 billion of committed government support, plus the implied support above that. So that was all part of that condition of closing and maintaining strong investment grade ratings on a standalone basis. Having said that, David can now talk about what we're going to do with the proceeds. 
David Herzog: The Nanshan proceeds will be used to repay or pay down the AIA SPV balance, so there's about $11.5 billion of obligation that the SPV has to the U.S. Treasury. Of the Nanshan proceeds, nearly $2.2 billion will be used to reduce that balance, which is a great outcome for all the stakeholders. So that's where those proceeds are going to go. I would point you to our 10-Q disclosure, page 142. We talk about the capital liquidity availability at the holding company, the nearly $13.1 billion. As we discussed earlier, it's not so much about excess capital today as much as it is about the generation of distributable available capital as we continue to execute on our business.  And again, we reaffirm our aspirational goals which we set forth in the first quarter Q, that the $25-30 billion of capital management activities over the course of the next several years we believe are still very achievable, particularly in light of the continued progress that we're making. So again, we'll continue to try to optimize the capital structure of the company. We're building sufficient liquidity at the holding company. Again, the final determination of whether or not we are designated a SIFI will ultimately be determined sometime later this year we expect. And so, again, all of those will play into when and how much and to what degree we commence our capital management. But at this time it's about building the pool of available capital. 
Bob Benmosche: And by the way, we have done a lot of sensitivity testing around SIFI, and we're very confident that SIFI will not cause us to go up. We are well above where even SIFI is at, so we dont see it getting in the way of our flexibility and our thoughts at this stage of the game from what we've studied. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan : Okay. And then any comments on free cash flow that you expect to gentlemen this year? 
David Herzog: Well, as we laid out as part of our earlier equity markets discussions, capital dividend capacity at our operating companies and those expectations have not changed. And so we will continue to expect to receive dividends from our operating companies to bolster the $13.1 billion we have. 
Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan : And lastly, on AIA, you have restrictions on selling that. I think you can sell some of that beginning in October, but how do you view that asset? And obviously it gives you exposure to the international markets to the extent that you continue to own it, but do you think you're going to hold on to it? Or is it going to be more opportunistic? 
Bob Benmosche: I think we're going to study it and when with get to October we'll know what the markets are. We'll know where we are. As we talk about the SPV that it's collateralizing, as David just said, we're at [$11.3 billion]. We've got about $2.6 billion of cash that's sitting there in support of contingencies for Met Life, because of the sale of the Met Life stock, and the deal with Alico, and so when you take that out, you're down to about $6.5 billion, after Nanshan comes in.  And that's collateralized for example by ILFC as well as AIA, and so there's a huge amount of money. We're going to be taking a look at strategically where we are, what we need to do, what makes the most sense come October. And then the team will do that which we believe will give us the best shareholder value for the company going forward. It's all about how to create shareholder value moving into the fourth quarter as quickly as we possibly can. 
Operator: Andrew Kligerman of UBS has our next question. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: A SunAmerica question for Jay. So $8.4 billion in cash and short-term investments were deployed during the quarter. You go from a base yield of 5% up to 5.36%, but you also harvested, I think I read, $3.4 billion of gains. So now we're at 5.35%. If nothing were done going forward in terms of harvesting that $8 billion of gains that you have left, where does the base yield go? And then the other part of it is if you're willing to discuss how much of that gain you want to harvest, what kind of impact would it have negatively? 
William Dooley: Let me just make a comment on the base yield increases on future cash flows. A lot is determined on obviously where the market goes in that period of time. So that's a harder question to answer. But when we're taking the gains on the SunAmerica portfolio, we're doing it in a deliberate way, so we can close the gap between the give-up and what we're getting. The other thing we don't want to do is to create another large cash balance at the life company level. So I'm looking for offsetting assets that are basically the same type of assets, even though there's going to be a yield difference because of the movement of the marketplace. So everything's being done in a very deliberate way. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: So you want to minimize the impact? 
William Dooley: We're trying to minimize the impact, but at the same time, pick up the gains. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Got it. So then with the $8.4 billion that you deployed, shouldnt that yield, the 5.36%, go up next quarter barring any taking gains on the other stuff? 
William Dooley: Well, as the sales take place, the gains are coming in, but I'm redeploying those funds at lower yield levels, just because of the movement in the marketplace. But economically, as David was saying, for the consolidated entity, we're much better off by taking those gains and having a smaller yield on the underlying assets in the insurance company.  
Jay Wintrob:
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: So that's good. So there is some interest income pickup as we go into the third quarter. Nothing you could kind of give us a sense of to model for? 
Bob Benmosche: I'm not comfortable with that, only because there's still this third quarter to go. But we know that all of the activity in the second quarter is not reflected in the base yield. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay. And then just while I've got you, the discipline around Western National in terms of there was a big pickup in deposits, maybe just give us a little clarity on what was so disciplined there. 
Jay Wintrob:
Bob Benmosche: You know, the one thing to keep in mind, and for everybody to keep in mind, is Western has a product chassis that is unique to the industry, so think about it as today I think they price maybe 230 different combinations and permutations of different capabilities. So here's how much money we have and how do you want to slice and dice it. And as Jay just said, several very, very large banks have decided to finally see what happens when you cut commissions and go ahead and see if you can get the volume to do better. And we've seen huge volumes in these institutions that are very large.  And so this is a competitive advantage because of the uniqueness of that front end, and you add to it a very strong low-cost operation that comes out of Amarillo, Texas for now, which is a very high quality group. So you put that together and it gives them the opportunity to get this kind of price with this kind of volume. So it really is unique, and it's very hard for competitors to get to this overnight, because you've got to build that model and then get people comfortable in using that model. So it really is an incredible capability. 
Operator: We'll move on to Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse. 
Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse: First, Bob, I just had a follow up on the comment about the Treasury SPV in terms of the $6.5 billion that would be left in potential assets or sources to repay that. You had cited AIA and ILFC. Any thoughts on your Maiden Lane III stake, $6.5 billion? Should we assume that's not on the table because it's, I guess, fully in the control of the Fed? Or is there a chance that you can monetize that within the next couple of years? That's my first question. 
Bob Benmosche: Have you guys got some extra money, because we can talk. I don't know how anybody's going to buy our interest. It's totally under the control of the Fed. All I can say is that the cash flows - remember in the two years or so it's gone from $24 billion to $12 billion. It's doing about $350 million a month in cash flow. So the cash flows are strong regardless of the pricing that's going on here. We're all trying to figure the pricing out better to reflect the real value here, but there's no question Maiden Lane III has a tremendous amount of value for us down the road.  And so we would think if you do the numbers that sometime during 2014 - it depends on how strong they stay - that our $6.5-7 billion that's sitting there will start to flow in here. And so you just have to take that out of the equation. It's just something coming down the road just like Maiden Lane II. We had hoped to take the volatility out of Jay's earnings. That didn't succeed. But again, that's another one that has a lot of economic value over time that will flow in.  And remember those are collateralized, so in order to free up the collateral you're going to have to pay it down. Those are two major properties that are there supporting it, and I think Maiden Lane III is there, but that's just an extra safety valve down the road. But the cash coming in, Treasury wants first priority on that cash, because that's the deal. So as we monetize these assets, we don't get to leave them with Maiden Lane III and an SPV, taken at 5%. They want their cash, and that's what we're negotiating when the time comes as to how we exit from that SPV. 
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions. I'll turn the call back to our speakers for any closing or additional remarks. 
Liz Werner: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and let you know that we are available to follow up with you on all questions, so please feel free to give us a call and we will get back to you if you were still in queue. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-03-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Watson  VP, Investor & Rating Agency Relations Ed Liddy  Chairman and CEO David Herzog  EVP and CFO Paula Reynolds  Chief Restructuring Officer Elias Habayeb  CFO, AIG Financial Products
Analysts: Michael Barry  Banc of America Arun Kumar  JPMorgan Josh Shanker  Citi Donna Halverstadt  Goldman Sachs Ian Gutterman  Adage Capital Scott Frost  HSBC Lionel Tritalou [ph]  Insight Investment Tom Walsh  Barclays Capital Richard Semone [ph]  Old Mutual
Operator: Good morning and thank you all for holding. I would like to remind all parties that you will be in a listen-only mode for the duration of today's conference. (Operator instructions) Today's conference is also being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the call over to Teri Watson, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Teri Watson: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that remarks made on this call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These projections and statements are not historical facts but instead represent only AIGs belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside AIGs control. These projections and statements may address, among other things, the outcome of proposed transactions with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the United States Department of the Treasury, the number, size, terms, cost and timing of dispositions and their potential effect on AIGs businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. And AIG at any time and from time to time may change its plans with respect to the sale of one or more businesses. These projections and statements may also address AIGs exposures to subprime mortgages, monoline insurers and the residential and commercial real estate markets and AIGs strategy for growth, product development, market position, financial results and reserves. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections and statements. Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in the specific projections and statements include a failure to complete the proposed transactions with the New York Fed and the United States Department of the Treasury, developments in global credit markets and such other factors as discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and throughout Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in AIG's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update or alter any projection or other statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures will be included in the fourth quarter 2008 Financial Supplement available in the Investors section of AIGs corporate website. And now I would like to turn the call over to Ed Liddy, AIG's Chairman and CEO, who will make opening statements. Then we will take question and answers, and we expect to end the call by 9:30.
Ed Liddy: Thanks and good morning everyone. We appreciate your participation this morning. Im joined here in New York by Paula Reynolds, our Chief Restructuring Officer, and David Herzog, our CFO, and of course, Teri Watson who is our VP of Investor Relations. As usual, we have the heads of our major businesses available either from New York or from where their office headquarters are to answer any questions about our business operations. We have an ambitious agenda to try to complete all of this by 9:30. I hope you will understand that we will need to cut the call off at 9:30 so that we can move on to the other pressing activities for the day. Today, AIG announced its fourth quarter and full year results for 2008. More importantly perhaps, we also announced a series of actions with the support of the Federal Reserve and the US Treasury that will facilitate AIGs execution of its restructuring plan and our ability to replay the government. These major steps will improve our capital structure, protect and enhance the value of our businesses, and position our key franchises for the future. Id like to just briefly review what these actions are. First, modifications to the terms of the US Treasurys preferred stock investment in AIG to improve the equity-like characteristics of these securities, including making the dividend non-cumulative and adding a replacement capital covenant. Next, a new $30 billion five-year equity capital commitment from the US Treasury, which AIG may drop on from time to time as needed and will serve as a backstop facility for our restructuring activities. I cant emphasize enough we need no new cash right now. This is a backup facility that will enhance the prospects for us enacting the restructuring that we are working on. Next, debt exchanges where AIG will transfer to the Federal Reserve, preferred equity ownership interests in AIA and ALICO in return for a reduction in the outstanding balance of the government credit facility. This will allow AIG to tap the intrinsic value of its insurance companies to repay a portion of the government credit facility. It will accelerate AIGs restructuring plan and position these businesses as independent companies. Next, the securitization of blocks of AIGs domestic life insurance business, the proceeds of which will be used to further reduce the outstanding balance under the government credit facility. Next, the elimination of the LIBOR floor on the government credit facility, which will lower AIGs current interest cost. And then finally, we will continue to have access to approximately $20 billion of available capital under the existing $60 billion government credit facility. That $20 billion is not now currently drawn. The balance on that outstanding government facility has been in the $36 billion to $38 billion range now for the better part of 8, 10, or 12 weeks, indicating that our liquidity issue has, in fact, been stabilized. Together, these measures offer the best opportunity to preserve the value of AIGs businesses on behalf of taxpayers to promote market stability and facilitate an orderly restructuring. There is no immediate cash infusion from the Federal government. Ill take you through the details a little bit more in just a minute, but first let me review the chronology of events since I joined AIG last September. With so much written about AIG in the intervening period, many have questioned how AIG is run and why the US government continues to support the company. Id like to address both these points. First, how are we running the company? While the leaders of our insurance companies remain focused on the day-to-day management of these businesses and they are doing a great job, over the past five months, the corporate leadership team we now have in place has rolled up its sleeves to address the companys greatest challenges. There is an old expression that says the urgent crowds out the important, and that in fact has been our balancing act. Against the backdrop of unprecedented volatility in global markets, we have a number of urgent problems we have needed to address. At the same time, weve had to map a strategy to restore the company's business vitality. Our announcement today represents a major milestone in balancing these two priorities. The tools that the government is willing to extend will make a big difference in our ability to save the businesses until markets improve. And as I will describe in a few minutes, the fourth quarter 2008 loss does not reflect the fundamentals of our major businesses. Rather, the results primarily reflect non-cash charges associated with the restructuring of our balance sheet and the severe market disruption that is occurring around the globe. Much of this restructuring occurred in November 2008. Together with the Federal Reserve and US Treasury, we put in place two financing entities known as Maiden Lane II and III. Maiden Lane II addresses the RMBS concentration in our securities lending program and Maiden Lane III address the severe liquidity issues related to our financial products units multi-sector credit default swap exposure. After the establishment of these entities, we substantially stabilize the companys cash position and the liquidity crisis. Also in November, the US government revised and broadened the initial support provided in September to include among other things the purchase by the US Treasury of $40 billion in AIG preferred stock and improvement of the terms of the government credit facility. Now, why did the US government extend this assistance and why did they continue to do? Quite simply, the government believes and we do also that AIG is a systemically important financial institution. There are just too many people and too many institutions in the world that depend on the promise represented by an AIG commitment. The following is just a sampling of our global reach and our interconnectedness. We operate in more than 130 countries and jurisdictions and have approximately 74 million customers and policyholders. We are the worlds largest property casualty insurer. We are the largest provider of retirement savings for primary and secondary school teachers and healthcare workers. We have a $2 trillion financial products operation, with over $1 trillion of that amount concentrated with 12 major global financial institutions. We are one of the largest life insurance providers in the US and in Asia. We insure the property of 94% of the Fortune 500 companies. And we are the largest owner of airplanes in the world and the largest customer of Boeing and General Electrics Aircraft Maintenance Division, among others. If AIG were to fail, the impact on our customers and counterparties around the world would undermine an already unsettled global financial system. As I remarked in a number of occasions, insurance is the oxygen of the free enterprise system. So, our goal throughout all of this restructuring is to create a framework where AIG's individual companies can be part of the solution to the economys woes. In the aftermath of the November restructuring, we moved with urgency to set up an orderly process for marketing and divesting each unit that has been designated for sale. As you all can appreciate, its not a simple task to ready many multi-billion dollar businesses for sale, but weve done exactly that. However, market conditions make this a difficult time to execute a major divestiture program, particularly for cash. Economic and capital market conditions have continued to weaken in 2009. To give you some perspective, the life and health insurance index as one measure of the health of the investment-sensitive portion of our industry is down 52% year-to-date as of last Friday. Thats two months. And its down over 70% since I became CEO of AIG in late September. Todays announcement of new tools was designed to reflect this reality, namely, that it doesn't make sense to attempt to execute the most extensive corporate restructuring program in American history as if it were business as usual. Even though a wide range of potential buyers have expressed interest in many AIG businesses -- in fact, weve confirmed this interest in our releases today on AIA and ALICO -- the economic crisis had substantially limited the capacity of buyers to purchase the largest of these businesses by opening their depleted checkbooks. It has become much more difficult for companies to raise debt to finance acquisitions. And as potential buyers have seen their stock prices decline dramatically, these acquisitions would be much larger relative to the buyers shrinking market value. In addition, many of AIG's most attractive businesses are in Asia, but the American and European insurance companies, who have been most eager to enter the Asian markets, have been among the most hardest hit in terms of stock price declines. But these new tools should be helpful. The debt exchanges, securitizations and modifications to the pre-existing facilities, advance our restructuring plan while giving us more time to allow a recovery to take place, while maintaining our commitment to the divestitures. Id like to take a moment to share with you several conclusions about AIG that Ive reached in conjunction with the management team. First, we believe the companys overall conglomerate structure is simply too complicated, unwieldy and opaque for its component businesses to be well managed as a single mammoth corporation. That is particularly true in this economic environment. Second, AIG needs to take additional steps to maintain the viability of its core businesses and position them as clearly separate, independent entities worthy of investor confidence. Third, AIG needs to maintain flexibility in our divestiture process to maximize the value of our businesses over a longer time frame. The current weakness in the economy, in capital markets and the insurance industry are preventing natural buyers of AIG assets from being willing or able to pay prices for those assets that reflect their intrinsic value. And fourth, with appropriate US government support, AIG can restructure itself while protecting our policyholders and providing a return to the US taxpayer. So you ask, where do we go from here? With the new tools in place, we will continue to work with a sense of urgency to execute our plan. Our release today announced that we intend to offer a minority portion of our general insurance business to the public. With regard to the businesses that have been designated for sale, weve been gratified by the response from potential buyers, but we continue to weigh the possibility of public market sales of those businesses. We will look to securitize some portions of our domestic life insurance business. We really have an array of possibilities, and one of the key takeaways from this morning's meeting is the flexibility in our process. So over the next several years, depending on economic and market conditions, we will restructure AIG from a conglomerate to individual, self-governed businesses. As we do so, we will stay focused on the day-to-day operations of our businesses so that we remain competitive in our markets. Now Id like to address a few key questions that my colleagues and I have been asked repeatedly in recent days. Im hoping that everyone on this call now has the benefit of our press releases and our 10-K filing, but a couple of short explanations might help as well. First, how did the company post such a big loss in the fourth quarter? Let me break the $62 billion number into four broad categories in an effort to make it more understandable and then Ill ask our CFO, Dave Herzog, to provide some further explanation around the numbers. On the second page of our earnings release, there is table that summarizes the significant items in the quarter. They total about $64 billion, which is more than the reported loss. That table includes four broad categories. Restructuring related charges of just under $7 billion, market disruption related charges and losses of approximately $26 billion, accounting charges of $24.6 billion, and finally, the Fed credit line interest and amortization charges of $6.9 billion. Its important to note that many of these items are in fact non-cash items. Now, let me ask David to elaborate a little bit further on our fourth quarter results.
David Herzog: Thank you. Thank you, Ed. And good morning, everyone. Following Eds reference to the second page of the press release, Ill comment briefly on some of the items included in the table. And the first category of significant items totaling $6.7 billion relates to restructuring related activities. This category includes about $3.3 billion in charges resulting from the securities lending activities related to our exit from the domestic securities lending program and the closing of the Maiden Lane II transaction, as well as recorded losses for securities lending transactions during the quarter that did not qualify for loan accounting because of insufficient levels of collateral we received from counterparties. The second restructuring related item involves $3.4 billion, and these items were all on an after-tax bases -- in AIGFP unrealized market valuation losses, which represents mark-to-market losses from September 30 through October 31 on the super senior credit default swaps terminated in connection with the Maiden Lane III transaction. Moving to the second category, market disruption related items, which totaled about $26 billion. These include, among other things, about $13 billion of other-than-temporary impairment charges, a significant portion of which relates to the rapid and severe declines in our structured securities portfolio, particularly our commercial mortgage-backed securities. In addition, we had about a $4.4 billion charge related to AIGFPs credit valuation adjustment from mark-to-market fair value adjustments, where counterparty spreads increased, which reduced the fair value of the assets, and AIG's own credit spreads decreased, which increases the fair value of the liabilities. The third category of the accounting charges that Ed referred to, and these totaled about $25 billion. These include about $21 billion of tax-related charges mainly to increase the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets for tax benefits not obtained for losses incurred during the quarter and for foreign tax credit carryforwards. Goodwill impairment charges are driven primarily by declines in market values of our peer companies. And finally, the Fed credit interest and amortization charges of $6.9 billion included accelerated amortization of the prepaid commitment fee in connection with the reduction in the credit facility size from $85 billion to $60 billion as well as the periodic interest and amortization charges normally incurred. In total, as Ed said, we incurred roughly $64 billion in significant items for the quarter. However, our shareholders equity -- total shareholders equity totaled just short of $53 billion as of December 31, 2008. As weve mentioned in last quarters, we expect there to be some continued noise in our financial results from quarter to quarter related to restructuring related activities and ongoing market volatility. Ed?
Ed Liddy: Id say the first question was, how in the world do you lose $60 billion plus? The second question we are commonly asked is, how has AIG used the government support? After all, the government invested $44 billion in the two special purpose vehicles. They purchased $40 billion of AIG preferred stock and they have extended a credit line to the company of up to $60 billion. Now, recognize what I said before. We have drawn down only about $38 billion of that credit line. And in fact, our usage of that facility has been remarkably stable over the last roughly 2.5 to three months. The vast majority of these funds have passed through AIG to other financial institutions as we unwound transactions with them. Among other things, the cash was used to post collateral, to repay the government credit facility and third-party debt, to settle securities lending obligations, to purchase CDOs and terminate the corresponding credit default swaps. This flow of funds through AIG to other financial institutions is a good indication of how intertwined we are with the global capital markets, and how government actions that have been thought of as strictly assistance to AIG have benefited the entire financial sector. Working with our partners in the government, we really have provided more stability to the financial sector. We have used another portion of that cash to increase the capital of operating subsidiaries where necessary. In many cases, the funds have gone to strengthen the security of policyholders. Our goal remains unchanged. We want to protect our policyholders and we want to repay the dollars that have been extended to us from the Federal government. Third question we get, given the governments large investment in AIG, how is the company interacting with the government? Well, I think its obvious by the detailed nature of the tools that are being discussed today. We have worked closely with the Federal Reserve and Treasury in developing our restructuring plan and the actions announced today. I believe that these steps provide tangible evidence of the US government's commitment to the orderly restructuring of AIG over time in the face of continuing market dislocations and continuing economic deterioration. Orderly restructuring is essential to AIG's repayment of the support it has received from the US taxpayers and to preserving financial stability. The US government has stated that it is committed to continuing to work with AIG to maintain its ability to meet its obligations as they come due. We will be happy to respond to other questions when we open up the lines for Q&A in just a moment. But before we do that, I want to express our appreciation for the professionalism and attention from the officials at the US Treasury, the Federal Reserve and regulators around the world in working through this multi-step restructuring process. And I also owe a debt of gratitude to our employees, each and every one of you, for staying focused on the business despite the myriad distractions that are endemic to our situation. Thank you. And now we will take a few questions within the time remaining.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question will come from Michael Barry from Banc of America. Your line is open.
Michael Barry  Banc of America: Thank you for taking the questions. Actually I have two questions. The first one relates to the overall debt. And were trying to consider this debt load that being the AIG, Inc. debt load in light of the announced organizational changes. And specifically, we were wondering whether or not the ultimate plans include the assumption by or otherwise moving of some of the holdcos debt to those other holding companies created to house the various core insurance businesses. And along these lines, would you please discuss AIGFPs debt? In your most recent supplement, you categorize about $30 billion of AIGs total debt load as AIGFP borrowings and that excludes the match notes? And all of those AIGF borrowings are categorized as operating debt. What is the nature of the operation supporting this debt? And how can you get us comfortable that the guarantor will not ultimately be on the hook for repayment? And then I have a follow-up.
Ed Liddy: Michael, we are going to answer those two without a follow-up. Were going to spend more time on the first time and less time on the second one. First, we do not intend to take any of the unsecured debt and push it down to the operating subsidiaries. We do not intend to do that. The critical part -- one of the critical parts of this restructuring Id like you to focus on is, to the extent we are able to contribute the assets of AIA and ALICO into a trust, give a preferred interest in that trust for the Federal Reserve. That will allow us to make material progress in paying down the outstanding credit line. So that will remove that plus securitization plus probably some small amount of cash. That will remove whatever borrowings we have from the Federal Reserve. From a debt-to-equity standpoint, thats a great accomplishment. Second, restructuring the $40 billion of current TARP money so that it has greater equity contribution, improves the debt-to-equity characteristics. Third, the standby $30 billion, to the extent we need it, improves the equity characteristics. So the reason I walked you through that A, B, C answer is, you should just really concentrate on the debt-to-equity position of our company gets stronger and stronger with the execution of each of these particular items. Now, with respect to your question on FP, David, if you would -- or you or Elias, if you can quickly respond. What Id like not to do is spend too much time on that more technical issue. And Michael, if we dont answer your question satisfactorily, call back and we will do it on a one-off basis.
David Herzog: Good morning, Michael. Its David Herzog. The AIGFP debt, as you know, is we classify it as operating leverage, because the assets, the securities and the financial assets and the securities book at AIGFP are matched off against that. And we have a very well thought out and comprehensive restructuring plan well underway by our colleagues at AIGFP that will -- again, we will realize value on the assets to repay the debt. And to the extent there are shortfalls, we have the AIG, Inc. guarantee.
Michael Barry  Banc of America: Okay. And if I may, one quick other question. It seems as though AIG and the government have taken some fairly clear steps to disassociate the Asian life businesses and the general insurance businesses from the holdco and the financial services part of the organization. Why havent similar steps been taken for the domestic life companies?
Ed Liddy: There is considerably more value in AIA and ALICO and in the combination of foreign gen and commercial insurance. So, like most prudent people, we start with where the money is first and resolve those. There will be more of the securitizations that we talked about that will probably apply more specifically to the domestic life insurance companies.
Michael Barry  Banc of America: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Ed Liddy: Okay. Next.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Kumar from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Kumar  JPMorgan: Thank you. A couple of quick questions for you. There is a lot of discussion earlier in the call about the life companies and so on. Could you spend 30 seconds talking about your commitment to maintaining the business profile of I Lease and American General? They both have fair amounts of debt outstanding, they are not guaranteed by AIG, and the business proposition of American General Finance is obviously is quite different in the current environment. Could you comment on your commitment to that entity and also to International Lease, if you could give any color on these for the longer-term issues facing that industry and also the companys thoughts in terms of finding a likely buyer? And the last question I have, you can quickly touch on this. How much time do you have to pull this plan together and execute? Is it six months, a year, a year-and-a-half before the business franchise within the AIG's operating companies suffer?
Ed Liddy: Were going to do the last one first and then Paula will address the issues you raised in the initial part of your question. You know, wed like to do it tomorrow. But the practically reality is the marketplace is a pretty crummy place to be right now. You all see that with all the other companies. We are the largest insurance company in the United States; arguably one of the largest in the world. We have a massive portfolio thats in every asset class you can think of. When the world catches pneumonia, we get it too, in spades, because we are so large. We want to execute this plan in a diligent and deliberate fashion as quickly as we can. We are very sensitive to the erosion of our franchise value, and thats one of the reasons why we are combining the two property casualty entities into one and we want to give them a separate identity. We want to give them a separate identity and a separate governance structure. We want the financial strength of that company to be evident to all of the customers in that business so that we prevent franchise erosion. Our business unit leaders in every single business that we have, have worked unbelievably hard to make sure that we don't get franchise erosion. But the reality is you cant keep hearing in the press everyday negative news on AIG. There is so much positive in what weve been able to accomplish thus far, but it really kind of gets washed to the side and everything gets hit upon as more of a negative story. Our folks have done yeomans work trying to prevent the erosion of the franchise. Were going to do that. And the whole purpose of this plan is to prevent the erosion of the franchise. Now, Arun, with respect to the first couple of items.
Paula Reynolds: Arun, this is Paula Reynolds. We had a plan to do some restructuring at AGF all along. And we had a time frame that said that probably over a several year period we would make some decisions about restructuring that business. I think in light of global economic conditions and certainly the recession here in the United States, weve made a decision that were going to take a more accelerated look at what steps should be taken at AGF and we will actually kick that effort off this week. With respect to ILFC, there has been, of course, a swirl of rumors, because it is a small industry with a lot of gossip. But I am certainly prepared to confirm that there has been a high level of buyer interest in that business, and of course, that is a fabulous business with a great management team that has had a singular record of success over a long period of time in a very tough environment. We have in consultation with the US Government, agreed that if we can bring forth a qualified buyer group, that in fact there would be some form of backstop financing available through the Fed in order to facilitate that sale and carry the new owners with some secured financing over at least an interim period. So we think that it is still possible actually to move forward on that transaction. And then let me just sort of following up on Eds comment on saving the franchises, we operate in a world in which as you point out that there is a lot of yak about us every day. But we think that there can be no doubt based on the statements of the government, the affirmation that is emerging from the rating agencies and the structure of this deal that there is no doubt that there is going to be capital available to our company while they go through a restructuring. And while we have urgency around allowing them to have separate identities and build their management teams and their governance in place, the fact is the core problem that the marketplace has to ultimately focus on is whats the capital available for those businesses. Having put that issue aside, everything left around whats going on with these businesses is really all in the realm of gossip rather than hard fact. And we think that moving quickly to get these management teams in place and get that separate governance in place, wed be the last element that would restore confidence in what are great businesses.
Arun Kumar  JPMorgan: Yes. Just a real quick follow-up on American General Finance, and you mentioned that the potential for restructuring or reorganization that you will be working on fairly soon, the overall AIG enterprise has been very careful in maintaining the integrity of all your debt payments at the holding company in terms of the public debt, the $20-odd billion of public debt as well as all the debt of the different entities, including International Lease and American General Finance. As you go down the path of restructuring or reorganizing the American General Finance unit, would you continue to maintain the payment of the debt or maintain the integrity of all the public debt at that entity?
Paula Reynolds: I guess what I would say is there is no plan here to breach any covenants of the debt that we have in place. And after ultimately how that business will reform itself I think is all in the realm of study right now.
Arun Kumar  JPMorgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Ed Liddy: Next.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Citi. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker  Citi: Yes, thank you.
Ed Liddy: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Shanker  Citi: Good morning to you all. Im wondering if you can talk about timeline a little bit just to understand if there were going to be an IPO of the P&C business. How long do you think that you can, A, suffer from what might be erosion of the business? And weighing that government help and whatnot, when should we expect this sort of stuff to occur?
Ed Liddy: You know, Josh, I have found in my 37-year career that when you hold out to people the prospect of them being an independent entity, they run to it. They dont walk. Now having said that, it takes a while to get financial statements ready. You need some cooperation from the market. Id like -- I dont want to give you a specific answer. All I want to do is tell you we are very concentrated, focused on getting that done as soon as practical, particularly given the uncertain conditions within the marketplace. Is that going to take 9 to 12 months? Probably. Well do it as soon as practical. Id like to focus you in a slightly different place also. One of the critical elements of what weve announced is using the value of AIA and ALICO through a trust structure to repay the Federal Reserve. We want to do that very quickly. So, that could be a 60 to 90-day kind of thing because wed like the interest rate clock to stop. And in fact, wed like to have a pivot point where people understand we are serious about being able to accomplish these goals. So the timeline that we have in mind isnt necessarily focused only on what do we do with the property casualty business. Its focused on the totality of the plan.
Josh Shanker  Citi: Okay. Well, thank you very much. Good luck with this.
Ed Liddy: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Donna Halverstadt -- your line is open -- from Goldman Sachs.
Donna Halverstadt  Goldman Sachs: Good morning. A quick question related to ALICO and AIA. In the release that talks about the formation of the SPVs, it does say SPV plural, and then it talks about how you hold common interest in the SPVs. And then until subsequent divestment, AIA will remain a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIG, consolidated into AIG's reported financials. But it doesnt make a similar statement about ALICO. Are ALICO and AIA somehow being treated differently? Thats the first question. The second question, can you talk a little bit about how you think about the valuation of ALICO and AIA? Thank you.
Ed Liddy: Let me just start and then well chip in. No, they are not being treated differently. AIA is a little bit more organized for an IPO because of the way its been run in the past than ALICO is. But there is going to be two separate structures; ALICO in one and AIA in another. Were going to continue to entertain offers to purchase the entirety of those businesses, but we are not going to just sit and have that be the only possibly outcome. So it is our intent to treat them more similarly than it is dissimilarly.
Paula Reynolds: Let me go ahead and actually append to that, if I could. This is Paula again. There is a lot of complexity with respect to the tax issues associated with those two entities. And so our wording really is intended to reflect that. The issue of consolidation or deconsolidation is going to be fact specific to each of those entities. And so that has be worked through, but were really trying to give you some visibility to how we have assumed it for the purposes of the sort of pro forma look at the company for the time being. You know, we laughed last night. I said to Ed that it might be better to go to jail than it would be to have to deal with the intricacies of securities laws since we made announcements like this right now. But I think it is important to keep both Ed and me out of jail to point out that at this point we have to be in a mode where legally we would continue to look at alternatives because of the fact that we are not at a point where we can make a shelf for an IPO. So everything has to, as a practical matter, remain on the table. And in terms of timing, because I think I may as well go ahead and go back to Joshs question. As we look at timing, its a lot of work to get each of these companies to have standalone financial statements. And so its a combination of thinking through how quickly we can get that stuff done and which market might be more receptive to accepting an IPO right now. And frankly, the Asian markets right now do appear to be somewhat more robust than US markets. And so that obviously is another fact that remains on our mind as we think this all through. So, a lot of considerations in place. As Ed said, everybody is eager to establish that separate identity in governance, but of course we are going to do it in full accord of the securities laws, which are applicable to us around the world. And there are a million of them as we are learning right now.
Donna Halverstadt  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Adage Capital. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman  Adage Capital: Hi, Ed. I was hoping -- obviously there is a lot to digest here. Im not quite sure I have it all straight. Could you just correct me if I am wrong -- it seems like the Federal debt remaining essentially after this is all executed, that would be the $40 billion in preferred shares. And I think youre saying about $25 billion left in the credit facility for $65 billion. And if Im understanding -- the assets left to service that will be this new AIU Holdings, which is essentially the P&C company, ILFC, consumer finance and new business in the US life and retirement. Is that right or am I missing something?
Ed Liddy: No, youre close enough, Ian. I would just say -- I want to go back to your -- how you phrased the question because it may reflect how youre thinking about it. Remember, the $40 billion of TARP money is not debt. It is permanent preferred equity capital. Now, with the changes that we are making today, it has some common equity characteristics. It is not being converted to common. The only reason that I wanted to make sure you concentrate that on that is, debt is with the Federal Reserve, should be paid off by putting into trust the AIA and ALICO and securitizations and things of that nature. The preferred has a little bit longer timeframe to run. The second thing I would say is, also included in the holding company or whats left in the business is the upside on an AIA and ALICO, the upside on the Maiden Lane II and III, the 80% unless and until thats a smaller number of AIU Holdings. So there is a lot of formidable assets and earnings power there.
Ian Gutterman  Adage Capital: Okay, that's fair. I worded it a little bit poorly. I guess -- I take your point on the preferred. I guess I was trying to think about -- eventually you are going to want to pay that off hopefully. And so I guess I was just looking at $65 billion to pay off over time and the earnings power of the remaining businesses. Is there enough earnings power to pay those preferreds off over time?
Ed Liddy: There is either enough earnings power or enough asset value to satisfy those debts over time depending upon how the markets evolve.
Ian Gutterman  Adage Capital: Okay. And then just quickly, I noticed the retained earnings went negative this quarter. Are there any covenants related to retained earnings at the parent?
David Herzog: This is David. No, there are not.
Ian Gutterman  Adage Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Frost from HSBC. Your line is open.
Scott Frost  HSBC: Hi, I have a couple questions here. Just to be clear, after the transfer of the life assets, are you saying that your Fed facility will be undrawn, zero outstanding. Is that correct? And I wanted to distinguish too between the potential collateral posting requirements and the termination that might require you to post additional collateral? Im reading you have probably $11 billion in cumulative collateral posting requirements if you were to be hit by three notches, 10, 2 and 8 if you were hit by one notch. But on the termination events, roughly $38 billion, can you -- you dont -- you say you cant estimate in the K, but can you give us an idea right now what it would be? If you were to -- what would you be required to post in terms of cash or equivalents in outlays if that were to take place, notwithstanding the agency's comments today? And the last one is, how are you thinking of treatment of currently outstanding hybrid and capital securities at the holding company?
Ed Liddy: Okay, Scott. Let me take them in the order in which you asked them. The current balance on the Federal Reserve borrowing is approximately $38 billion. That will be satisfied by putting AIA and ALICO into the trust and providing the preferred interest to the Federal Reserve on that. Asset securitizations, in our release, weve indicated that the first of those has potential value of $26 billion and the asset securitizations have values of about $8.5 billion. And then it would require some cash from other asset sales. And that would satisfy the currently outstanding $38 billion. We will continue to have available to us the roughly $20 billion remaining under that Federal facility as a liquidity facility if and when we need it. That would address the point that Paula made before about an ILFC backstop of some sort. So, to the extent we need that standby liquidity, it could come from the $20 billion that weve not drawn down from the Federal Reserve. Lost in this process -- and I really want to emphasize it to you all, we continue to have an active and robust sale process for many of our smaller assets. Only at AIG can an asset sale of $2 billion to $3 billion to $5 billion be characterized as small. But as Paula mentioned, on ILFC, there is a very robust process there. And Star and Edison or Personal Lines or some of our third-party asset management businesses, we will generate cash from these asset sales. The reality is that the really large and most valuable assets in terms of their book value or their equity value, what have you, thats whats causing people to somewhat gag because they dont have the capital to be able to do it. So we are feeling quite good about our ability to be able to repay the outstandings on the Federal Reserves -- the Federal Reserve borrowing. With respect to the collateral posting, David, maybe you can help me with that one?
David Herzog: Yes. Scott, you saw the disclosure in the K with the various rating levels that ticks down, which total to about 11. Then there are some termination features in a multitude of the FP contracts. Again, most of those, I believe, are triggered by the ratings, which are now -- you've seen the press releases this morning from the major rating agencies but for A.M. Best, but thats not relevant for the FP-related references. So the discussion, again, it is very difficult because some of those trades have to be replaced at market levels and thats what makes it so difficult in order to estimate what they are. Elias, do you want to add anything to that?
Scott Frost  HSBC: Let me back up a second. So its really the difference between where the mark is on the $38 billion -- and the $38 billion that had plus whatever collateral youve posted. So what Im trying to get a sense for is, what sort of percentage of notional do you see? Is it 10%, 20% that youd have to pony up in case that were to happen in the future? I know that -- I mean, the rating actions were fairly positive for you guys. Im sure thats a great load off. But just to give an idea of what would be -- I know -- the way I read it, unless the underlying value of the asset is zero, you dont have to post the full $38 billion. And I also read that you have a $161 billion of the $300 billion still currently outstanding where you have had those collateral posting requirements eliminated or the termination provisions eliminated. Is that correct too?
Elias Habayeb: This is Elias Habayeb. Let me clarify it. Within the credit derivative portfolio at AIGFP, we have about $38 billion in notional debt. If we get downgraded down to the BBB range, the counterparties have the right to terminate these contracts. The contracts get terminated at market values, and the liquidity effect is the difference between what weve posted previously as collateral and where that termination value is.
Scott Frost  HSBC: Whats the difference between that number and the notional amount? In other words, where are you marking these things right now?
Elias Habayeb: We mark them to where we think the market is and --
Scott Frost  HSBC: Yes. Whats that level in terms of the $38 billion?
Elias Habayeb: I dont have -- we dont have that broken out, but youve got in the 10-K where weve marked each of the credit derivative portfolios. Now, we came with an estimate of what that cost would be to us if we were downgraded and they exercised their termination rights. And our estimate is included in the $8 billion to $11 billion in the front end of the Risk factors. So the $8 billion to $11 billion incorporates where we think possibly the net liquidity effect on us would be.
Scott Frost  HSBC: I see, okay. Thank you.
Elias Habayeb: From that perspective. On the $161 million is -- within the portfolio is that many of our contracts are subject to credit support annexes, is the documents, where either they are eligible right now to require us to post collateral, or subject to further triggers, we may be required a future date to post collateral. The amount of collateral weve posted and how the collateral is calculated has been all disclosed in the 10-K. And if you go through the section on the super senior credit derivative portfolio, it gives you the numbers and the methodologies that are employed to calculate how much collateral we have to post.
Scott Frost  HSBC: Okay.
Ed Liddy: Scott, were going to do quickly the third part of your question, which was on hybrids.
Scott Frost  HSBC: Thank you.
Ed Liddy: And if you would repeat that question, I would appreciate it.
Scott Frost  HSBC: Its just sort of a general kind of open-ended, how are you thinking of treating the hybrid or capital securities issues in the holding company? I mean, how do you contemplate looking at those issues?
Ed Liddy: There is no change in our view at this time. We will continue to evaluate the companys capital structure in light of this mornings announcements and well make announcements when appropriate.
Scott Frost  HSBC: Thank you.
Ed Liddy: Next.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lionel Tritalou [ph] -- your line is open -- from Insight Investment.
Lionel Tritalou  Insight Investment: Hi, just to come back on these hybrid securities until you make an announcement about what you do with them. (inaudible) a coupon on them.
Ed Liddy: Yes, we do.
Lionel Tritalou  Insight Investment: Okay. And the other question is, going forward and given the different SPVs and holdcos you have created, what is AIG likely to look like in, say, five years time?
Ed Liddy: Lionel, five years is a really long time. And its going to be very dependent upon what happens within the markets. But -- and lets just go through what weve already -- what weve put in our various releases and what weve talked about here this morning. We expected AIA and ALICO will not be a part of AIG going forward. They could be owned by another party. They could be owned by -- they could be public. They could be owned by a consortium. There is a whole series of outcomes in that. We hope to get up to 19.9% of our combined property-casualty operations either issued to the public. I suppose you could have a consortium buy that as well. All of the other stuff thats within AIG, much of it is for sale. There is upside in the continuing interest in Maiden Lane II and III. There is upside -- we retain 100% of the upside on AIA and ALICO because we are the common shareholder. Remember, the government owns 79.9% of us, but there is kind of a circular logic to that. What we want to do is, in that time frame, well within that time frame, we want to protect every single policyholder we have. We want to pay back the Federal Reserve debt and we want to make a meaningful dent in redeeming the preferred TARP dollars that are out there. I think this plan enables us to do that.
Lionel Tritalou  Insight Investment: Okay. And maybe the last question is, what about the CP program that was drawn? And do you think you will be able to benefit from that going forward? Its related to (inaudible).
Ed Liddy: Yes. I guess you are referring to the CPFF, which we have several participants in our asset-backed program up at -- in connection with our Aspect programs at FP. Its about $8 billion. Again, with this mornings announcements with respect to our ratings, we continue to participate and we have other fundings at the AIG, Inc. level, which is about $6 billion to $7 billion. Again, we will look to continue to participate in that.
Lionel Tritalou  Insight Investment: Okay, thanks.
Ed Liddy: Operator, were going to take two more questions.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ryan Lee -- your line is open -- from Barclays Capital.
Tom Walsh  Barclays Capital: Hi, guys, its Tom Walsh from Barclays. A couple of questions. One, Paula, you might have given the number before. I think I missed it. Did you guys give an equity number, combined equity number or split equity number between ALICO and AIA at year-end? Is there actually a book value number that you have disclosed?
Paula Reynolds: No, there is not. And when Ed -- the number that Ed gave was an aftermath thats been provided by the Federal Reserve of how much they would be willing to lend into these SPVs representing some percentage of value associated with these two companies. So that $26 billion number is just the amount that they are willing to lend into the SPVs and does not at all reflect anything about valuation of the individual companies or the aggregate value.
Tom Walsh  Barclays Capital: So would you be willing to describe that as a premium to book or a discount or --?
Paula Reynolds: I wouldnt want to characterize it as anything other than its what the Fed is going to lend. And I guess I would say you can feel good about your central banker because your central banker doesnt lend on a 100% or more of value.
Tom Walsh  Barclays Capital: Okay. And just on the debt service question, with AIA and ALICO, Ed, as you describe, being your better assets, moving away, and I think as you hinted at as well, Ed, your US life subs being a little bit of a tough straits, particularly with negative unassigned funds balances and weaker RBC ratios and weakened RBC ratios even at the property casualty businesses. Just trying to get a better understanding on where the debt service on an ongoing basis will come from, which subsidiaries.
Ed Liddy: Let me -- let me go back. AIA and ALICO -- of the businesses that we have heretofore had for sale, AIA and ALICO are the largest. You should not conclude from that that there isnt enormous value in the foreign gen and commercial insurance business. So let me just first make that qualification. The -- whatever percentage our remaining interest is in the AIU Holdings, thats obviously a source of capital and cash. Whatever the source is of the remaining holdings in AIU or ALICO, that could be a source of cash. There is enough either debt service or asset value for us to take care of the unsecured debt and to make a meaningful progress in repaying the TARP dollars that have been invested in us.
Tom Walsh  Barclays Capital: All right. Maybe that would be final question. Ed, would you care to characterize how much net asset value from a book perspective is left in AIG net of the portion you are selling in ALICO and AIA?
Ed Liddy: I would not like to characterize that, no.
Tom Walsh  Barclays Capital: Thanks very much.
Ed Liddy: Operator, we will do the last questions.
Operator: Richard Semone [ph] from Old Mutual. Your line is open.
Richard Semone  Old Mutual: My question has been answered. Sorry. Thank you.
Ed Liddy: Okay. Listen, thanks for your participation. I do want to bring this to a close. Let me just say a couple of things if I can. Its easy to look at the AIG story and conclude that we just dont seem to be able to make any progress because we are on our roughly third iteration of help from the Federal government. I would like you all to conclude that that is not the case. Back in September, our company faced one of the worst liquidity crises I think any institution has ever faced. In fact, we are still alive. We got through that liquidity crisis. As a result of our hard work with our partners at the Fed and the Treasury, the liquidity and cash position really is in quite good shape. Whats happening to us now is happening to every other life insurance company, any other company that has long dated assets. Its happening to homeowners, its happening to people who have 401(k) plans. Asset values around the globe are in free fall. Hopefully, much of what the Obama administration has put in place and other governments and central bankers around the globe will begin to put a floor under that. We are not sitting still in the face of that free fall. What were trying to do is get ahead of the issues and position our company in our way that we can preserve all of the valuable franchises that we have. Our company is different, and I know that everyone says they are different. And please forgive me for using a tired refrain. But our operating businesses underneath the holding company are very, very solid. And all of our work with the Federal Reserve and Treasury is intended to keep those businesses solid so that we can recognize the value in those franchises and use it to pay back first the Federal Reserve and then redeem money thats been extended to us from TARP. From that standpoint, we are uniquely different than any other financial institution that is in trouble. And it is our intent to keep those operating units rock solid. By doing that, we will achieve the three basic goals we have had in the five months, 5.5 months that Ive been here. We want to protect every single policyholder that we have, either an individual or corporate policyholder. In the United States of America if you owe people money, you pay it back. Thats what you do. Thats what the 116,000 people of AIG are committed to doing. And third, we want to have a vision for the future for as many of our 116,000 employees as is humanly possible. They have done yeoman's work in getting us to where we are and Ill ask them to please help us get through the next round of this. What this set of tools, set of solutions does is it takes much of our restructuring plan out of the capital markets arena where there is such softness and such an inability to effect a solution, and puts it more into the world of intrinsic values, which we can debate with our partners at the Federal Reserve and the Treasury. It puts us in a very strong position, but who knows what happens in the future. I would have never predicted back in September that the valuation of life insurance companies would have gone down by 70%. There has to be a floor at some point in time. When that floor is hit and things begin to improve, this company, the taxpayers, our shareholders will be well served by that. So I thank you for your patience this morning. Good day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect at this time. And thank you for participating.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Charlene M. Hamrah - VP and Director of IR Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and CEO David L. Herzog - EVP and CFO Nicholas C. Walsh - EVP - Foreign General Insurance Edmund Tse - Senior Vice Chairman - Life Insurance Christopher J. Swift - VP and CFO - Life Insurance & Retirement Services
Analysts: John Levin - Levin Capital Andrew Kligerman - UBS Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Scott Frost - HSBC Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is bring recorded, if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now, I would like to turn the meeting over to your host for today's call Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Ma'am you may begin.
Charlene M. Hamrah - Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Before we begin, it should be noted that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning certain financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to special purpose vehicles formed with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. As such dispositions, liquidity, collateral posting requirements, management operations, products and services and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections and statements. Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ, possibly materially from those in the specific projections and statements include developments in global credit markets and such factors as are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of AIG's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Item 2 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of AIG's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2008. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Remarks made on the conference call may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures will be included in the third quarter financial supplement available in the Investor section of AIG's corporate website. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Ed Liddy, AIG's Chairman and CEO.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks and good morning everyone. We have a really an awful lot to cover this morning so bear with us; we are going to try to do all this in about an hour. I think that will leave time for many of your questions if we don't get to them, I invite you to call Charlene at the conclusion of the meeting. Sorry all for the play traffic, but if you turn off all Blackberries and things like that near your phones; it will make it possible for everyone else to hear. On October 3rd, scant five weeks ago, sometimes, it seems like five years, I laid out an initial game plan to address AIG's immediate liquidity problems, to divest assets to repay the government loan, to refocus AIG on its historic strengths, and to restore the company to profitability. At that point, there were a number of unresolved issues that still needed to be addressed. We've been hard at work since then and that work has resulted in the very comprehensive plan we announced this morning in conjunction with the U.S. Treasury, the Federal; Reserve Board, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. We believe this plan is win - win. It sends a strong signal to our policyholders, to governments and the regulators around the world to our business party... partners and counterparties that AIG is in fact on the road to recovery. It gives us a durable capital structure both now and in the future. It addresses the liquidity issues that have threatened AIG. It gives us greater financial flexibility to complete our restructuring for the benefit of all our constituencies. It gives U.S. tax payers a very attractive return on preferred stock, and debt investments in AIG as well as the potential for gains on asset purchases and the future appreciation in AIG common shares which they own. This plan represents a substantial progress over the past six weeks its part of a multi-year journey of which today is really is the second milestone. The third milestone will be the business divestitures and I will talk a little bit more about those in a moment. The subsequent phases of our plan will include appropriately recapitalizing the company after the federal credit facility is paid down. So all investors should recognize that this would be a several year process tied in no small part to the recovery of financial markets around the world. But importantly, following the restructuring transactions we are announcing today, we will have the stability to restore confidence in our global franchise. Business partners and customers can confidently continue to place business with us. Before I go into the details of the restructuring plan and AIG's third quarter results, I want to take this opportunity to clarify certain facts that may have been inaccurately characterized or may have been quite simply misunderstood. I know that many of you have tried to piece together information from different sources to understand the big picture. Our goal on this call is to give you the information you need to clearly understand the plan announced today in its totality as well as each of its components. There is also a substantial amount of detail in our 10-Q which was released this morning. Now, in particular I'd like to focus on just a couple of key points. First, our indebtedness to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York under the original bridge loan currently stands at $61 billion. There have been reports citing indebtedness as high as $123 billion. To get to this number commentators are adding together the $85 billion of total capacity available under the bridge loan and the $37.8 billion available will not currently borrowed under the securities lending facility. We do have 19.9 billion outstanding under that facility but the Federal Reserve Bank of New York holds collateral in the form of third party investment grade securities from our portfolio. So it's apples and oranges that are being compared here. As evidence of why the two amounts should not be added together, the Federal Reserve is now providing an alternate mechanism that will completely extinguish the $37.8 billion facility. Second, the terms of the restructuring are commercial in nature. All of the facilities being provided by the U.S. government are at market rates. Third, as we anticipated to undertake such a dramatic restructuring of the company's businesses, our quarterly earnings are showing, and may continue to exhibit substantial volatility reflecting the unprecedented conditions in global financial markets. Nevertheless, there is stability in our underlying insurance business not withstanding catastrophe losses in competitive market conditions. Our insurance companies remain disciplined in their underwriting, they are well capitalized and they continue to meet or exceed all regulatory requirements. Last, because these businesses remain strong, disciplined, well sequenced process of divestitures has been undertaken. The interest of the tax payers as well as the shareholders and bondholders of AIG will be best served by our ability to offer our remarkable assets for sale as market conditions permit. We expect to announce several key dispositions this year, proving that good deals can get done in this marketplace. But while we will report our progress and announce deals, we will not share a specific schedule for divestitures. Now, let me turn to our discussion of the plan. This plan is designed to accomplish a number of objectives. It creates a durable capital structure for AIG with new equity capital and substantially reduced debt. These are good things. The terms of the debt are restructured to give AIG a lower cost of capital as well as some financing breathing room. The plan directly addresses our securities lending and multi-sector CDO issues. It puts AIG in a much better position to successfully execute our divestiture plan and to emerge as a global insurance company. The plan addresses all of these issues while giving tax payers both an attractive current return on their investment in AIG and the potential for upside from the assets purchased from AIG and in AIG common stock. It is not exactly a bailout. Let me walk you through the current funding sources and how they will change as a result of the restructuring. I think you know when I just hinted at or mentioned there are three components of the current structure. First, we presently have an $85 billion, two-year bridge loan facility from the Federal Reserve Bank in New York against which $61 billion is currently outstanding. That $61 billion carries a LIBOR plus 8.5 and the commitment fee of 2% and the fee on the undrawn portion of 8.5%. Clearly, these terms are not sustainable. Second, we have $37.8 billion securities lending facility from the Federal Reserve of New York, with $19.9 billion currently outstanding and as noted earlier this amount is fully collateralized, it's a liquidity facility not a loan. Third, we are participating in the government's commercial paper funding facility, that's a temporary facility designed to restore liquidity in the commercial paper market. We have an approved line of $20.9 billion, with $8 billion currently outstanding. Note that this is a broadly available program, not a program specific to AIG. Many of America's largest companies are also participating in this program because the commercial paper market simply is not working. The next slide provides a schematic of the comprehensive plan we've announced today. What I think about this plan is as a combination of ongoing financing, which is shown on the top part of the page; and one-time transactions, which are shown on the bottom half. Let's start with the ongoing financing that has several components. First, the U.S. Treasury will purchase $40 billion of newly issued AIG preferred stock. The preferred has a 10% coupon. All the proceeds will be used to pay down a portion of the Federal Reserve credit facility that is currently outstanding. Second, the size of the current credit facility will be amended to reduce the capacity from 85 billion to 60 billion. Its terms will be extended from two years to five years and the interest rate and fee on undrawn portions will be reduced to LIBOR plus 3% on the drawn portion, which will be approximately $21 billion at the outset, and the fee on the undrawn portion will be reduced to 0.75%. Third, AIG will continue to participate in the commercial paper funding facility. That's the ongoing portion. On the bottom of the slide, are diagrams of two one-time transactions we will undertake in partnership with the Federal Reserve. These transactions are designed to address our liquidity issues related to securities lending in multi-sector CDSs. And the last is the securities lending solution, and first just let me remind you how the problem developed and then discuss the solution. In our securities lending program AIG, like most institutional investors lends securities from our portfolios to third parties who will give us cash collateral in return. We invest the cash collateral for the term of the loan. Much of the collateral was invested in residential mortgage-backed securities. With the turmoil in the housing and mortgage markets, these RMBSs have declined sharply in price to levels well below those implied by the underlying cash flows they are producing. When securities lending trades expire or are unwound, we have to return cash to our counterparties, in this case the combination of an ill-liquid market for RMBSs and the attended market value pressures resulted in unprecedented liquidity pressures. This has been a major source of our liquidity short falls. To address this issue, we and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York are creating a new financing entity that will be capitalized with $1 billion of funding from AIG and up to $22.5 billion of funding from the Federal Reserve. This entity will acquire substantially all of the RMBSs from AIG's securities lending program. It's really important that you note, as a result of this transaction, AIG's remaining exposure to losses from its U.S. securities lending program will be limited to declines in market value prior to the closing of this entity and our $1 billion of funding. Similarly, on the bottom right hand portion of slide 3, there is a diagram of our solution to the multi-sector credit default swap issue. Again let me summarize how the problem developed, then explain how the solution addresses the problem. AIG has written credit default swaps against collateralized debt obligations or CDOs which our securities backed by pools of debt. Our credit default swap is essentially an insurance policy which reimburses the holder of the CDO for specified covered events. There are two problems that have developed with our CDSs. First, even though defaults on the securities and loans in the underlying pools haven't risen to levels that have required us to incur significant credit losses, the market prices of the underlying CDOs have declined sharply. As a result, we've been required to write-down our CDS positions. This write-down has caused hits to AIG's equity, which in turn contributed to credit ratings downgrades. Second, our credit default swap contracts also specify that under certain conditions, we have to post cash collateral to our counterparties. This confluence of events has been particularly acute in our multi-sector credit default swaps, which account for less than 25% of our total swap portfolio, but about 95% of our write-downs. So to address this issue, we and the Federal Reserve Board will create a second financing entity that will purchase up to approximately $70 billion face amount of multi-sector CDOs on which AIG has written credit default swaps. As I mentioned approximately 95% of the write-downs AIG financial products has taken to-date is in its CDS portfolio, these were the ones related to the multi-sector CDO. AIG will provide up to $5 billion in subordinated funding, and the Federal Reserve will provide up to $30 billion in senior funding to the financing entities. The CDS contracts will be terminated on multi-sector CDOs that are purchased, and again importantly as a result of this transaction AIG's remaining exposure to losses will be limited to declines in market values of multi-sector CDOs prior to the pricing date of establishing this entity and to our... up to $5 billion funding. Now, AIG will continue to have exposure to CDS contracts on multi-sector CDOs that are not terminated, and as AIG winds down its financial products division, it will also have exposure to other types of remaining CDS contracts, but these have generated substantially smaller total collateral demands than the CDSs in our multi-sector CDOs. So to sum up, the plan we announced today represents a significant step forward for AIG. We still have a lot of work to do to execute this plan. And ultimately, transition to a restructured and recapitalized AIG. But, today's agreements put us in an improved position to succeed and emerge as a focused profitable global insurance company. Before moving on to earnings, let me briefly turn you to slide 4. I will dwell on this slide, but I will merely offer this perspective. The American tax payer has and will be offered considerable returns as a result of the restructuring of AIG. Now, let's turn to a review of third quarter results. Dave Herzog is going to take you through the numbers in a minute but first, I want to give you some perspective on the quarter. The loss we've reported reflects a confluence of really unprecedented events, rather than the core earnings power of AIG's insurance businesses. The strengths of our global franchise allowed us to continue to write significant amounts of new business this quarter. Despite financial market turmoil, continuing price competition in property casualty and all of negative publicity about AIG, our consolidated premiums and other considerations were still $21 billion, up almost 7% from last year. Foreign General had a strong quarter with net premiums written up 11.5%. In Domestic Life, premiums, deposits and other considerations were up nearly 14%. We did see some top-line pressure in the domestic commercial insurance business and Chris will have a couple of comments on that in a few moments. This reflected market concerns following the September 6th announcement as well as our decision, which we communicated to our brokers that we would maintain underwriting discipline and markets, where rates were not adequate to generate appropriate returns. There are now indications that the situation in commercial insurance begin to stabilize in October and our prices are gaining traction in the market. All of our insurance businesses are making a concerted effort to get in front of customers and brokers to address their concerns. Today's announcement should alleviate many of those concerns and put our businesses in a much better position going forward. Nevertheless, AIG's exposure to the U.S. housing market and associated financial instruments has materially undermined our financial performance. And now let me turn it over to Dave Herzog, who will take you through the significant items affecting reported earnings in the quarter. Dave?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ed and good morning, everyone. AIG reported the third quarter loss of over $24 billion after making the usual adjustments for net realized capital gains or losses and FAS 133, our adjusted net loss for the quarter was $9.2 billion. This is the largest quarterly loss we've ever reported and it reflects the extreme dislocations and volatility in the capital markets and significant charges related to restructuring activities that I will comment on more in a minute as well as catastrophe losses. First, with respect to realized capital losses which totaled $18.3 billion before tax. The primary driver was other than temporary impairment charges of about 19.9 billion before tax. Securities lending related OTTI amounted to roughly 11.7 billion of which almost 7 billion stems from our decision to change our intent to hold such securities in light of the solutions that are announced this morning. More detailed discussion of the OTTI charges is included in our Form 10-Q that we filed this morning. There is a table on page 2 of the earnings release which is also included as an appendix to the earnings presentation. This table details the major items affected both reported and adjusted earnings for the quarter. These items are also discussed in more detail in our Form 10-Q. In the interest of time I am not going to describe each of the items in the table. If you would like more information, once you've had a chance to review our 10-Q, again, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations. I think it's helpful to think about these charges in three broad categories. The first category relates to capital markets disruption. The biggest item in this category is the $7.5 billion charge related to AIGFP, mostly due to the marks on the credit default swap portfolio. The restructuring plan we announced this morning will limit losses on this portion of the AIGFP portfolio and Ed described that earlier. The second category is charges related to restructuring activities. The largest item in this category is a provision for deferred income taxes related to certain of our foreign businesses for sale, but we can no longer assert for tax purposes that we will reinvest profits and definitely in tax jurisdictions outside the U.S. As a result we've recorded a charge of about $3.6 billion. The third category includes other noteworthy items the largest of which is our catastrophe losses related to hurricanes Gustav and Ike, totaling about $1.4 billion. Given the industries Cat loss this season this loss is inline with the industry. And finally, I wanted to mention the $23 billion increase to additional paying capital, this represents the fair value of consideration received for preferred stock but not yet issued in conjunction with the entering of the Fed credit facility. And with that I will turn it back over to Ed.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As you know back in... on October 3rd we announced what we would look like when we emerge from this crisis and we will emerge from it. And that is we would have a Foreign Gen business or commercial insurance and a continuing ownership interest in AIA. I thought what I would do is ask Chris Moore [ph] and Nick Walsh to talk about the commercial insurance and foreign gen. The only reason we are not talking about AIA or any of the other businesses is that all of those businesses are either in total or in part for sale and I thought it wise to simply not go into those conservations. So first let me turn it over to Chris [ph] for couple of comments on the commercial insurance business.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you, Ed. I appreciate this opportunity to discuss with you the state of our commercial insurance operations. There has been misinformation about the performance of these businesses in the marketplace, but I am happy to report the facts to you today. There is no doubt that the days surrounding September 16th were difficult, but thanks to the extraordinary efforts of commercial insurance employees, our businesses have performed well. The tremendous support from the insurance brokerage community and our many customers has been gratifying. In the two weeks after September 16th, we were able to speak to tens of thousands of brokers and customers to address their most immediate concerns with the following facts. First, commercial insurance maintains an exceptionally strong financial position, distinguished by its highest statutory policyholder surplus among its U.S. peers. Second, our investment portfolio is conservative. Third, no part of commercial insurance is for sale. And fourth, policyholder interests are protected by state regulators, who have made strong public statements supporting our financial strength. These efforts have helped us retain a vast majority of accounts. In September, account retention was down approximately 6.5% compared to September 2007. October's retention was down modestly from the previous October and that variance improved from September. New business writings year-to-date through August has been declining approximately 20% from our delivered decision to maintain underwriting discipline in competitive market conditions. In September, new business was down an additional 10%. October was consistent with September. That said, we continue to write a substantial amount of new business in both months. While it's true that our counsel market as they have always been, it is also true that our franchise is intact and we continue to retain and win business, which speaks volumes about the extent of our offerings and depth of our customer relationships. I want to make an additional point very clear; commercial insurance is not sacrificing underwriting integrities to retain market share. In fact, our actuarial report shows that year-to-date rate change through September was a negative 10%, while key indicators for October confirmed several points of rate improvement compared to September. Terms and conditions continue to remain stable. I believe that allegations of excessive price cutting are coming from certain carriers frustrated of their inability to win significant market share from us. Thankfully, customers continue to choose to do business with commercial insurance, because of our unique market strengths, which are not easily replicated and include a strong balance sheet, the broadest product selection with over 450 products and services and innovative culture, its worth noting that we launched 40 new products and services since September 16th. Commitment of these... 40 years of experience in most complex lines such as property, D&O and excess casualty, a large and experienced in-house claim staff, and AIG service infrastructure that regularly engages customers around the globe. But perhaps the greatest of advantage is our over 12,000 dedicated professionals. It is not surprising that this seasoned staff is highly sought after by competitors. Of the more than 700 employees in the senior manager ranks, recent turnover is less than 6 %. Any open positions have been quickly and suitably filled. It is our top priority to ensure a bright future for all employees, and we have a number of initiatives in place to just to do just that. We know full well that our business and people are highly valued by competitors. This is not new given our decades long leadership in the industry. However, I truly believe that out team continues to prove itself they are fighters. Our results and key performance indicators support the fact that out business is strong and we maintain a leading market position though we will not relax, we will continue to earn our customers business every single day. Finally, with the changes announced today by AIG I believe that our greatest remaining challenge the uncertainty of our parent's financial situation will be behind us, and we will be free to compete on the merits of this great franchise. Nick?
Nicholas C. Walsh - Executive Vice President - Foreign General Insurance: As revenue where markets it's important point to remember that the Foreign Gen portfolio is well balanced with approximately half of our business coming from commercial, and half from consumer alliance. There is obviously a different pricing dynamic between these two segments with much of consumer lines being much less sensitive to rate movements and market volatility. Turning specifically to the third quarter results Foreign Gen delivered an underwriting profit of $99 million or the 96.7 combined, excluding the impact of the unusually high level of catastrophe losses, the underwriting profit was 232 million at a 92 - 97% combined. This compares with combined ratio of 88.78 in the third quarter of '07. With regard to rate movements, we've always been known and are still known for our superior technical underwriting discipline and capability. We have maintained our discipline over the years, and have not changed this in the current environment. For Commercial Alliance business, the market remains broadly soft, and in most regions rate reductions average around 10%. We will continue to service our customers and deliver world-class underwriting results with the desirable combined ratio. Our business retention remains strong, even exceeding 90% in some areas. We are achieving this by the support and loyalty of our long-term partners, customers, intermediaries and sponsors. Not by cutting rates despite the claims of certain competitors and despite competitor attempts to restrict our access to business and deprive customers of choice. We are maintaining the right technical pricing as we have always done. At the same time our new business is down in some areas, we are winning new business and growing our base in a number of regions. For example, we had two record weeks for sales in AIG and AIG direct consumer lines business in October and despite the attacks on our D&O book, we also managed to close a new trophy D&O accounts in Germany. With strategy and competition is price, there are examples of companies offering the assumption of portfolios blind at a big rate discount. This is flattering to our underwriting process. Price appears to be their only differentiator as we are not beatable on service, breadth of product or professional claims response. Our stock turnover is close to normal levels due to our bench strength, we have instantly been able to replace the few senior people who left, with very experienced and capable business leaders, despite the recent events we are still hiring new people to support our global franchise, retention and growth strategies. We have had a continuous dialogue with our regulators around the world who have been very supportive. They are doing their job and making sure the policyholders are protected and we are fully cooperating with their requests. In summary, the core Foreign Gen insurance operations once again produced good top-line growth and an underwriting profit, despite the unusually high level of catastrophe losses. Unprecedented conditions in the financial markets impacted our results, nevertheless we remain committed to our growth strategies and look forward to continuing to serve our customers and producers around the world. Thanks.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Nick, this is David, I just want to amplify on a point I made earlier. The borrowings under the commercial paper funding facility as of November 5th splitted 15.2 billion. Ed?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We are ready to take your questions. It will make great sense if we kind of divide the Q&A into two sessions. Let's first take any questions you might have about the announcement we had with the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve and then we will save time for any questions and answers that you might have with respect to our results for the third quarter. Charlene I am not quite sure how to do that. I don't want to lose their place in line. We'll try not to make that happen, but let's again, let's start with first any questions you might have regarding the relationships with the U.S. government entities. So first question. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from John Levin, with Levin Capital. Your line is open.
John Levin - Levin Capital: Hi, Mr. Liddy, John Levin. Thank you very much for recognizing me. I think that Dave's announcement is absolutely a step in the right direction for which I absolutely congratulate you for. That is not had any comment about all the other aspects of the process that have occurred, but the conceptual question would be this, with the many change in this process, from the beginning. It seems to me that the outcome is uncertain because the financial markets and the marks, not just losses but so much could change depending on mortgages, that it will be desirable to have the federal government looks like this transfer of 25 or 30 or $35 billion to the federal government. So that their outcome would also be tiered such that they would get 10 or 15 billion back, maybe the first 10 or 15 but if the equity turned to be out hugely valuable, it will be scaled since the government interest came down a 60% or 40% or 30%. My point is some scaling, which seem to be appropriate given the variables?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: John, I guess I have two comments. First, you are correct. I very much view this as a journey and this is kind of the second or third stop on that journey and it's a good stop.
John Levin - Levin Capital: I agree.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The journey is going to go through some uncharted waters called what happens to the liquidity in the financial marketplace. It is really a confused place right now. We have not given up all the upside on the credit default swap or on the RMBSs. With respect to the securities lending program, we have about a sixth of the upside and with respect to the credit default swaps, we retain about a third of the upside, so that, as things get better, which I would project at some point in time they will, the government will do well and we will do well. If we were... if on this phone call, we were all wealthy men and wealthy women, we would buy these RMBSs. The government can afford to hold these things for a long time. So if they buy them at $0.60 or $0.50 or $0.40 on the $1, these are for the most part performing loans. If you just hold them to duration, you are going to do very, very well. If the marketplace recovers, you are going to do very, very well. So the government I think is very, very smart in what it's doing. We have not... we are not totally precluded from participating in that upside.
John Levin - Levin Capital: But the 79% ownership is the huge equity transfer value here that I would hope could possibly be scaled with the kind of look back depending on results?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, John right now, the deal is... what the deal is, not fixed in concrete forever. As you can see the movement we made from the first transaction to the second one, is a rather quantum improvement. We'll continue to do everything we can to put AIG in the best possible position. What these two arrangements do is they stop the cash out flows for the most part.
John Levin - Levin Capital: I agree with you and congratulate you on that.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Next.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Kligerman with UBS. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Yes, great couple of quick questions. First what assets are still not on the table for sale? Could you just reconfirm... reaffirm that?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, our commercial insurance let's say primarily in the U.S. are fine general insurance, and we'd like to maintain a majority ownership interest in AIA.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay so that still stands.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am sorry Andrew let me just be very clear on that. We have no new announcement today on what this company will look like when we emerge from this crisis or what assets are for sale. We are absolutely spot on consistent with the way we were back in the beginning of October.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: And then with regard to the CDS you said that your losses on CDS would be limited to the amount that you have taken already. Now, should the government buy in the underling CDOs... and it seems like they [ph] will on most of these multi-sector CDOs. It seems there is a good chance that overtime you could reverse those charges. Is that correct?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: David?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andrew, good morning, it's David. The way that the structure will work as I had described we will earn a return on the equity that we've invested in the vehicle will then share as I had described in the upside of that. So you are correct in that we will participate in the upside.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: I know but David, what I meant is on the insurance company's balance sheet or the holding company's balance sheet you these CDS in AIG financial product. Overtime, those marks that you've taken, I think its 30 billion in the aggregates to date could be reversed. Is that correct?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that is not correct. We will settle the credit default swap liability by this transaction. Our upside participation will be in through the subordinated funding vehicle that we are providing to the new structure.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Got it. In terms of employee retention I think I heard that retention was pretty good in the Foreign General, P&C operation... excuse me if I missed it but how is retention in the U.S. operations and domestic general and P&C?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Andrew, you missed it because it's such an important point.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Sorry about that.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I will have ask Chris [ph] to repeat it.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, Andrew, as I said it before, over 700 senior management ranks, turnover is less than 6% and we have about 12,000 counted and sort after professionals in our organization domestically.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay. And then, just the last question on the life and, the life insurance operations, I saw that, that you said premiums and deposits were up 14% last quarter. How about October, are we looking up or down or in sideways?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're not going there, Andrew, We're not talking about October, we're just talking about third quarter results.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Bearing [ph] with Banc of America. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, gentlemen. First, a point of clarification, when we start to talk about CDO LLC, this is not a direct commutation of the CDS, but instead it's a purchase of the underlying CDO upon which the CDS would be terminated? The second question is who is going to be driving the negotiations with the CDO counterparties in CDO LLC, and who is the ultimate decision maker in terms of price point? And then one other point to clarification, I'm looking at slide 5 here, is that $35 billion available to go and buy the CDOs or is this 70 billion, the 70 billion being the difference between 35 of equity fund... of funding and the 35 of collateral postings? Thanks.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Michael, I'm going to do the middle of those two, and Dave will do the other two. The Federal Reserve, and its rather substantial influence will be the driver of the negotiations with the counterparties, and we would expect that they will have substantially more success with those discussion than we had. With respect to your first and third point, Dave, you want to go through that?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, the funding, we're in fact, the vehicle is in fact purchasing the CDO and the and the CDS will be... if you will torn up as a result.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And then with respect to the amount of funds available it would be sufficient to purchase the CDO with the negotiated price that I had just referred to?
Unidentified Analyst: And again is there 35 billion available to purchase CDOs or 70?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's 35, but there is again part of the proceeds from the collateral that we have already posted will likewise help fund that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I guess the reason for the confusion here is that it doesn't seem at least to us that these things are worth anywhere near par. So if you had to purchase 70 billion worth of underlying CDOs with 70 billion that would suggest that you are looking to pay close to par on some of these underlying CDOs. Is that the situation?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ed?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the way the transaction is going to work is we are going to have to tear up the credit default swap its valuation. And you would adjust the collateral of course with against what the value of this CDS that was agreed to. Then this CDO, LLC will purchase the underlying bond that's held by our counterparty at its market value. And they are still about 35 billion available to execute this trade.
Unidentified Analyst: Understand, understand. Thank you very much.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay next.
Operator: Our next question is from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Hi, thank you. I had a few questions. First on you mentioned this briefly in your comments, but if you could talk about pricing trends in the P&C market and if you have seen some hardening recently, what's your view as to if it will sustain? And then secondly on your sales in domestic and in foreign life, they were down across many of the products, but down maybe less than we would have expected if you could talk about sales progression during the quarter and if you saw a noticeable downward trend after the second week of September? And then last one I have is just on the environmental selling assets, if you could just... to whatever extent you can discuss given that market prices or public companies are down a lot, how much interest are you seeing and how much are the valuations that you are seeing down because of that?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Jimmy, Ed Liddy. We'll do those in reverse order. We have smart, disciplined, competitive process for selling assets. The announcement of today gives us more flexibility and more time. We have great confidence in our ability to sell these remarkable assets. Beyond that, we won't have any comments. When we enter in new transactions that are announceable, we will absolutely let the marketplace know that. I can't underscore enough, we have great demand for these various properties. We are probably dealing with I don't know north of 75 or a 100 different people, complex - complicated transactions, assets that have a presence in worldwide markets. It's just not something that someone comes to you on Friday and says here is my price. It requires great diligence and great thought and that's exactly what we are doing. It's a smart disciplined thoughtful process.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And just on that with the change in the terms on the loan, are you, its been, if environment stays the way it is right now would you be willing to wait a little bit to get better prices? Or would you want to announce stuff based on your internal schedule?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's a smart disciplined process. We will do the right thing at the right time in the right way. Chris, [ph] do you want... recognizing there is always the difficulty of pricing conversation. Would you like to give a little color to that but not too much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure. Year-to-date on our overall pricing is down about at the end of September, is down about a little over 10%... around 10% from middle of September to the end October, it was down a little bit less than that. So there was a slight improvement.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Right.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Jimmy, Rod Martin will speak briefly to your question concerning our domestic life and retirement services, as you noted it had frankly a very strong quarter. In the areas it was down, it was down consistent with the industry, example of that would be universal life, but our term sales were up in the third quarter 9%, our variable universal life sales albeit on a smaller basis up 16% and payout annuities in sales and deposits were up 22%. So a very solid quarter. Clearly and consistent with what we've discussed and reported previously, tied to the events and the announcements, there was a dampening in the September and October third piece and it is, reflected in the quarter accordingly.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: And similarly on the foreign business?
Edmund Tse - Senior Vice Chairman - Life Insurance: Jimmy, Edmund here. I will add a little bit color on the foreign business in that. Now, our foreign business on the regular premium basis it has been continuing to do quite well and they are even dealing those economy situation, the foreign life all together for a quarter you have the 9.6% growth in regular premium basis and for AIA territories and there we have 7.2% growth. The only slowing down is in the single premium investment linked type products because of the equity market volatility and the fact that we have been slowing down in selling the investment linked type product that because of the very weak equity markets almost throughout the world particularly in Asia. Otherwise there we continue to do quite well.
Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Next question.
Operator: Our next question, it's from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns. Your line is open.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Hi, good morning, thanks. I was curious to know what portion of the securities lending balances are from front securities at the insurance subs? And then I also wanted to know what the key middle group [ph] that's been responsible for managing the securities lending program, if continuing to do so?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is David Herzog. I will cover the first part of that. It is entirely related to the insurance companies. There is a... and that's all the domestic programs, this is a U.S. domestic solution, the foreign approval continued to perform in orderly way. And so we will unwind the U.S. domestic, the solution focus is on the RMBS related portion of the portfolio and then there is a second leg of this transaction or the solution that will be executed with the available funds from our insurance companies.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And we have changed the leadership of that, the group that manages the... that particular segment of our investment portfolio.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Thanks. And then just one little small follow-up. Was that group part of AIG Investments or its separate and apart from that?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's part of AIG Investments.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Okay, thanks a lot and best of luck.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Next.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Gallagher with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Good morning, few questions. Let's see, first, I just want to understand the logistics around the transfer of the CDS and CDOs and their securities lending. What we... I guess what we are looking at. What kind of timing are we looking at the transfer of this? And is there potentially a substantial loss ahead when that transfer takes place or has the pricing been predetermined? One, and I will just stop that and then I will follow-up.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that was really my comment earlier, Tom. We are going to put these entities in place as soon as we can. It's not going to happen tomorrow, but it will happen as soon as we can. So any further erosion between now and when that entity gets put in place is for our account. So that's going to be, what it's going to be. Second, whatever money we put into these transactions, we are also potentially at risk force. So that's roughly a 1 billion into the securities lending and roughly $5 billion into the credit default swap. So we'll endeavor to put these in place just as quickly as we can.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. And so the pricing on this is, what we should think about is, both of these portfolios remarked as at the end of 3Q any erosion that has occurred in 4Q, plus any that may occur, whenever this transaction closes, would be a absorbed by AIG?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would say any movement.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Yes. Okay.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Up or down.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. Is there any realized things, things have been all over the place in terms of market, but I presume given how big of an issue this is for AIG, you've looked at some kind of estimate ballpark, has... will this result in a very large loss, in a 10 - 15% hit to shareholders equity, something more modest or larger. Can you give us some scope or based on the way you think this plays out, what the impact maybe?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I have to tell you we really have not thought about it in those terms. We thought about it from the context for us to emerge successfully from these crises. We cannot continue to hemorrhage cash into two areas of securities lending and the credit default swaps. We need to stop that. We need to stop it now. That's what we want to do, but neither do we want to walk away from any upside at all. So we try to thread that needle as best we can, so that we are protected on the downside and have some opportunity on the upside. Once those two, if you think about the $61 billion that we have drawn down from the Fed facility, I am close on this number, please accept it as a box car, something in the range of $53 billion is related to 53 to 55 maybe, is related to the posting of collateral and the credit default swaps and issues surrounding the securities lending. We need to stop that. And that's what this is designed to do.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. I guess, just not to be the dead horse, but I guess I just want to get some clarification or comfort that what we see today from a capital structure standpoint. We're not looking in an enormous change in the loss content looking ahead to 4Q because this is such a transformational transaction for the company. Is there any further detail you can give us on this, because in my mind until we get a sense for how big the problem maybe, if in fact it even is a problem in terms of the... what the loss would be on this transaction its very hard to get a sense for what does this mean for AIG if you know what I mean?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Tom I do, but I don't know how anybody can answer that question. The condition at present to answer that question is what you think is going to happen to the capital markets either equities or credit default spreads or what have you. So I think it's just... I think it's impossible to answer. Our market is going to continue move south, I just do not know we have the risk until this thing is put to bed. The issues you are poking at to a certain extent the rating agencies have considered and they have looked at this and I think if you have not had the opportunity; we've shared this... the whole structure with them. They have made certain judgments about what their view is on this transaction and on balance it's been well received.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I guess just on a related note since the... I believe the valuation approach you are using is more looking at sort of a trading approach, just broadly speaking because you are planning on transferring these assets. So is it fair to say then the valuation methodology used at the end of 3Q would be similar to the one that we would see when the assets are transferred if that makes sense?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that's a good assumption on your part.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then just a couple of other quick follow-ups.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Tom I'm going to give you one more and that's it.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: All right.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Make it the one that's important to you.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: All right I'll go for the big one then, $48 billion deferred acquisition cost that was up little over 1 billion from last quarter. How should we think about AIG's methodologies for valuing that as you think about selling assets, should we expect there will be major adjustments to this and maybe just tell us in a little bit about how they think about that prospect? Thanks.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is David and I'll make some initial comments and ask Chris Swift, the CFO for life retirement service segment. Our methodology is around DAC and the sales inducement assets that we have on the books it hasn't changed. We did as you saw on the table on page, on the earnings release we did in fact have a DAC unlocking which is reflective of ongoing market disruption we had reversion to the mean and we made some modifications to some near term lapse assumptions in parts of our business. So again our methodologies controls around it haven't changed. Chris, you want to comment on that further.
Christopher J. Swift - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer - Life Insurance & Retirement Services: Sure, David. That is true what we did in the third quarter for the domestic, looked hard at our assumptions and did need to unlock for reversion for the mean and for higher anticipated lapses. We are in the midst of our fourth quarter review process for the foreign life and I can't predict how it's going to come out at this point in time.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Next question. And we have... sorry, to do this to you all, we have time for probably two more.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Frost with HSBC. Your line is open.
Scott Frost - HSBC: I just want to make sure I understand, I wanted to go back to the facilities here, this is dealing with the multi-sector CDOs, you are showing about 71.6 billion of notional outstanding is the idea you are going to take part, I guess the holders of the super senior CDOs effectively either through, is that... if that was an avenue you are going to pay 70 billion to holders of these CDOs in exchange you are going to acquire the underlying collateral that's marked at 35 billion? You are going to give 5 billion, the Fed is going to give 30, the CDO holders made whole and then, you think that overtime this collateral will mature or eventually be worth par again? Is that, first of all, is that how this is working and are you actually acquiring the collateral or is the holder of the CDO expected to take this as a settlement then they would liquidate the collateral themselves and hold it? And the second is on the SEC lending line, you had 22 billion of... you're the Fed, I guess about roughly 37.8 billion, that's the line, you have 19.9 that you have drawn and exchanged for securities, is the Fed now again taking those issues... those securities and putting in a special purpose vehicle. And that effectively removes all the securities lending payables from your balance sheet as well as the assets associated with it. Is that what we are kind of looking at on a pro forma basis that how it's going to work?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, this is David, I want... let me take those in the order you offered them. First of all on the credit default swap, the facility or the entity will purchase the underlying CDOs.
Scott Frost - HSBC: And the assets with them, right?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct. They are buying the CDO, it's essentially at whatever the negotiated prices, but they are the underlying CDOs. The credit default swap that we will be turned up--
Scott Frost - HSBC: The yield in the assets, therefore and you have the swaps, so you chair it up?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't own the assets. We never did own the assets, we rolled the credit default swap on the assets.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Right.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So the structure is working that the vehicle that is being created, that we are contributing the junior funding, the subordinated funding to we'll own those underlying CDOs that are purchased. That vehicle will not be consolidated on AIG's books. We will participate in the returns on the underlying CDOs in the form of our equity clauses mentioned earlier, a sharing of the upside.
Scott Frost - HSBC: So let me back-up a second, so the CDO holders not being made hold here. Is that correct? You are buying... you are essentially buying this, you are buying the CDO for $0.50 on the dollar? Is that what you expect to happen here?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, Scott let's be clear. The CDO is being purchased at a negotiated rate. And I think I had commented that the Fed is involved, heavily involved in that negotiation.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Well I mean are you suggesting that well, I mean if I am the counterparty, why wouldn't I accept less... why would I accept less than par unless you are saying that Fed is going... I mean I am not you are saying that Fed is going to be strong on holders right?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am just telling you there is a negotiated price Scott. So it's a negotiated price between the owner of the CDO in this newly formed structure.
Scott Frost - HSBC: And again, if I am on the holder of the CDO, why do I accept less than par now?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it's a get a negotiated price.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Okay. Again, if you are saying that... what is motivation of the CDO holder to accept less than... because you're saying, look, I am going to offer this to you, take or leave it and if the CDO holder says, I'll leave it, what do you about it?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, they can also the tear the credit default swap upside, I think they're... again, I think there the structure has been designed in a way that's balanced in terms of the various stakeholders motivations and incentives. So we believe this structure will be successful in accomplishing the restructuring and the de-risking of the AIG portfolio --
Scott Frost - HSBC: Okay.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In this regard.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Also, I see it is fair to say that there is going to be some kind of, a little bit of execution risk here in your ability to get the holders of the CDOs to accept what you are offering them? That's a fair, is that accurate?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We are optimistic that we think that the structure --
Scott Frost - HSBC: Okay.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Will be successful.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Okay. Great.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And then second of all on the securities lending, there is again... this is the U.S. domestic securities lending portfolio, the solution is focused on that. There will be RMBS securities that will be purchased by the vehicle. Again, we are providing the junior or the subordinated funding for that vehicle like the credit default swap solution. This vehicle will not be not consolidated on AIG's books and the underlying RMBS will be owned by the new vehicle and again we will participate in the economics of that through the returns on our subordinated investment as well as the sharing of the upside that Ed spoke to.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Okay.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Next and last question.
Operator: Next question is from Dan Johnson with Citadel Investment Group. Your line is open.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Thank you, Ed. Just a couple. I will make it quick. Statutory capital in the U.S. life and retirement business, where was it at the end of the second quarter and were is it at the end of third please?
Christopher J. Swift - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer - Life Insurance & Retirement Services: Dan it's Chris Swift. In the aggregate fourth quarter's ended right around 300%. How we got there, lot of pluses and minuses.
Christopher J. Swift - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer - Life Insurance & Retirement Services: I don't have the exact number in front of me Dan.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: So it was I think, something in the mid teens, billions excluding ALICO, if you were just looking at the real domestic business?
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Dan, why don't you follow-up with Charlene, we'll get you the number.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Okay. Then I'll just skip to the other ones. So hopefully the multi-sector CDO issues are mainly behind us. The remaining regulatory and capital arbitrage portfolios looked like they came down a bit in the quarter as well. I wanted to compare what looked like on slide 8 of the credit presentation shows about 30 billion of maturities and early terminations. How does that compare to the 80 billion that was referenced in the second quarter 10-Q as of the end of July, there is a comment that said 80 billion were in the process of being terminated early and then I do have one final question.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, this is a David. The 30 on page 8, I believe is for the quarter. During the quarter and that again... that portfolio continues to perform and terminate very much inline with our expectations.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Does that... harder again, was that did I have... am I comparing apples-to-oranges, the comment in the Q that said about 80 billion was in process of being up... terminated?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that's right. Some of the 80s is included here.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: And the remainder is still in process of being terminated early?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, remember the 80 was in inception to-date through Dan.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Very good apples and oranges. Then finally, last question was on the capital contribution in the shareholders equity the $23 billion. Is there actual any capital or say even cash being transacted here and how is that number determined?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry again the 23?
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: There is a $23 billion--
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The 23 yes okay thank you. What that represents is the... is the fair value at that point of time, that's the consideration. So there is no cash that changes in with that... in that regard. That's a fair value ascribed to the... the value of the credit facility. It represents the 79.9% at that date and time.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: The line is going around at call it 80%... 80% fair value of what?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Of AIG at the date of... at the date of that transaction, so again we gave a promise if you will to... an obligation, to issue preferred stock at the date of the credit, the day we entered into the credit facility. The fair value of that obligation was approximately $23 billion at that day.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: It is sort of looks like an option valuation model or --?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, it was it was based upon the market value of the, what the outstanding common stock at the date of that transaction.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: What was the share price at that date?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It was around $2 a share.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Okay, $2 a share. And as that $23 billion does that play any role in any statutory calculations, capital calculations?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It does not Dan what it we'll do, we'll amortize of through interest expense in proportion to the outstanding capacity on the credit line.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Yes, okay, I get so its 23 now, it will decline overtime... over the five-year time period.
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Through the income statement--?
David L. Herzog - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct through interest expense.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Got it understood. I will follow-up on the state capital question thank you.
Edward M. Liddy - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're going to bring our session to a conclusion, thanks for your time. I'd make two remarks as we end. First, our insurance companies remain very strong we continue to do well. Remind you this is the largest insurance company in the U.S. and the largest insurance company in the world. Second, we have worked hard to fashion a very compressive plan in order to put AIG in a much more solid footing. I think the plan we have represented, we have put forward if you think about what the Dutch government has done for ING or AEGON or what have you I think it's just a recognition on the part of the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury that, this really is a systemic issue that's going on and to try to address on a company-by-company basis simply wasn't the right way to do it. So what the government has really done is they have stepped up and they have... we have fashioned a much more holistic and comprehensive solution. What we got probably would not have been possible back in September because some of the tools that we are availing ourselves are just simply weren't there. So we're... we very much like to change it we think that they are good for all of our constituents. We look forward to making progress on our asset divestiture plan and we will keep you posted as we go. Thank you all. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-07 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Charlene M. Hamrah - VP and Director - IR Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and CEO Steven J. Bensinger - EVP and CFO Christopher Swift - VP - Life and Retirement Services Elias Habayeb - CFO AIG Financial Services William V. Nutt, Jr - President and CEO UGC Kevin B. McGinn - VP and Chief Risk Officer Richard W. Scott - Sr. VP - Investments David Herzog - Chief Accounting Officer Frank H. Douglas - VP and Casualty Actuary
Analysts: Jamminder Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Andrew Kligerman - UBS Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session in today's conference. [Operator Instructions]. I would also like to remind parties this call is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Thank you, ma'am you may begin.
Charlene M. Hamrah - Vice President and Director - Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for AIG's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would just like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management operations, products and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections and statements. Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in the specific projections and statements are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of AIG's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and in the Outlook section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2008. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the first quarter 2008 financial supplements or within the presentation available in the Investor Information section of AIG's corporate website. And now I would like to turn the call over to Bob Willumstad.
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Charlene, good morning to everybody. I'd like to begin with some observations about the current economic and market environment and how they affected AIG's second quarter results. And I'll ask Steve Bensinger to provide more details on the quarter. Finally, I'll make some comments on expenses and give you an update on our strategic review process and what you can expect from us when we report on that process in September. We'll then take your questions. The second quarter results do not reflect the earnings power of AIG's businesses. The loss we reported for the quarter resulted from some external factors, as well as some company specific operating issues. Three factors in particular had a significant effect on our results. We reported large investment impairment charges and unrealized losses that were primarily driven by severe conditions in the housing and credit markets. We had a 3.6 billion after tax unrealized market valuation loss on super senior credit default swap in our capital markets business and a $4.4 billion after tax other than temporary impairment charge relating to our investment portfolio. Let me put these figures in context, regarding the unrealized market valuation loss on the CDS portfolio, clearly, this is a big number. That said, this loss is smaller than the after tax loss of 5.9 billion that we recognized in the first quarter. Regarding the 4.4 billion of after tax impairment charges in the investment portfolio, approximately two-thirds of the severity component of those charges was already reflected as unrealized depreciation in shareholders equity at March 31st. Steve will go into more detail on these points. Division [ph] of those charges we also experienced below average investment performance in the quarter. Net investment income in the second quarter was $6.7 billion, lower than the 7.9 billion, we reported last year but above what we reported in the first quarter. Partnership income was the principle driver of the second quarter results and our focus on liquidity also dampened our returns. We reported an operating loss of $518 million pre-tax at United Guaranty from mortgage insurance business, largely reflecting the same housing and mortgage market conditions that drove the unrealized market valuation loss in our CDS portfolio. All three of these factors reflect extreme market conditions [indiscernible] to put our second quarter results in context not to minimize operational issues that need and are getting our immediate attention. Our primary focus is on strengthening our balance sheet, maintaining our liquidity, and improving profits. Now I'll turn it over to Steve for a review of the second quarter and I'll come back after his comments.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Bob. Please refer to the PowerPoint presentation posted to our website last night, and titled Conference Call Presentation. Then if you start on page three, there are four key messages we'd like you to take away. First, and maybe most obvious is that the disruption in the U.S housing market that Bob referenced continues to dominate our reported results. We reported a net loss for the third consecutive quarter. That said there was a tempering of some of the marks in the quarter as exemplified by the reduction in size of the AIGFP unrealized market valuation loss in the second quarter compared, to the first, and the reduction and the decline of a cumulated other comprehensive income which reflects the change in the unrealized depreciation of our available for sales securities, more on that in the moment. Second, our capital position is stronger today than it was as of the end of the first quarter. Granted, we raided capital, but that was the prudent action to take in light of the volatile capital markets we continue to face. Third, you have seen the results of our four segments in last night's release. There are clearly some challenges, nonetheless our franchise continues to show resilience, I'll comment on that in more depth shortly. And finally, our priorities, Bob has made it clear about our focus in these turbulent times. Protect our capital, and reduce risk, focus on expenses and complete the business review. Bob will comment more on these in a moment. Let's turn to slide four. As you can see our total equity on hybrid capital increased in the second quarter to $96.8 billion as a result of our capital raise, that's less than a 5% decline from our year-end position. Our financial debt to total capital ratio has declined to 13.7% indicating increased financial flexibility. While we can't predict what the future holds, in terms of capital market conditions, and the effects of the ongoing U.S. housing market disruption. Based on what we know today our capital position is sound. Let's take a look at slide five. As I said earlier, we reported a net loss for the quarter, which totaled about $5.4 billion. Including that total, as Bob mentioned, are approximately $4.4 billion of after tax other than temporary impairment charges. Now they are reflected in the caption titled Realized Capital Losses, but in fact represent almost entirely unrealized market valuation losses. Actual sales activity of securities in the quarter resulted in a pre-tax net gain of about $200 million. Importantly, as Bob mentioned almost two-thirds of the severity component of the other than temporary impairment charge was already reflected as a reduction in ALCI [ph] as of March 31st, this is in stark contrast to what occurred in the first quarter. There continues to be a diversity in practice among companies in terms of taking impairment charges through P&L at AIG we've a rigorous process where we evaluate several dimensions of potential impairments on a security-by-security basis. Of the $6.8 billion pre-tax other than temporary impairment charge, 4.8 billion relates to severity losses. Almost two-thirds of that severity charge related to securities rated AAA, and nearly 80% related to AA and AAA combined. The securities continue to perform. Our judgment to take an impairment charges based on the uncertainty of the timeframe for price recovery. We cannot yet make an assertion as to the recovery period. The $337 million after tax effect of the credit valuation adjustment relates to the effect of credit spreads on AIGFP's assets and liabilities accounted for under the fair value option using the guidance in FAS 159. While credit spreads in the quarter widened on both AIGFP's invested assets and on AIG's own credit spreads, which affect the fair value of AIGFP's liabilities, the net result was a loss. We've summarized in the box area on the slide the adjusted net income excluding the AIGFP unrealized market valuation loss, and the credit valuation adjustment to highlight some of the key themes for the quarter which I will cover now. If we would, please turn to slide six. As we stated previously, partnership and mutual fund income is volatile from quarter-to-quarter and the first half of 2007 generated very strong results. While the second quarter of 2008 results includes $190 million in partnership and mutual fund income, this is still down $1.1 billion year-on-year, and affected most of our segments' results. Looking ahead, the second half of 2007 also generated strong results, so we anticipate that year-on-year comparisons will remain difficult for the remainder of 2008. In addition, we've been building liquidity within the insurance companies as a prudent response to the market dislocation. However, this does have a negative effect on net investment income which we estimate in the range of 1 to $200 million pre-tax in the quarter. As everyone on this call is well aware the U.S housing market continues to be very difficult and that's reflected in the substantial increase in losses at UGC. First and second line [ph] losses increased 264 and 107% respectively over the second quarter of 2007 and include the effect of low reported tier rate [ph] probability assumption. We anticipate UGC's operating losses will continue into 2009. American General Finance net receivables were down 1% sequentially but up 6% year-on-year primarily due to the Equity One portfolio acquisition in February. Loan loss provisions increased significantly in the quarter, and delinquency rates have increased to 3.56% [ph] which remains within AGF's target band. Let's turn to slide seven. Commercial insurance is facing an increasingly challenging environment. Nonetheless, our overall view is that rates are still adequate, with the exception of certain lines of business, most notably workers comp and aviation. We continue to look for ways to shift our product mix to compensate for declining rates and are certainly maintaining our underwriting discipline. Our underwriting results continued to suffer from the drag of adverse development in excess casualty in the 2003 and prior accident years, although the second quarter... in the second quarter this was substantially offset by positive developments in the 2004 and later accident years. The effect of the Midwest flood was about 1.4 points on the loss ratio in the quarter, in fire and general our results benefited from AIG's broad global footprints and strong franchise up 15% in dollar terms, net premiums written rose 5% in original currency due to growth in Continental Europe, in the Middle East as well as due to high retention levels in major accounts despite declining rates in certain markets. Underwriting income fell 5.9% due to an increase in severe but non-catastrophic losses and increased loss frequency as well as increased expenses due to the realignment of the legal entities through which fire and gen operates. In personal lines good growth in AIG's private client group was offset by reductions in net premiums written in aigdirect.com and, and agency auto, as a result of planned reduction in these lines as we speak to improve underwriting performance. Turning to slide eight. Domestic life and retirement services generated 14% growth in premium, reflecting AIG's off season's product portfolio. Private placement VUL and payout annuity sales were up strongly, while life insurance and home service were up 5%. With continued uncertainty in equity markets consumers favored individual fixed annuities where deposits increased by $450 million and surrender rates fell 300 basis points. Spreads on key products reflected lower investment income. Foreign life results benefited from AIG's product mix [ph] while growth in life products was muted, accident and health group, fixed annuities and variable annuities, all had strong growth. So growth was favorably affected by exchange rate movements. Life insurance and retirement services reserves continued to grow in excess of 15% reflecting AIG's success in accumulating assets. Net investment income fell 5.9% primarily due to losses on investment linked products in the U.K., though reduced partnership and mutual fund income also affected results. Turning to slide nine. IOSC [ph] had record results in the quarter. Revenues increased 14% while operating income was up 85%, on the back of higher lease rates and strong demand for IOSC's modern fuel efficient aircraft. New aircraft are 100% leased through 2008 and 2009 and all of the 16 aircrafts returned to IOSC were released as of July 31st. Results in asset management continued to be affected by the run-off of the GIC program. External assets under management were down sequentially due to market price declines despite attracting new assets of $2 billion in the quarter. Operating income in the core external assets management business was negatively effected by lower carried interest and the timing of real estate related gains. Comparisons with the second quarter were also unfavorable due to a $398 million gain in the second quarter of '07 related to the poor... the sale of a portion of AIG's holdings in the Black Sound Group's [ph] IPL. Turning to page ten. I'd like to turn your attention to a role forward of our shareholders equity. As a framework for some further comments about the effects of the AIGFP unrealized market valuation losses and the effect of the declines in the value of portions of our investment portfolio. Let's turn to slide 11, in the quarter AIGFP recorded a further $5.6 billion pre-tax, unrealized market valuation loss on its super senior credit default swap portfolio, bringing the cumulative valuation loss on this business to $25.9 billion. The preponderance of that amount toward [ph] $24.8 billion pertains to the credit default swap portfolio covering multi-sector CDO. The primary drivers of the write down were declines in market prices for Alt A and sub-prime RMBS collateral and rating agency actions taken in the quarter. Based on the cumulative loss to-date, the portfolio is now marked to an average of about $0.69 on the dollar. For those CDOs containing sub-prime collateral the average mark is now $0.60... $0.66 for high grade deals and $0.56 for mezzanine transactions. The total super senior portfolio declined by a net $28.5 billion in the quarter to $441 billion. This reduction results from $5.9 billion in amortizations across the portfolio and $22.6 billion in early terminations in the regulatory capital relief book. Included in the net decrease was an increase in exposure due to honoring an existing commitment to conclude a $5.4 billion dollar transaction in the multi-sector CDO portfolio. With regards to the regulatory capital portfolio, there continues to be no market value adjustments for the vast preponderance of that book. The early terminations of transactions by counter parties at no cost to AIGFP provide the most important information supporting our conclusion that these transactions are motivated by regulatory capital release and not by transferring risk on the underlying portfolios. We'll continue to monitor counter party behavior to inform our decisions on valuation of this book. I should point out that there was one European RMBS regulatory capital relief transaction with a notional amount of $1.6 billion that was not terminated as expected. This transaction has specific features not found in the remainder of the regulatory capital book. We took a mark on that transaction in the second quarter of $125 million. Let's turn to slide 12. Despite, the marks taken the portfolio of CDOs is showing resilience. We have not yet incurred any realized credit losses in the portfolio. Further the level of defaulted assets in the underlying collateral of CDOs is very low compared, to the weighted average attachment points in those structures. We continue to refine our analytical methodologies to produce stress test scenario of potential ultimate realized credit losses in the portfolio. In the first quarter we introduced the roll rate analysis to develop estimates of potential ultimate loss. Applying this methodology last quarter resulted in an estimate of potential credit losses of $2.4 billion. In the second quarter, we've introduced enhancements for the model methodology. We now include prime RMBS in the portfolio of securities subjected to the roll rate analysis, and have introduced analytics to capture the potential effects, both positive and negative, of the cash flow waterfall. This quarter, we include two stress scenarios of potential realized credit losses. Each of which incorporate more highly stressed assumptions than used in previous scenarios. The underlying roll rate and severity assumptions used in these scenarios are available for your review in the conference call credit presentation slide posted to our website. The potential realized credit losses resulting from the two scenarios with produced losses of 5 billion and $8.5 billion respectively. To put the $8.5 billion scenario into perspective, if we look at the assumptions used regarding sub-prime mortgages, which represent a significant component of our collateral, the scenario assumes that currently delinquent mortgages will default at percentages approaching 96%. And that the net recoveries upon foreclosure will only be $0.28 on the dollar compared to average nationwide recoveries currently of about $0.50 on the dollar. Of course, the collateral pools underlying the CDOs contain other classes of RMBS and other securities of various vintages, which are also incorporated in the model. However, this example may help to show that these scenarios are conservative. And provide comfort to AIG that the potential ultimate credit losses, which may be incurred from the portfolio, are substantially less than the 24.8 billion of fair valuation losses we recorded to-date. Turning to slide 13; back to the shareholders equity role forward and the effects of impairment charges and the change in unrealized losses on available for sale investments. I spoke earlier about the impairment charge of over $4 billion and will now focus on the change in the unrealized losses in our equity. The net decline for the second quarter of $2.6 billion is principally driven by declines in market prices on foreign investments held in Japan, Taiwan, Thailand and other Asian countries due to rising interest rates. Well, such movements in interest rates result in a decline in shareholders equity. The economic effects are actually quite positive for the fundamental performance of the business. Because we don't mark the liabilities to fair value, rising interest rates are not reflected in the evaluation of the corresponding liabilities under current accounting standards. Turning to slide 14; within our insurance investment portfolios, our total exposure to RMBS at amortized cost is $77.5 billion and has declined by a net $4.8 billion in the quarter, primarily as a result of payments of principle and charge-off taken rather than temporary impairment charges. The only purchases have been of agency pass-through certificates. The difference in our holdings of $87.8 billion at par value and the $77.5 billion that amortized costs, represent the other than temporary impairment charges already taken against these securities. Of the OTTI charges taken year-to-date, 87% of them represent severity charges. The underlying securities have retained their investment grade ratings, and virtually all are paying principle and interest. However, in consideration of the rapid and severe market valuation decline, AIG could not reasonably assert that the recovery period would be temporary. The entire portfolio, including agency pass-through certificates is marked at approximately $0.77 on the dollar. Let's go the slide 15; and as you can see, despite continued rating agency actions taken in this sector, our holdings are performing, and are still almost 95% rated AAA and AA. Slide 16 highlights the remaining changes in shareholders equity for the quarter. And I won't go through all of them in detail, but the principal point that you see is the effect of our capital raise in May. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Bob.
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Steve. As I indicated at the outset, our second quarter results are not indicative of the performance AIG can deliver. And I know many of you have questions about what we're doing to get the company back on track. There are no quick fixes. In uncertain times like these, we will continue to make every effort to protect our capital, reduce risk and strengthen our balance sheet. One the way to strengthen our balance sheet is to improve the profitability of our operating businesses. This company has seen significant growth in operating expenses over the past three years. We are working across all our businesses to reduce expense growth. There will be some areas where we'll continue to spend heavily such as financial reporting and controls, as well as risk management systems. But we need to improve our expense management across all of our businesses. I am not in a position today to give you definitive targets for expense reduction. We will, however, identify those opportunities in our September strategic review. In the meantime, we've curtailed the expansion of capital intensive businesses and would not consider any major acquisitions at this time. Once we complete our review, we will act quickly to implement the necessary and appropriate changes to our businesses. I have already spent significant time visiting our U.S. operations and will do the same in Asia later this month. We also met with some of our key regulators and plan to meet with more of them soon. Our goal is straightforward; to define AIG's vision and determine the optimal portfolio of the businesses based on where our true competitive advantages lie. We will also change AIG's risk profile and sharpen our risk management and capital allocation process in addition to strengthening our accounting and reporting infrastructure. A less complex AIG will be a better competitor. These actions will result in significant changes with conditions demanded and we are moving forward with focus and a sense of urgency. We've already reached to one conclusion that we should retain ILFC. This is a strong market leading business and we determined it is best both for ILFC and AIG to say together. I am not prepared to disclose any other strategic conclusions today. However, we will report to you the results of our review at an investor meeting on September 25th. Details of that meeting will be provided to you. It's clear from second quarter results; we have a lot of work to do to restore AIG's profitability to where it should be. However, we understand the challenges ahead of us and we are developing a game plan to see AIG through these difficult times and rebuild shareholder value. Before taking your questions, I'd like to offer general observations after being AIG's Chief Executive Officer for nearly two months. I'm convinced that AIG is a great company. But as you can see our results, we are facing some serious challenges. I know there is more than a little frustration with our performance. And that shareholders understandably want a clear picture of our business outlook and whether the worst is over. Well, I cannot provide all those answers for you today. We are committed to being an open... being as open and candid as we can be. We will now take your questions. Operator, can we open the line for questions? Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar, J.P. Morgan. Your line is opened.
Jamminder Bhullar - J.P. Morgan: Hi, thank you. Good morning. I have a couple of questions. The first one is on your capital position. If you could talk about under what scenario do you foresee or do you foresee a scenario on which you would have to raise equity capital again if results don't improve or continue at this pace? And then secondly on... you have had several, a couple of quarters at least of DAC benefits in your life business because of realized losses and if you believe that we're sort of in a period of a secular decline in investment returns especially if you include the realized losses along with the portfolio yields and the returns don't improve could you have a DAC recoverability issue in the domestic life businesses [indiscernible]?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. Jimmy, it relates to capital, obviously, it's a question that we focus on a regular basis, as I said before we are doing our best to reserve as much capital as we can. It's very hard to predict right now when and if we will need more capital. Our current position we think is satisfactory. Future losses obviously, can change that, that assumption and we are obviously dependent on the condition of the U.S. housing market and how those will affect the securities that we hold. But I would say right now, we feel comfortable with the amount of capital that we do have, its just no way of predicting the future at the moment. I think on the second question about DAC...
Christopher Swift - Vice President - Life and Retirement Services: Jimmy, its Chris Swift, I can maybe comment from a global life retirement services side, as you know our practices to review our DAC assumptions and do any formal unlockings in the fourth quarter that is on track, to tell you our early thinking right now is in the domestic markets particularly in the variable annuity product line. We are on the high end of our reversions range. So if the equity markets particularly continued to decline in the third and fourth quarter, that could potentially necessitate our unlocking in conjunction then with our normal fourth quarter we'll reviews... we will look at other global markets and our long term assumptions on our market performance and asset performance. And Bob has indicated if we need to de-risk in changes we will but right now it's too early to say what that global review will predict in the fourth quarter.
Jamminder Bhullar - J.P. Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Johnson, Citadel Investments. Your line is open.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: Great, thank you very much. Would you folks mind giving us a little bit more of a tutorial around the issues referred to as 2a-7 Puts I believe its on page 87, of the Q, just basically trying to understand how many more I guess clients could put this business back to you that would cause you to generate more CDOs as we did in the second quarter?
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services: Dan it's Elias Habayeb. With respect to the 2a-7 at this point we have written all the 2a-7s we're committed to write. So that's the maximum amount of 2a-7 Puts that we have outstanding. The way those work is that that if there is a failed remarketing then we would have potential obligation to buy the CDO back and/or the underlying security back and on most of them we do have backstop liquidity lines in the event those bonds have been put back to us.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: And is it that we don't have any more exposure to this because there is been no failed remarketings or even that whole issue is basically there are no more 2a-7 that we would be on, potentially on a risk for?
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services: No, we do have outstanding 2a-7 Puts that continue to be outstanding and given the current state of the market we would be expecting to be buying back those underlying referenced obligations.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: And if sometime now what that means from capital consumption?
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services: Not at this point.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: Okay moving over the MI business can we talk a little bit about the captive benefits that we probably are receiving by now and importantly do we have any captive counterparties that have put their captives into run-off?
William V. Nutt, Jr - President and Chief Executive Officer UGC: Dan, this is Billy Nutt, at UGC. We have got approximately 65 captives that were ceding incurred losses to. So far this year we have ceded through 630, we've ceded $255 million in ceded incurred losses, we expect to cede about $460 million, this full year leakage... potential leakage from captives that would exhaust their trust accounts would be a modest. Right now we are estimating about $25 million, there have been some captives that have decided to get out of the mortgage guarantee reinsurance business and have notified us as such but of course they are still obligated for any books of business that we currently have on our books at this time.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: That... the obligation refers to the amount of money that's already in the trust?
William V. Nutt, Jr - President and Chief Executive Officer UGC: That is correct...
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: Okay.
William V. Nutt, Jr - President and Chief Executive Officer UGC: We've got currently right now $1.1 billion of monies in the trust accounts in the 65 captives.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: Great, and your 25 billion leakage [ph] that was for this year?
William V. Nutt, Jr - President and Chief Executive Officer UGC: That is for this year, that's our estimate for this year.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: When we think about next year's performance are we going to get most of the benefits from the captives in this year and potentially beyond the outside of the next year or maybe just a little color there?
William V. Nutt, Jr - President and Chief Executive Officer UGC: Well right now we are estimating that most of the benefits will come through this year as losses accelerate due to the dislocation, the increase in dislocation in the housing markets. We will receive benefits next year though it's a little early to estimate that but we think it will be some what less than the benefit that we are estimating for this year of $460 million.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: Great, and finally Mr. Swift is the market assumption underlying the DAC... the market growth assumption I guess tell you that unrealized the DAC calculation?
Christopher Swift - Vice President - Life and Retirement Services: Dan, the domestic one is roughly 10%.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: Inclusive of dividends?
Christopher Swift - Vice President - Life and Retirement Services: Yes.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments: Great, thank you very much for taking the questions.
Operator: Josh Shanker, Citi. Your line is now open.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning my two questions, the first I would like to understand in retrospect when you talked one year ago that you... that one quarter ago that 1.2, 2.4 billion would be the realistic stress case for the portfolio. Obviously, you've increased that to 5 to 8.5 billion, looking back on it, what was wrong with the stress test that you did at that time and what makes you more comfortable with the ones that you are using today?
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We'll have Kevin McGinn, our Chief Risk Officer, Joshua to address that point.
Kevin B. McGinn - Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Hi, Josh. Good morning. The major change that we made was simply because of deteriorating market conditions, we felt we needed to move our loss to vary down real estate values have obviously been declining even more sharply than we thought. And so we took our loss severities in our delinquency pipeline up especially on the '05 vintage which of course because we have so much '05 is a... has a significant impact on the number. The other significant change this year... this quarter was we had a much better estimate of what we might experience in leakage in the CDOs themselves in terms of the principle payments that are coming down to the lower rate of traunches, we made strong estimate of that and as you can see in the conference slide that was almost $1 billion difference in the quarter. There were other issues that are explained in one of the conference slides, another significant impact was because we haircut the CDOs using current ratings and because the rating agencies continuing to downgrade CDOs, we've been using current ratings as opposed to original ratings to give ourselves some buffer there.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: And is that 5 to 8.5 billion a likely worst case or realistic case given the way you are looking at things right now?
Kevin B. McGinn - Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: We think if you look at our assumptions, especially in our rows and our lost severities we think right now the 5 is probably is a very... very conservative estimate and the 8.5 was, would be even much more stressed. So we don't think we are going to get to those numbers but they are there to give you some indication of what, of what could happen.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: And then... if the deterioration of the marketplace were to freeze right now, things didn't get better but they didn't further deteriorate of the 26 billion that you margin losses, what actual loss for the portfolio take?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's a... I mean a very good question. We haven't really taken any credit losses to-date as we paid nothing out. I would think that it's hard to really give you an accurate answer on that because there are so many moving parts. But I think it would be something less than the $5 billion number that we've published.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Okay. And then just a quick number's question, Steve something mentioned that two thirds of the OTTI loss were already reflected in book value at unrealized losses from prior quarters. Is there any way that we can get up, understand the trend, what was the cumulative unrealized credit losses plus OTTI for the last three quarters? Can we see a trend in that?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, the trend... I think you have to look at the trend in the total evaluations of the portfolio and not just what's in... other than temporary impairment charges but also including what comes through in the balance sheet. And if you look, for example, at the change in other comprehensive income for this quarter versus last quarter, you see about a $7 billion improvement in the change, in the AOCI, which is principally driven by unrealized appreciation or depreciation. So that's 7 billion pre-tax, about $4 billion or so after tax. So we've certainly seen a moderation... significant moderation in the second quarter of the overall pace of decline in those evaluations.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: And then, am I more or less somewhat just find it so many with the first quarter of this year, the fourth quarter of last year, the OTTI losses were not taken from the AOCI calculation, but they are really sort of emergent losses at that time?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. That's the big difference. This quarter, the OTTI was very significantly offset, effectively a lot of it moved from the balance sheet to the income statement, where certainly in the previous quarter and the fourth quarter, it was more additive.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Okay. Well, thank you very much.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: Andrew Kligerman, UBS. Your line is now opened.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Thank you. First question comes back to the excess capital issue. I know you've refrained from providing an excess economic capital number. But you are saying in, at least as I read in the 10-Q that you have 99.95% confidence that your capital is commencering with a AA range rating. If I go back to your previous metrics for estimating excess economic capital, I come up with a number of 13 to $19 billion. So, the first question is the 13, 19 to 19 even in the ballpark with reality? And secondly, maybe just a little more clarity on why you are so confident?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, Andrew, Steve. Good morning.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Good morning.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's a very good question. I am going to refrain from either affirming or denying your quantitative assessment because that's not something we really want to do at this point in time. I mean you can do you your math and come up with your numbers what you've done. The reason that we have not quantified it as we have in the past, as its pretty clear to us that at this point in time, in this environment the ultimate governors of capital are not solely our point of view, which we've settled along on the economic capital, but the point of view of the rating agencies, the points of view of the regulators and other market participants. So, while we certainly have a point of view based on what we think is rigorous analysis, that's not a prevailing point of view in this marketplace. And we have to be realistic about what's really driving our capital needs. And, hence, while we have a point of view and we have a confidence level associated with that and we communicate that, it's not the... its not the driving factor in this environment. Bob, I don't know if you want to add anything?
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. I think obviously, Steve said it correctly. The rating agencies today are the governor of how much capital we have and how much capital we need.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Do you have a... if you had to sort of assess your level of concern that you're going to need to raise capital in the next six months, how would you rank it sort of low, medium or high?
Unidentified Company Representative: Again, similar question as before. The real question is what's the level of future losses and that's going to be dependent on the capital markets and I just don't think that we are prepared to make that forecast right now. We've shown our stress analysis. But obviously as an issue of timing and so right now our efforts are to protect our capital bases as much as we can and go through with difficult...
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay. Fair enough. And then just sort shifting over to the Super Senior CDS losses. Steve, talked a bit about the role forward and some of the conservative assumptions going on in that new 5 to 8.5 number. But now you've got an aggregate loss of $25 billion. Could you give us a sense one or two big data points that drove the $25 billion that, that's in that $25 billion loss, I think out of $80 billion in initial securities or insurance? What's in that number? What are the assessments there that are driving that and what do you think the likelihood is that we are going to see another 5 or $10 billion hit next quarter?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Maybe I'll just, no comment on our overall basis and if Elias wants to add anything, I'll certainly open the mike to him. I think the principle driver of the fair value marks that we're taking on our GAAP financials, is based upon market pricing. Market prices were both underlying collateral with any mortgage type exposure or structured securities continues to be very adverse in today's marketplace. You have a market that's, first of all, adverse to these types of risks. Secondly, illiquid, there is a very little trading going on. And then you also have sales of securities that are done on a for sale or on fire sale type of basis that also dive the entire market now. There is also the very little distinguishing characteristic in the market today in pricing between different vintages. Our portfolio is principally 2005 and prior as we've highlighted before. But the pricing and the market of CDOs and underlying collateral is really not distinguishing properly in our view between different performances characteristics of those vintages. Alois, do you have anything further on that.
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services: Yes. Couple of quick points. That from an accounting perspective the fair value we reflect what's the exit price or liquidation price of the transaction today in the current market and the way we value this portfolio that came to us holding the actual CDO security. So there is a hefty liquidity premium that's going in the evaluation. On the stress analysis, what that stress analysis is looking at if we hold the position until maturity, how much cash do we expect to loose from today through the maturity of that position. And so that's kind of the highlight the difference between our credit analysis, estimates and the evaluations that we are using from the financial reporting perspective.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: So, can you give a blunt number around, sort of an average recovery expectation or something like that, to just trying to get a flavor for what you are thinking?
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services: In the evaluations itself?
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Yes.
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services: The recovery expectation will be the difference between the stress scenarios that we show and the mark that's been taken.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay.
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services: And again those are not expected losses, those are stress case analysis. So we're not giving expected loss-mark because we really have no way to base that. We can use scenarios and I would suggest, you take a look in the larger presentation that we posted last night, the credit presentation, pages 14 through 23. I think give you a lot of information about first of all, how the stress test moved from last quarter's number to where they are now. And secondly, the underlying assumptions around frequency and severity associated with those two different stress analysis. And you'll see, as I noted in my remarks, that they are print some pretty conservative assumptions on those.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay. I'll check that out. And then just lastly, Bob with regards to your conversations with Hank Greenberg, has there been any progress on that front?
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we continue to talk I've just spoken to him as recently as a few days ago. I'm not going to disclose kind of the progress or the nature of the conversations but we continue to talk to each other.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Thanks a lot.
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: You have a question from Andy Den [ph], RBC. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, could you give us some more color on the securities lending losses?
Unidentified Company Representative: yes, maybe we'll give that one to Richard Scott.
Richard W. Scott - Senior Vice President - Investments: The securities involved are primarily direct securitizations of mortgage home of various types. But primarily sub-prime and Alt A they were initially AAA in the mark-to-market which is what's going through the OTTD calculation is just that. It's taking the market price of those securities as they are currently trading and marking it through our income statement.
Unidentified Analyst: To securities you held that were downgraded? Actually most of them have not been downgraded the bulk of them were AAA floaters.
Richard W. Scott - Senior Vice President - Investments: Its another... it's a function of pricing again, it's the same explanation I just gave to Andrew on the CDOs, its is the same market price phenomena that's driving the price valuation on the RMBS collateral that back the securities lending for.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then was any of it due to a mismatch in the duration of the financing?
Richard W. Scott - Senior Vice President - Investments: No, the duration is primarily... there are floating rate-to-floating rate so no, I would not characterize it is a duration mismatch.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Tom Cholnoky, Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, good morning, thank you, I've got two questions, Bob if your fact historically at AIG one of the hallmarks of the company was is it's willingness and ability to take risk and generate returns that were clearly in excess so if what other companies were able to do, and given the underlying trends in your core businesses and your focus on what appears to be de-risking the businesses. How would you really access the core earnings power of the company, especially in light of previous management's target of a 15% ROE over the next five years? And then I have got a follow-up.
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, I think you know that the hallmark of AIG historically has been its ability and willingness to take risks and I will say prudent risks out in my judgment anyway largely in its core business of property and casualty and life underwriting. I think as you look now you see again in retrospect much of the problems that have come about, have been a concentration of risk in the U.S. housing market both in the investment portfolio and [indiscernible] but it's default swap, my own view is that lowering the level of risk will be making sure of that we are getting paid adequately for the risk that we take I mean if you look at the impact in financial products area these are relatively small... and narrow margins for what's now turned out to be a much greater amount of risk than I think any body anticipated. So, I think we will stick to where we have competitive advantages which is essentially in our core insurance business and I think as we go through this review process we need to better understand the amount of risk that we have taken whether we are going to get adequately compensated [indiscernible]. Many of these businesses that have performed quite well in the past have been a byproduct of company that was AAA rated which we don't now have. So I think the environment's changed and the competitive landscape has changed and obviously the ratings of the company have changed and I think we have to factor that into our judgments.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Does that mean that 15% that was earned is no longer something that makes sense in the current environment?
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly in the current environment, it would be hard to say, put your finger on any return. I think as we go through this evaluation and hopefully in September we'll be able to talk about what we think the returns will be as we kind of look at the composition of the portfolio businesses going forward. But I'd be hesitant to put a number on it right now.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: And do you think, and how do you think or how do you... what are the rating agencies saying to you currently I haven't seen any of them come out to make any pronouncements but given your most recent results, do you foresee any changes in the way that they are viewing the company?
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we've spent time with the rating agencies that we just haven't heard back from them. They haven't made any public statements. So we're waiting to hear.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And sorry one last question, if I can on ILFC real quickly. There's been a lot of speculation in the market if oil tends to trade back up to 140 that the global airline industry will start to have some significant problems in terms of being able to keep airplanes in the air and is there any risk that you could envision where perhaps the residual values of your fleets could be impaired, if somebody could comment on that?
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I will make one comment, maybe turn it over to Allan [indiscernible]. Our most recent review of that business is that all of those claims [ph] have been put out on lease and well I think every body understands that there is a potential for some risk going forward in the airline business. I think ILFC really is a premier company with a market leadership position and has proven very adept at dealing with a lot of these problems insuring that these aircrafts are leased but Allan maybe you want to comment?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I think what I would add to that is that we have by far the most fuel efficient fleet that's out there in general and so where there are airlines now that will be trying to get less fuel efficient airplanes out of their fleet and they, and in the current financing environment where they are having problems taking on an incremental airplanes that they would be looking for leasing and we have got the right product for what they need to deal with the higher cost of fuel.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great thank you.
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Tom Gallagher, Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Hi, few questions, first for Bob, just broadly speaking I know you are not really prepared to go into specifics but broadly speaking when you mention risk reduction as a strategy does that contemplate meaningful reduction of housing related exposure, or do you still think that's too cost prohibitive based on a liquidity? Its question number one. Related question is your consideration here to reducing the types of assets that you invest in including private equity and hedge funds a potential reduction in allocation to those asset classes. And then why don't stop with those and I have a few follow-ups.
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, your comment about cost prohibitive on housing obviously is the challenge we face... we continue to look at any number of options again given the analysis that we shown around the stress testing, most everything we think that might be available in the marketplace would be cost prohibitive. But we are going to continue to look at all those of things. Obviously, any effort to de-risk that part of the business would be an important decision for us and obviously we'd have to look at the cost implications of that. I think on the second question obviously, investment performance and investment income is down considerably against the high watermark of last year much of it driven by private equity and alternative. Again we think that business for the long term has good returns attached to it and I think it's a question of risk, it's a question of timing and obviously it will create more lumpy if you will investment returns but I think over the long term that's a decent asset class first to be in.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just a couple of other questions, one on some disclosure you have on VIEs I believe there is 38 billion of worst case losses at least as indicated in your 10-Q, can you comment a little bit about how much of this should we think about being first loss or subordinated positions versus being more of a carry pursue investor with collateral pulls that you've originated? So that's the question on the VIE. Another question I had on the regulatory capital CDS on the market took, Steve if I understood you correctly, you said it was $125 million mark related to one contract for 1.6 billion that you had expected to mature that didn't, and that looks to be if I am right about an 8% mark. How should we think about as that relates to the remaining 307 billion of the notional led west. Should we think about all of that being assumed to run off and that which is does not run off, would have a similar mark or maybe you can help us think through that? Thanks.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: yes. Let me take that question and then we'll go to VIEs in a second. This particular trade, and again I'll let Elias amply on it, had different characteristics in terms of the underlying reference pools, than the rest of regulatory capital relief books. So, the reason we separated it out is because we don't see that as being indicative of evaluation or the remainder of that portfolio. The remainder of the portfolio continues to show terminations, many of them earlier than we expect at either at no cost or some times with a payment to AIG for termination as the regulatory capital relief is no longer provided to the counter-party as they implement Basel II. This particular run had different features and may be Eli, you can just explain that.
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services: Yes. I'd be happy to. In this one transaction... the difference in this transaction is we run a security that is Vera [ph], a security that was backed by mortgages while in the rest of the regulatory capital portfolio, we entered into a derivative with the bank on loans that they spectate on their balance sheet. And in this case through our surveillance and monitoring, we understood that their counterparty's motivation has gone beyond capital relief for other purposes. And we continue to monitor as we've said before the portfolio very closely, say very close our counterparty. And we educate ourselves from the 80 plus billion in transactions that's have already been terminated early during the year, which have told us that for those types of derivatives that are used for capital management purposes, the value propositions that our counterparties are seeing is insensitive to what's happening to spreads in the marketplace. And we continued to believe at this point, based on the data that's available for us if the rest of the portfolio is being used for capital management purposes and once that benefit disappears, the intent of the counterparty is to unwind its transaction. And therefore, we believe the market we have on those today on the balance sheet as of June 30 is the right mark for that portfolio.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would also point out Tom that the... if you have a chance, take a look at page 9 of the credit presentation. That shows the reference pool losses to-date against the weighted average attachment points on these different pools. And I think you'll see that they are extremely low.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. So just a follow-up on that. So, is it fair to say, this was more of a one off transaction embedded within the pool, where the risk or the quality of the collateral was not nearly as good as what's left? I guess mine only concern here would be, if we roll forward several quarters and we keep thinking about the embedded assumptions for how fast this runs off and maybe some of it doesn't run off, would we see marks that are somewhat similar, even considering the fact that losses maybe way away from attachments. I'm just worried more about the marks that we might see on this.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'll let Elias or Andy Foster talk but its not... it really wasn't a... it's not a quality of collateral issue. It's more of the form of the underlying collateral. Andy do you want to just talk about that on this transaction?
Unidentified Company Representative: yes, sure. I think, the quality of this transaction is indicative of those transaction we have. There is no change there as Steve mentioned. And going forward, as Eli said, we will continue to monitor the transactions and ensure that the motivations remain consistent with our current beliefs.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks. And then on the VIEs.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I'll let David Herzog, our Chief Accounting Officer to talk about that one.
David Herzog - Chief Accounting Officer: Hi Tom. It's David. The best performance [ph] so that exposure we are indeed credit pursue with the equity holders.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: And David is there an equity sort of first loss position content there, if we were to say starting with the 38 billion?
David Herzog - Chief Accounting Officer: No. Tom No. These investments are recorded on our... most of them are consolidated on our balance... included on our balance sheet, not consolidated but included on the balance sheet and again it's not a first loss.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Got it. So the 438 is prior to sale.
David Herzog - Chief Accounting Officer: That's correct. As performance of its credit pursuit.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot.
Operator: We have a question from Jay Gelb, Lehman Brothers. Your line is now opened.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. I was hoping if you could give us a sense of what your minimum target ratings would be for as with the corporate level for financial strength as well as senior long-term debt?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jay, its Steve. I think our target is to maintain our current rating levels. I don't think we have a minimum target level that we are shooting for her. So, that's a tough question to answer beyond that.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That's fair. And then, as we get closer to the results of the strategic review, should investors be prepared for earnings or balance sheet charges related to that?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That would be premature to say. I don't think that's necessarily part of any expectation. Obviously, if we were to decide to the best of assets, I suppose could be some charges for that. But that's not the thought process I think right now.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Will there be a reserve review on the property casualty businesses part of the strategic review or might that come later?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I don't know if that's necessarily a strategic issue. I think that goes on a regular basis.
Frank H. Douglas - Vice President and Casualty Actuary: yes. This is Frank Douglas. We... many different sets of eyes review our reserves every quarter. We do a fairly complete update of the reserves for each profits and our each quarter. That's what you see in the results. We have outside eyes also look at the number on a regular basis. So, we're pretty comfortable that many folks has need to, are already reviewing the results.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Alain Karaoglan, Banc of America Securities. Your line is now opened.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: Good morning. I have several questions. The first one relates to the capital, the $20 billion in capital that was raised already. Where have you allocated the... to which segments of the business that is found a home and do you have any left or has it been all allocated or you expect to allocate it in the third quarter?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Alain, its Steve. No. It has not been all allocated. There is a large sum of it left. The allocation that's been made so far has been... some of it to the domestic life and retirement clearances companies for capital purposes. And the most of it I would say has been used to... for AIGFP purposes in terms of collateral.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: Okay. In terms of the de-risking of the company, I assume if you are going to de-risk that means you are going to lower the risk on the investment portfolio. And the question that I have is in, should you be selling so much and fix annuities outside the U.S. which depend on it... which is a spread business, or is that going to force you to maintain a riskier portfolio Bob than you would like because you've sold these annuities on the crediting at minimum rates? And related to that, on the partnership income really the issue is not one of volatility and whether you should have any at all. But isn't that more the size of the partnership investments compared to other companies that is more significant, so while you might still have some, it should going to de-risk, you should have less of it?
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, in response to the last question, in terms of partnership income, I am not sure again I haven't looked at it from a competitive point of view very closely. But given the size of our balance sheet, the 3, 4% that we have is, seems to me is not unreasonable given again the size of this balance sheet. I think to try and response your first question, when I think about de-risking, I think about businesses that I'll say are not necessarily core to our overall franchise. And I think there are lot components both to the property and casualty as well as the life business that we need to look at carefully. But again, I think there is a certain amount of risk one has to take to be in these businesses to be a leading player in the industry. So, again all of those things are certainly going to be the part of the review process. But we'll look at the investment portfolio as well.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: And could you update us on this CFO search and what your expectations are?
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the process is ongoing. I've met with the number of the potential candidates, very attractive. And I expect over the course of the next six to eight weeks to have that resolved, if not sooner.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: Thank you very much.
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: We have a question from Jay Cohen, Merrill Lynch. Your line is now opened.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Just some unrelated questions, first is on the domestic retirement, the fixed annuities individual, fixed annuities. It look like on a consecutive quarter bases, not only did the base yield go down, but it look like the cost of funds went up. So I guess the crediting rate went up. Why would that occur when base yields are coming down?
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi. This is Jay Wintrob. Good morning. Just a couple of comments other than just back track on... I'll answer earlier question on, I do not know if you are connecting partnerships with fixed annuity crediting rates. But as... for our pricing purposes, the returns on partnership investments are not factored into the pricing we use on our credited interest rates as in the side. The reason cost of funds went up is pretty straightforward. In the quarter you had along the yield curve treasuries, the treasury curve is shifting up at the longer duration by way of example. Two year tier was up a 103 basis points, five year tier was up 89 basis points, 10 year tier was up 56. So, it's logical that some of that increases would be reflected as we adjust our crediting interest rate on new business, not all of it of course because new business is just a component of the overall block. And the primary reason I think was mentioned earlier on the declining of base yield was directly related to what Steve mentioned, which was the prudent build up of liquidity in those portfolios.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: That makes sense. Thanks. Second question, this is probably a quick one. In the other income, the other unallocated expenses were up quite a bit and there were something as charge for settlement of dispute. I'm wondering if you can quantify that that was a material reason why those expenses went up.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That was a $100 million, Jay.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Pretty material. Can you talk about the dispute that was settled?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It was relating to our buyout of the remaining interest in Ascot in London and you know fully resolved.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's great. Thanks Steve. And then last question on UGC, I guess the losses have just been so astronomical. It's really mind boggling. When did these losses peak? Can you look out at all and give us any sense of when these losses will at least peak and level off?
William V. Nutt, Jr - President and Chief Executive Officer UGC: Jay, this is Billy Nutt. Good morning. Obviously, the ongoing disruption... in the deepening disruption in the housing market is placing pressure on our first and second lean losses as well as those of the rest of our industry. We anticipate that the housing market is not going to stabilize until the middle... or to the second half of next year. Combined that with weakening in the economy... ongoing weakening in the economic environment that it's going to continue to challenge our domestic businesses. And therefore, we expect losses to continue at their current levels for the next several quarters. And we think that 2009 is going to be a challenging year as well.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Is it fair to say that the loss in 2009 might be smaller than 2008?
William V. Nutt, Jr - President and Chief Executive Officer UGC: It's hard to tell at this point in time. It should not be any worse than 2008. But again that depends upon how much further this housing market deteriorates. And whether we go into a rather strong economic recession.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Billy, have you made any management changes at this... at the company?
William V. Nutt, Jr - President and Chief Executive Officer UGC: I don't anticipate any management changes. Perhaps I should defer that to Bob.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: So, I'm saying going to say that have you management changes for your rank and file?
William V. Nutt, Jr - President and Chief Executive Officer UGC: Yes. We've done some restructuring within our domestic group and we have made some management changes. In order to consolidate some businesses as you know, we have significantly contracted our second lean business. We reengineered that business and we've made some management changes and some in-forced reductions as a result of those changes.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Alright. Thanks for the answers.
Unidentified Company Representative: Operator, we can take one more question please.
Operator: We have a question from Larry Greenberg, Langen McAlenney. Your line is now opened.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Thank you very much, and good morning. Just back to CDOs for a moment. I am wondering if you have an opinion and the argument that some people have made that some underlying trends in the collateral backing these instruments have actually improved specifically that the inflow of new problems, sub-prime loans Tess load and there is lower roll rate into lead delinquency buckets.
Kevin B. McGinn - Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Hi, Larry, good morning. This is Kevin McGinn. As you know the CDO collateral that the sub-prime and Alt A collateral that backs our CDOs is heavily from the 2005 vintage in fact about 71% of it is from the first half of '05 and before...
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Okay.
Kevin B. McGinn - Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: And yes, there is definitely been a slowdown in the... especially in the last three months. We've seen early indications that the pipeline is definitely slowing down. And that is as we expected because as the adjustable rate mortgages flowed through the pipeline we did expect to see as those things reset the data to improve... is slightly improving. The rate of growth is definitely slowed dramatically. The '06 and '07 though continues to not show any appreciable decline. We don't have a lot of that in the CDO pulls as you know it. So it's only a small component of it, but we are encouraged obviously by the '05 development.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Okay, great and then can you give us an update on the material weakness as it relates to CDS valuation?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, we can do that, I think we are continuing to make the necessary investments in people and process and automation around that whole area. So I would say that we are hopefully on track to meet our objectives for remediation by the end of the year, that's our objective.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: What part of the conclusion of that... your ability to move away from valuing the portfolio as if you own the underlying CDO and go back to some sort of CDS valuation, negative basis adjustment is that part of the thinking?
Unidentified Company Representative: No, that's really not, it's the market observeability will dictate any changes in methodology as of right now, we don't see any thing that will lead us to believe that the absorbability of negative spreads is any where near on the horizon.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Great, and then just switching gears a little bit. On property cash little lost reserves, I know its been discussed in past quarters but the persistence of problems with the 2001 and prior business, in the face of most of the industry recognizing pretty consistent redundancies in the lost reverses. I recognized the challenges of excess casualty on some long tail lines but I mean there has to be some urgency to put this issue behind the company and I am just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on that.
Frank H. Douglas - Vice President and Casualty Actuary: Yes, this is Frank Douglas I guess just a recap briefly what we generally do to set over there as you probably know, we relay on historical loss emergence pattern. We do the same thing for excess casualty. When you get reported emergence as we have in the past couple of years that has exceeded that historical norm, you are going to get adverse development. So simplistically that's what been occurring for excess casualty including many kinds of latent [ph] claims, which we described to you in the 10-Q in some detail. Why are we seeing that more than other companies I think a simple answer is no other company, I think you are probably comparing us to or had anywhere near the market share of excess causality that we did. We had a very large share of the market in the late 1990s, as you know that's turned out to be a very unprofitable time, particularly for excess causality and we're still despite the very adverse results, we've recognized through the years, we're still seeing higher than expected emergence patterns coming from those years. The good news is that the more recent years even for excess casualty continue to develop favorably. As we're concerned about those older years, the overall active book, certainly the last three or fours accident years, five accident years has developed very favorably and I'd say very comparable to these of the other companies you're comparing us to, who don't have an excess causality book, besides of what we have. And I'll just add, we have added 3 billion to our reserves, year-to-date and I don't think the competition has increased reserves significantly, at least mush of it. So I think that's partly the result of our quarterly updates where we are telling you what we are seeing and if we are seeing a neat increased reserves that's what we reflect.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Thank you.
Robert B. Willumstad - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Again I want to thank everybody for taking the time and we look forward to seeing you in September. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Charlene M. Hamrah - VP and Director, IR Martin Sullivan - President, CEO Steven J. Bensinger - EVP and CFO Edmund S. W. Tse - Senior Vice Chairman, Life Insurance Frank G. Wisner - Vice Chairman, External Affairs Kristian P. Moor - President and CEO, AIG Property Casualty Group Win J. Neuger - EVP and Chief Investment Officer David Herzog - Sr. VP, Comptroller William Dooley - Sr. VP, Financial Services
Analysts: Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan Alain Karaoglan - Banc Of America Securities Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Andrew Kligerman - UBS Tom Gallagher - Credit Suisse Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch Jonathan Adams - Oppenheimer Capital Scott Frost - HSBC
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are on listen-only. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to inform participants that today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And I would also like to turn the call over to your conference host this morning to Ms. Charlene Hamrah, you may begin.
Charlene M. Hamrah - Vice President and Director, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us this morning to discuss AIG's first quarter 2008 earnings report. Before we begin, I would like to remind you again that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management, operations, products and services and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially from the anticipated results and financial conditions indicated in these projections and statements. Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ possibly materially from those in this specific projections and statements are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors of AIG's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, as well as in the outlook section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period-ended March 31, 2008. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the first quarter 2008 financial supplement, which is available in the Investor Information section of AIG's corporate website. And now, I would like to turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much, Charlene and good morning ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I'm joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. As we anticipated in our fourth quarter earnings discussion, the US housing market has remained weak, and credit market disruption has persisted in the first quarter of 2008. These external factors cause AIG to report additional unrealized market valuation losses and impairment charges, which negatively affected reported results. Additionally, market conditions were not good for our alternative investment portfolio leading to a decline in partnership income from a record high in the first quarter of 2007 creating a significant unfavorable comparison. Excluding these external market issues, the underlying fundamentals of our core businesses remain solid, and several units performed quite well in the quarter. As we will discuss, top line production was strong in many of our businesses and operations facing... many of our operations facing competitive market challenges and maintaining their focus on profitable growth and underwriting discipline. Additionally, as announced last evening, we have initiated a process to raise $12.5 billion of capital through the issuance of common stock, equity linked and high equity content fixed income securities. We are being asked why we raised the dividend, when we are also in a capital-raising mood. The answer is that the dividend increase is a reflection of both the Board's... of the Board and management's long-term view of the strength of that company's business, earnings, and capital generating power. The capital raised is a response to the events of the last two quarters and its effect on our capital position. It will fortify the fortress balance sheet you expect us to maintain and provide us with increased financial flexibility in these turbulent times. It will also position us well for the future. The two are simply reflections of a positive long-term view and a prudent response to the current environment. Last night, two of our major rating agencies, downgraded AIG's holding company rating by one notch to AA minus, and placed it somewhat pending the completion of our capital raising. A one-notch downgrade of the holding company is very manageable for us and we do not believe that it will have significant effect on our operations. Importantly, both agencies kept the financial strength ratings of our insurance company subsidiaries at the AA plus level, which is most important to us. Now, let me provide a brief review of our results. As you have seen AIG reported a net loss of $7.81 billion in the first quarter of 2008, and an adjusted net loss of $3.56 billion. There were five principal factors that affected our performance in the quarter. First, we've reported a net unrealized market valuation loss of $9.11 billion pretax or $5.92 billion after-tax related to the AIG financial products, super senior credit default swap portfolio. Second, net income was affected by $3.965 billion in after-tax net realized capital losses. The pretax net realized capital losses of $6.09 billion, included $5.59 billion for other than temporary impairment charges, with the majority relating to severity losses. The impairment charges, resulted primarily from the significant rapid declines in market values of certain residential mortgage-backed securities and other structured securities in the first quarter for which AIG concluded it could not assert the recovery period would be temporary. Though there is diversity in practice within the industry on determining impairments, we believe the judgments we have made are prudent. A third significant driver was net investment income performance, primarily the [inaudible] returns on our partnership and other alternative investments. We reported aggregate partnership income of $197 million in the first quarter of 2008, a $1 billion decline from the first quarter of 2007. Mutual Fund income also declined compared to a strong first quarter of 2007. In response to the market disruption, AIG has been increasing its liquidity position and investing in shorter duration investments. Our overall cash position has increased 9% from year-end 2007. While prudent in the current environment, such actions had a negative effect on overall investment yields, primarily in domestic life insurance and retirement services. The fourth area affecting our results was a continued unfavorable results at United Guaranty and American General Finance. The operating results of these businesses have been and will likely continue to be affected into 2009 by continued credit quality deterioration of mortgages, a weak residential housing market and the overall US economy. Fifth, we saw a market volatility affect individual segments to a lesser degree. For example Foreign Life Insurance and Retirement Services results included $88 million in trading account losses related to certain UK variable annuity products and an $80 million increase incurred policyholder benefits related to a close block of Japan variable life business with guaranteed benefits. At March 31, 2008, shareholders equity stood at $79.7 billion, a $16.1 billion decline from year-end. The decline in shareholders equity was largely the result of the first quarter loss as well as a $6.8 billion in after-tax, unrealized depreciation of investments included in other comprehensive income, and a $1.1 billion decrease to 2008 opening shareholders equity due to the adoption of FAS 157 and FAS 159. Looking beyond the effects of market volatility, AIG's core insurance businesses are performing quite well. General Insurance operating income declined compared to first quarter of 2007, primarily due to lower partnership income and unfavorable loss development in certain segments. In particular, Foreign and General produced excellent premium growth then original currency, driven by strong accident and health production, commercial lines growth in Europe including the Wuba, the company we acquired in Germany and increases in all lines in Latin America. With a 51.78% loss ratio, selling and general continue to produce excellent underwriting results. Net premiums written in the Commercial Insurance Group declined due to return premiums related to loss sensitive policies, declines in workers' compensation and increased competition. Workers' compensation remains under considerable pressures as statutory rates continue to decline. Rates in most lines have also declined due to competitive pressure particularly for aviation; excess casualty and D&O. Commercial property and other rights are also declining following relatively low catastrophe losses. In domestic personal lines, we achieved strong premium growth in the private client group, with virtually no growth in direct and Agency Auto. First quarter loss experience however was unsatisfactory. The overall market has softened considerably. In response to the changing market conditions, we are filing rate increases and tightening underwriting guidelines to improve results. While UGC's results continue to be affected by the deterioration of the US housing market, the company is prudently pursuing opportunities of favorable terms and conditions through the increased use of mortgage insurance on domestic first-lien mortgages. Net investment income in certain products and life insurance and retirement services were negatively affected by the volatile markets in the first quarter. However, our ongoing focus on product innovation and multi-distribution led to strong premium and deposit growth in most lines and regions. The Domestic Life Insurance business reported improved operating income in the quarter due to an increase in payout annuity business and growth in the life insurance in force. The US life insurance market remains competitive and we remain focused on achieving profitable growth while maintaining margins in this business. In Domestic Retirement services, the significant increase in individual fixed annuity deposits is due to the continued improvement in the yield curve environment and less competitive crediting rates from the bank and money market fund products. Despite pressures in the equity markets, individual and group retirement variable annuity sales improved slightly, while surrender rates and net flows improved to all three retirement services lines. Overall, excluding the effective market volatility, AIG's Foreign Life Insurance and Retirement Services operations performed well with continued growth in premiums and reserves. Results also benefited from favorable foreign exchange. As we addressed in our recent investor conference, our global footprint, long-term presence in many growing and emerging markets and ability to maximize our broad product range and multiple distribution channels are key advantages that will continue to drive growth. For example, we were able to take advantage of our extensive bank insurance relationships in Japan to offer a single premium [inaudible] A&H product that generated substantial sales in the quarter following the full deregulation of bank channel in December. And while Financial Services results continued to be affected by the marks on the credit default swap portfolio, and lower operating income from AGF, there remain clear strengths and potential in each of the businesses. ILFC continues to produce exceptional results. Despite recent headlines about the health of the US airline industry, ILFC remains well positioned given its emphasis on [inaudible] markets and its ability to the manage the placement of its fleet. Excluding the effects of the super senior CDS marks and the adoption of FAS 157, and FAS 159, AIGF enjoyed good performance from commodity index and currency products and energy and infrastructure investments. This performance reinforces the fact that credit derivatives are not AIGFPs only line of business. Throughout its history, the majority of AIGFP's businesses have generated excellent returns to efficiently utilize capital and generated low volatility in its economic results. I should also reiterate that the super senior business is essentially in run-off with regulatory capital transactions ending as a result of Basel II and the fact that AIGFP substantially stop writing credit default swaps on multi-set to CDO's with sub prime collateral at the end of 2005. Despite the near-term pressures on its results, AGF's management of credit, mortgage credit risks through disciplined underwriting, conservative lending standards and emphasis on fixed rate loans has enabled the company to perform better than its peer group. The company prudently increased its finance receivables with the acquisition of the Equity One portfolio that added receivables due to credit quality, similar to AGF's portfolio as well as 130,000 new accounts in attractive regions. Loan growth particularly in Poland and Latin America and recently acquired businesses in India and Thailand were the primary drivers of strong first quarter revenue growth in the Consumer Finance Group. This business continues to explore opportunities to expand its geographic presence in emerging and developing countries throughout the world. For example, during the quarter, we've reached an agreement to purchase the third largest consumer finance company in Colombia. Asset management results reflect lower partnership income, lower carried interest and increased depreciation and amortization expense on real estate investments and operating losses on consolidated private equity investments in institutional asset management. Growth in client assets will provide ongoing base management fees as well as the opportunity to own future performance fees. Non-affiliated client assets under management increased 19% year-over-year to $91.4 billion. Our institutional asset management business generated $2 billion of gross new business wins from new and existing clients that could result in challenging market conditions. Before turning to your Q&A, Steve will now provide you with a brief update on our exposure to the credit, current credit market conditions. This presentation and additional supplemental materials are currently available on our website. Now let me turn the call over to Steve.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Martin and good morning. I will refer to the file entitled conference call credit presentation accessible on our Investor Relations website. First on capital markets. As itemized on page eight, the total net notional exposure in AIGFP Super Senior CDS portfolios was $469.5 billion as of March 31. The portfolio of credit defaults swaps is divided into three major categories; regulatory capital motivated transactions in respect of corporate debt and European residential mortgages, corporate debt arbitrage transactions and transactions in respect of multi-sector CDOs. The portfolio is essentially in run-off and during the quarter, the notional exposure in the portfolio declined by almost $58 billion resulting from amortization, maturities, and early terminations of regulatory capital transactions by counter parties. In the quarter, AIG recorded a further pretax unrealized market valuation loss on the AIGFP Super Senior CDS portfolio of $9.1 billion, bringing the total unrealized market valuation loss at March 31, to $20.6 billion. The regulatory capital book is the largest by notional amount, representing $191.6 billion in corporate and $143.3 billion in European mortgages. These transactions were structured to provide counter parties with regulatory capital relief in their respective regulatory jurisdictions, rather than risk mitigation. Counter-parties achieved lower capital charges under the Basel I Accord by entering into credit derivatives on portfolios of corporate loans and residential mortgages with AIGFP. Typically, the transactions are subject to both regulatory and contractual call by the counter-parties as Basel II takes effect in Europe, as Martin noted. In fact, as of April 30, $55 billion in notional exposure has either been terminated or is in the process of being terminated. The expected maturity of the transactions based only on the contractual call dates is 1.3 years and 2.5 years respectively, but many of these trades may be terminated by the counter-parties earlier than that. These transactions are highly customized and are protected by significant subordination with high attachment points. AIG conducted a comprehensive analysis of information available at quarter-end including counter-party motivation, portfolio performance, marketplace indicators, and transaction specific considerations. This fundamental credit analysis does not indicate any significant risk of suffering realized losses. Regarding valuation, the most compelling market observable data are these early terminations without any cost to AIGFP. Hence, AIG believes that it should not record a valuation adjustment on these trades for the first quarter of 2008, and we have not. We will continue however to monitor developments in the marketplace and are counter-party's behavior to assess the valuation of this portfolio and there can be no assurance that AIG will not recognize unrealized market valuation losses on this book in future periods. AIGFP's arbitrage motivated corporate book represented $57.1 billion in notional exposure as of March 31, down $13.3 billion from year-end. The underlying collateral in these deals has comprised of primarily investment grade corporate debt, and to a much lesser extent, collateralized loan obligations. AIGFP recorded an unrealized market valuation loss of $900 million in the first quarter as a result of general credit spread widening experienced in the market indices that are highly correlated to the exposures in the book. This mark brings our cumulative valuation loss on this category to $1.1 billion. Our fundamental analysis and stress testing does not indicate any significant risk of incurring realized losses in this portfolio. AIGFP's exposure to multi-sector CDO's and its Super Senior credit derivative portfolio, the third category of exposure totaled $77.5 billion as of March 31, of which $60.6 billion had some level of exposure to sub-prime mortgages. As we said in previous presentations, during 2005, AIGFP observed deterioration in underwriting standards, structures and documentation and essentially ceased committing to new residential mortgage transactions in late 2005 into very early 2006. Therefore, the exposure to the 2006 and 2007 vintages in our collateral pool is limited to $2 billion and $1.9 billion respectively. The attachment points for these transactions are extremely important features to reduce risk in these deals. As shown on page A3 in the appendix, of the deals with some sub-prime exposure, the attachment points range from an average of 15.5% on the high grade deals to an average of 38% on the deals with mezzanine collateral. Other important risk mitigants in the Super Senior structures of AIGFP are the payment priorities reflected in the cash flow waterfalls that benefit the Super Senior layers. While the Super Senior tranches we protect always sit at the top of the payment waterfall as it is applied to the capital structure. When it comes to being paid, this position is typically further enhanced by the existence of one or more over collateralization or interest coverage tests that if breached further direct available cash flows to amortize our position more rapidly. As shown on page 34, AIG recorded a further pretax unrealized market valuation loss in this category in the quarter of $8 billion, bringing the cumulative valuation loss to $19.3 billion. AIG follows a rigorous process to determine its best estimate of fair value for these credit derivatives on multi-sector CDO's. This process is required because there are no observable market prices for the actual credit derivatives AIGFP has written. Therefore, AIGFP utilizes a modified version of the binomial expansion technique or BET model to value these derivatives. On the earnings call in February, we explained our valuation methodology in great detail. Today I will just refer you to pages 35 through 40 of our presentation slides for the detailed review. Although the fair value of the CDS under GAAP is our best estimate of the fair value of the underlying CDOs, the substantial risk that AIGFP covers for the CDO investors is the risk of suffering actual realized losses, not the variance in fair value of the CDOs. Therefore, AIG has undertaken fundamental credit stress test to analyze the risk of actually suffering realized losses. On page 21, we illustrate the static rating agency migration analysis we conducted as of year-end, which resulted in a modeled stress scenario realizable loss of approximately $900 million. Given the further rating agency downgrades in the underlying collateral securities occurring since year-end, and deploying the same static stress to the portfolio with new ratings, the number has increased to $1.25 billion. During the first quarter of 2008, AIG developed a new methodology to estimate more precisely its potential realized losses from this portfolio. This methodology described on pages 27 through 29 combines the roll estimate of the losses emanating from the sub-prime and all day collateral securities in the CDOs plus an estimated losses arising from the CDOs inside the collateral pools known as inner CDOs. In the roll rate analysis, the rates on mortgages in various stages of delinquency are projected out at various rates to arrive at total expected defaults. Loss severities are then applied to the defaults to estimate realized losses. Finally, we apply loss estimates to the inner CDOs on the collateral pools using loss estimates that depend on the vintage of the CDO, its type and it's rating. On page 29, we show the results of this analysis, showing a range of loss between $1.2 billion and $2.4 billion. The estimate of potential realized loss is like the static rating stress far below the cumulative GAAP valuation loss posted of $19.3 billion for this book. AIG is aware that other market participants have used different assumptions and methodologies to estimate the potential losses on AIGFP Super Senior credit derivative portfolio. For example, as described on page 30, our third-party market-based analysis provided to AIG in connection with the capital raising process estimates that potential realized losses are at between $9 billion and $11 billion. AIG has reviewed this third-party analysis, but because of the disruption in the marketplace, we continue to believe that our market-based analysis is not the best methodology to use as a predictor of AIG's potential realized losses. And we do not intend to update this analysis in future periods. So as page 29 shows the disparities between the $19.3 billion fair value estimates and the conservative stress scenario estimates of losses between approximately $1.2 billion and $2.4 billion have grown much wider in the first quarter. These disparities emphasize the effect of marking-to-market the portfolio in the current disrupted, illiquid and distressed CDO markets. We expect market conditions to remain under stress for some time in the residential mortgage markets. Market values will be difficult to discover and secondary market trading will remain thin. Furthermore, the end of a down cycle and credit quality is not over, with delinquencies in various segments still on the rise and house price appreciation in decline. However, through high attachment points and low exposure the later vintage mortgages, AIGFP has structured its Super Senior credit default swap portfolio to withstand considerable stress. I will now move to AIG's insurance investment portfolios. Referring to page 58, our total holdings in residential mortgage-backed securities were $82.3 billion at the end of the first quarter. On the next slide, you will see that our RMBS portfolio continues to be of high quality with approximately 90% being agency paper or AAA rated and approximately 6% AA rated. As shown on page 58, $21.6 billion or 26% of the RMBS portfolio is sub-prime. This portfolio continues to be of high rating quality with 95% still rated AAA or AA. Alt-A holdings at March 31 amounted to $23.7 billion. On page 64, we show that 98.3% of this portfolio is still rated AAA or AA. Despite the overall good credit quality of the insurance portfolio, as a consequence of the deterioration in market valuations of securities particularly in the structured product space we recorded a pretax net realized capital loss of $6.1 billion in the first quarter. However, as noted on page 55, over 90% or $5.6 billion relates to other than temporary impairment charges of which over $4 billion is attributable to severity losses. Severity losses represent rapid and severe market valuation declines, such as that experienced in current credit markets where AIG cannot reasonably assert that the recovery period will be temporary. We do have confidence however that a significant amount of these losses will be recovered over the remaining lives of the securities. We've also recorded in the quarter $10.7 billion before tax of net unrealized depreciation of available for sale investments through accumulated other comprehensive income on the balance sheet. Although many risk assets were affected, over half were predominantly AAA rated RMBS. While AIG has marked these assets down to fair value in this severe housing downturn, we believe the strong credit enhancement levels described on page 57 another structural protections in our RMBS holdings will substantially protect us for recovery of our principles. In fact during the quarter, we received over $2 billion in principle pay down, the same level as in the fourth quarter. As we have discussed in previous presentations, an important component in assessing the risk in our RMBS holdings is the level of credit enhancements or the degree to which a mortgage pool can suffer losses before we experience any permanent loss. On page 61, we've presented our original and current average credit enhancements for the sub-prime 2006 and 2007 vintages, the largest components of our sub-prime holdings and the ones most subject to market pressure. Although the market's loss expectations for these vintages have increased, the average credit enhancements have actually improved. For the 2006 vintage, we have average credit enhancements of 31.7% for our AAA holdings and 23.5% for all holdings below AAA. And for the 2007 vintage, the average credit enhancement is 25.5% for AAA and 21.8% for holdings below AAA. While lifetime loss estimates for 2006 and 2007 vintages have risen into the 20% to 30% range, the combination of excess spread and current credit enhancement provides cushion for our exposures. On pages 69 through 90, we provide detailed information on our CMBS, CDO and monoline related exposures. These portfolios are currently performing well. In fact, the CMBS market, which has been under contagion stress with RMBS, has rallied over the past weeks. In conclusion since August 2007, the broader capital markets have emphasized preservation of liquidity and diversion to risk. The US residential mortgage market has continued to deteriorate with limited financing opportunities for mortgage borrowers and substantial increases in lifetime loss expectations on '06 and '07, US subprime and ALT-A mortgages. This deterioration has increased our mark-to-market and downgrade risks. However, our historical preference for RMBS exposures, high in the capital structure continues to guide our current expectations that the risk of an ultimate loss to investment principal in these securities remains moderate. As we stated in February, we have opportunistically increased liquidity to be prepared for continued market disruption. While larger liquidity positions have cost us some yield in the first quarter, it has also positioned us well to take advantage of compelling market values when we see them and we have begun to do that slowly in the first quarter. Moving to page 94, and AIG's mortgage insurance subsidiary, United Guaranty. The composition of UGC's portfolio has not changed significantly since year-end 2007. However actions taken by UGC including adjustments to underwriting and eligibility requirements and increased pricing combined with more rigorous underwriting standards by UGC's lender customers are targeted and improving the portfolio quality of new business. As shown on page 96, loans with FICO scores less than 620 have decreased to about 7.9% of UGC's domestic mortgage risk, while over 71% of their net risk in force has FICO scores greater than 660. Furthermore, higher risk products such as interest-only and option-adjustable rate mortgages have declined and remained less than 10% of the risk in force. Further to page 97, UGC recorded an operating loss of $354 million in the first quarter, as the benefits from tighter eligibility in underwriting requirements will not be incurred until future periods. The deterioration of the US housing market has affected all segments of the mortgage business but the high LTV second lien product is particularly sensitive and accounts for 43% of UGC's first quarter 2008 domestic mortgage net losses incurred. First lien net losses incurred however are also having a significant effect on operating results and further deterioration is expected in 2008. In summary, UGC expects that the downward market cycle will continue to adversely affect its operating results for the foreseeable future and is likely to result in another significant full-year 2008 operating loss. American General Finance is AIG's domestic consumer finance division. The residential mortgage market deterioration has also affected AGF's results, as operating income fell to $11.4 million from $50 million in the first quarter of 2007, as AGF increased its allowance for finance receivables losses by over $78 million during the quarter. Turning to page 109, during the first quarter of 2008, AGF acquired $1.5 billion in outstanding balances of branch-based consumer loans of Equity One including $1 billion of real estate mortgages. Since the acquisition was completed at the end of February, there is approximately one month of earnings effect in AGF's first quarter results. As shown on page 111, the company's credit quality measurements continue to perform favorably, relatively favorably I should say, despite the current upheaval in the US housing market. AGF's real estate 60 plus day delinquency rate of 2.99% and it's real estate net charge-off ratio of 0.68% are still both below their target ranges which were set by AGF management to denote sound credit quality parameters. This is largely because well over 90% of AGF's mortgages are full documentation fixed-rate mortgages. AGF maintained it's disciplined underwriting approach throughout the rise and subsequent deterioration of the residential real estate markets by continually reevaluating guidelines and adjusting as appropriate. This has resulted in delinquency and charge-off rates that continue to be better than industry experienced rates albeit at the expense of growth. AGF believes that the housing market will likely continue to deteriorate for the reminder of 2008. But, the company's business model and underwriting approach are sound, and will allow the company to continue to pursue opportunities as they arise. Now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks very much, Steve. On our fourth quarter call, I made the point that we are obviously witnessing and living through extraordinary market conditions. We have now [ph] illusions about the challenges ahead in the remainder of 2008, and recognize that many of our businesses while largely affected by external factors fell short of our own high expectations. We have plans to address the issues we face and are confident that we have the right strategies and resources to succeed and generate long-term shareholder value. Now, before we take your questions, you have seen from our release yesterday of Steve's appointment as Vice Chairman, Financial Services. I just want to recognize that Steve has made a significant contribution to AIG over the past three years, as our CFO and has developed a topnotch financial team, which his successor will be fortunate to inherit. The Board and I felt that this was the right time to utilize Steves talents and expertise in a segment of our business that is operating in a challenging environment. So, congratulations to Steve. Ladies and gentlemen, we'd be very happy to respond to any of your questions. Thank you. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we're ready to begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question does come from Nigel Dally of Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you, and good morning. First question, I know you downplayed in your opening statements, but the one-notch ratings down grade. Can you discuss the fundamental impact across your various businesses, especially aircraft leasing. Second, I was just wondering, whether you have an estimate on the CS mark through the end of April, given we have seen some improvement in credit spreads, and then just lastly timing, on the raising of the remaining $5 billion of capital rates. Thanks.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Make sure we've got all your question there Nigel. Okay. Obviously we've given a lot of detailed analysis to the impact of the one-notch down grade of AIG and as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we don't believe that is significant to the operations. The key takeaway there is the ratings of our insurance subsidiaries which were maintained and that's as I said very important areas of possibility obviously of increased funding cost to subsidiary like ILFC, but other than that Steve, I don't think we've identified anything that the challenges, I think we did disclose the collateral.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We did, yes. The result in about $1.6 billion of additional collateral posting, but from an operational perspective, we were prepared as an organization in the event that any downgrade occurred given that we were on both watch and negative outlook from the various rating agencies and these actions should not have any significant effect at all on the operations. As Martin said, we could have a nominal increase in borrowing costs, but we'll see how that turns out. In terms of your second question on the April 30 mark, we do not have an updated mark through April 30. When you look at various portfolios of our business, we can say the following, if you look at what has happened in the credit markets since March 31, clearly you've seen a rally in corporate credit spreads which if it sustains itself, and we can't certainly be certain of that, should have somewhat of a positive effect on that part of our book. If you look at the commercial mortgage- backed securities market that has certainly done somewhat better in the second quarter so far than in the previous few quarters. However, in the highly structured credit market with residential mortgage, sub prime and Alt-A securities, we don't see any precise evidence to date that those markets have rebounded. People point to the ABX Index, we've said pretty consistently that we don't think the ABX is very well correlated to our books, and therefore the volatility both up and down associated with that index is not a good measure of what's happening in our portfolios. The process of coming up with a valuation of those types of securities and CDOs and CDS at this point in time is a long process. It requires significant data input from collateral managers and other market participants that are not available within a short period of time after the end of the month. And so to develop the type of mark that we use for valuation purposes, unfortunately is as a requirement to obtain the information that we can get on a timely basis in these market conditions. With regard to the, your last question was --
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Timing of the fixed, I think the last question Nigel, you had was the timing of the high-equity content fixed income.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: That's right.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We've said that we will launch that shortly after we launch the first two tranches of the capital rates, which are the common equity and the mandatory convertible securities. So we'll... that will be based on our judgment of the market.
Nigel Dally - Morgan Stanley: Very good, thanks.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Jimmy Bhullar of JP Morgan. You may ask your question.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Hi, Thank you. I have a few question, the first one is on your capital. I saw you updated the economic capital model, how much progress have you made in convincing the rating agencies of your output from that model and convincing on the capital position that you're taking 2.5 to 7.5, or just convincing them with that. And then secondly, if you could give us an idea on the sub-prime CDS that you have, the $77 billion notional amount, an idea on the maturity schedule of that, how much of it rolls off over the next year or two years, or over the next three or four years, any metrics that you could give on that? And then finally on loss trends in the P&C business, you had consistent positive development for the last few periods, and this quarter outside of the law sensitive business I think you had adverse development of approximately $175 million. If you could talk to what caused that, is that the total environment or anything else, if you can just talk about, what caused the adverse development in the P&C line?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I think we've got all three there, Jimmy. I think Steve is going to respond to the first point.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, Jimmy. As far as the excess capital position, first let me... before I get to your rating agency point, let me also clarify because I'm sure we'll get the question why did our excess capital range reduce from what was pretty consistently close to 15 to 20 down to 2.5 to 7.5. Using best practice market consistent approaches now towards economic capital modeling the full extent of Level 2 asset changes comes through as a reduction of available economic capital. So this quarter, because we had a significant decline in value of the investment portfolio for the reasons that I cited in my presentation earlier, we had a significant reduction in available economic capital. And despite our views of ultimate realized losses, that comes through at full fair value without adjustments. And so, that that's why the range of excess capital and this is before the capital raise has decreased from 2.5 to 7.5. With regard to your question on rating agencies, the fact is that I don't think there has been significant progress so far with regard to the rating agencies embracing our economic capital modeling, and I think that is a more general issue not just related to AIG. I also think that the credit market events of the last few quarters have certainly been keeping the rating agencies quite busy on other fronts and I'm not sure that this has really gotten their first line attention at this point in time. So, I think a lot of these events were set back and making progress on that. So, the short answer is, our views of our capital and the rating agency's views are different and each of the rating agencies have differences on how they view it as well. So really no progress on that front.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Do you want anything Steve oron the second point, that you've raised, Jimmy, Andy Foster is with us from AIGFP, and he's going to give us some color on that.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay. On the multi-sector CDO's with sub-prime, calculating what the expected average life or expected maturity is that a fairly difficult process to do. We outlined in our presentation that looking at the underlying collateral; we came up the value of around 6 years, 6.5 years for the average life of it. But, the reason its complicated obviously is the different collateral deteriorates and as Martin and Steve alluded to, we have lots of different cash flow triggers in the different deals and is the actually is the quality of collateral is deteriorating, we're triggering a lot of those over collateralization triggers which is actually diverting cash towards us. So, we would hope that the, that our portfolios will pay down faster than what is outlined in the presentation. I think we're in the process of trying to do a better assessment of what those cash flows will be, given these different triggers and, were sort of almost at the end of that process. So, I would hope that, certainly by the next call, we'd be able to give you a more accurate assessment of what that average life would be.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Okay.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: All right. On the third point there Jimmy, I think obviously there was some adverse development in one particular area in excess causality, and I think Ill ask Frank just to give you some additional background there, because that's not necessarily reflective of a trend going forward.
Unidentified Company Representative: That's right, Martin. As you mentioned in the question Jimmy, there was about $175 million of adverse development if you exclude the favorable development from more sensitive business that was driven almost entirely by excess casualty from maximum years primarily in the late 1990's through 2000. It was largely related to one specific exposure MTBE, gasoline additive certain policies during that time period. I can't quote you a number on those exposures exactly since it's litigation at this time. But, if you took excess casualty out of the mix as a whole, or if you just assigned at a normal quarter development, the overall development would have been favorable even including... even excluding the loss sensitive business. So we regard this as largely non-recurring, what happened this quarter relating to MTBE is still going to be out there, excess casualty is always, as you know a long tale line is always the risk of more developments of many latent types. But, this quarter obviously had an outside development, which we don't expect to recur, it hasn't happened in the last couple of years and we don't think it 's a trend of what you should expect to see going forward.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: And you don't believe that the MTBE reserves will develop adversely going forward from here.
Unidentified Company Representative: No, we establish, what we think as the appropriate reserve overall, I mean excess casualty you don't have exact reserves type of exposure what happened this quarter as we learned about certain additional exposures, then we adjusted our overall reserves accordingly, so there is certainly a risk at any particular type of claim could developed further, excess causality that's a risk, we're just always going to have, but this quarter is certainly unique in the magnitude of the adjustment that we made because of information that developed this quarter.
Jimmy Bhullar  JP Morgan: Thank you.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jimmy.
Operator: Alain Karaoglan of Banc Of America Securities. You may ask your question.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc Of America Securities: Good morning.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Alain.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc Of America Securities: I have three questions. The first one with respect to the capital that you're raising of $12.5 billion, what are the use of proceeds in terms of, what are the businesses that you plan do you think you need them, or you plan to deploy them in? The second question with respect to Taiwan, do you have any new thoughts on rather than assuming that interest rates are going to go up and may be taking more risk on the investment portfolio, to clean up the slate, may be take a charge and if interest rates do go up, then we will have a lot better earnings going forward given all the mark-to-markets and the capital that you've raised and third you had a comment in the 10-Q about personalized underwriting results to worsen in further going forward. Were you referring to worsen further from where they were in the first quarter or further from where they were last year?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Well, on the capital our plan obviously is to use it for general purposes, what we have said clearly is that we want fortify, the fortress balance that we have, obviously from our standpoint, we want the ability to continue to grow, while maintaining the strength to withstand potential market volatility that will obviously the financial services sector is facing at the present moment. So, at the present time, it's for general purposes, fortify the fortress balance sheet and to give us the ability to grow in certain areas and obliviously withstand any potential short-term market volatility. Steve, anything.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ill just add that, holding the proceeds in the holding company at the parent company level will give us the optimum financial flexibility to respond to any capital needs that might arise within all the various operating companies that we have and that's our current intention as Martin said.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: I think, Alain in response to your question on Taiwan, I'm going to ask Chris and Edmund to give you some additional background on that
Edmund S. W. Tse - Senior Vice Chairman, Life Insurance: Alain, good morning, Edmund here.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc Of America Securities: Good morning.
Edmund S. W. Tse - Senior Vice Chairman, Life Insurance: On the Taiwan investment, we are not betting on really any increase on the investment or interest trend in the near future. So, our plan there is to really diversify more to take a little bit more higher risk in other investments, including the equities and the [inaudible] change of administration that the local markets will be strong going there in the near future. So, we'd put probably more, a little bit more in those higher risk investments. And in addition, that we're now applying to directly it has to increase our foreign investments from the 35% to 40%. Hopefully, we get approval that we could, also put more to the foreign investment that that include in higher long duration, high return upon and also probably put some in the Asian market, in equities and to increase our, hopefully increase, enhance our returns. On your plan about weather we should take a one-time charge and that to take that, we've studied this for quite a while. And we believe our Taiwan operation still quite profitable, and over the years that we've kept on having a good profit increase and we're able to maintain our high profit. So, for the time being no plan to take a one-time charge, but if situations change, we may reconsider that. I may refer to back that to, also to Chris that to add some color.
Kristian P. Moor - President and Chief Executive Officer, AIG Property Casualty Group: Our gross premium valuation analysis does show that our DAC is fully recoverable, and the pay reserves right now, Alain as we talked at our Investor Conference. So, no real news in and again from a US GAAP accounting side, we just can't take a charge unless the facts warranted, and right now our best estimate of the facts is based on what Edmond said in some of our philosophy, we just can't take a charge. We did consider the fair value option for the Taiwan, but did reject it just given the ongoing volatility and then beyond the other update as we disclosed in the 10-Q, we did commit to move approximately $400 million in, roughly in either June or July of this year once we get full regulatory approval.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: On the third point you raised, I think the key area where we've seen loss ratios deteriorate year-on-year is primarily in our Agency Auto portfolio to a lesser degree in the direct portfolio. The little uptick we got in our private client group which has an excellent loss ratio was increased frequency in the homeowners sector. Kevin Kelly is on the line and Kevin, I dont know what trends you're seeing from the fourth quarter, I think which was Alain's specific question, quarter-on quarter, sequentially.
Kristian P. Moor - President and Chief Executive Officer, AIG Property Casualty Group: Yes. What I can say is that none of us are happy with the performance. In the first quarter 5.5 points came from prior policy year developments. So what we're seeing in the current result are approximately 3 points in the current accident year driven principally by auto severity, as Martin has pointed out in most pointedly in our Agency Auto business. We continue to work on that business and we continue to... I think to make improvements in that business going forward.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc Of America Securities: Thank you very much.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Tom Cholnoky of Goldman Sachs you may ask your question.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. I guess Martin, to go back to the capital raise, can we look at this because I guess what I'm struggling with is whether this is really a dilutive event, which is certainly appears to be on the surface. Or whether you can make the K sort of it's going to be accretive. And if so, when would this be accretive?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Tom, its Steve. I think certainly the initial raise of common equity will be dilutive to EPS and earnings per share by definition. The mandatory has somewhat of a delayed dilutive effect, but thats dilutive as well when it's converted. I think the dilution is something that we hope we will be able to offset by the use of that capital in very productive ways as the opportunities manifest themselves over the course of the... over the next few quarters. So certainly initial dilution and our... you know that we are active capital managers now, we have a situation now where the markets are very turbulent and volatile. We felt this was the... absolutely right thing to do to fortify the balance sheet as Martin said and preserve our financial flexibility that we've always enjoyed and also of course the rating agency considerations as you've read for the capital raising. This was not driven by the rating agencies. I'll tell you that we went to the rating agencies and told them of our plans to raise capital. They didn't direct us to raise capital. Nonetheless all of those features factored into the development of our capital plan, we think it's absolutely the right thing to do at this point in time at the sacrifice some near term dilution.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: So you would characterize this [inaudible], but clearly as offensive or much more offensive than defensive.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Proactive.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Proactive, okay, and just the second question, I realize there had been a lot of people in the queue. I just on the alternative portfolios, investment portfolios, there is clearly a lag in here and how should we think about that given whats transpired in the previous quarters, are we likely still to face some real headwinds in here for the next couple of quarters on the alternative portfolios?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think I will have Win add some color, but the first thing I'd point out Tom is obviously in the first half of 2007, we had record contributions from partnership income, way excess I think if I'm not correct, in $2 billion I think contributed to earnings in the first half of 2007. Obviously, Win has articulated I think for at least 2.5 but not longer years, that the average expected run rate of that portfolio is in the area of 10% to 15%, but specifically on the lag, I'll ask Win to add some color there.
Win J. Neuger- Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: All right. Tom, I think the way the accounting goes today, the lag is much less significant than it was 2 years or 3 years ago because of the markets that go to take place in the underlying funds in which we invest. So, that's compressed from what it historically has been. If we look at the first quarter, the total for the company return on the portfolio was a little under 3%. We've said, as Martin had said, consistently we think that portfolio will generate 10% to 15% returns over a longer periods of time. And it was running significantly above that for a couple of years with last year's first quarter being a peak in the excess of 20% return on the portfolio. So, we've come down now below what we expect to be our normal range, but we've no reason to expect that to be different. Hedge funds where they real laggard in the first quarter, given the market turbulence but, again not in anyway alarming to us in terms of the results.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: So, would you take on a sequential basis, this could hopefully mark a low point in terms of alternative of investment returns? Or could it they get worse in the second quarter?
Win J. Neuger- Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Well, I think that's largely going to be a function of what happens in the capital market, if equity markets are turnaround and do extremely well then, I would expect to that we would catch up with that, if equity markets are down, it's going to be continued tough sliding, I think for the partnership returns.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Right, Okay, great, thank you.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John.
Operator: Dan Johnson, Citadel Investment, you may ask a question.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: All right, thanks. Got a couple, just following up on Tom's question, you've noted that you list private equity returns have been... I know that it is, I am sorry partnership I should say returns. Can you just say the high level, just to put that between something that looks like private equity and something that looks like hedge fund? You were talking something like $29 billion in assets.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sorry, I'm just trying to find why don't you go to one another question.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Yes, perfect. If we look into the life businesses, you do a nice job of breaking out the earnings in a couple of different views, one of them is earnings before DAC benefit generated from realized capital losses and one of them is earnings afterwards, they give somewhat of a different picture to the performance in the quarter and somewhat last quarter too. What is the better way to look at the operating performance of the life businesses? Should we include or exclude the roughly $270 million of benefit in the quarter that was generated from capital losses, realized or unrealized capital losses?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Chris is with us. So he is going to respond to that. Chris?
Kristian P. Moor - President and Chief Executive Officer, AIG Property Casualty Group: Dan, I think most of our management metrics are excluding the DAC benefit. Again the capital markets are what they are. We've repositioned portfolios from time to time, we generate OTD. Again it is somewhat timing, so that is really why we excluded and that is our internal matrix.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Certainly from a management perspective, the team has managed without the benefit of the DAC contribution.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Understood. On the 1.8 billion of benefit from FAS 157 implementation due to widening of your credit spreads. Does that somehow just benefit the balance sheet or did that flow through a particular segment on the earnings statement.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'll let David Herzog, our Controller to give you the intricacies of FAS 157.
David Herzog - Senior Vice President, Comptroller: Good morning Dan. The $1.8 billion is a... I think is what you are referring to, that is a benefit that runs through the current period but its also in the books of business that we elected, the fair value option FAS 159. For example at AIG Financial Products, any effect of our credit spreads on AIG are largely offset by effective credit spreads on the underlying assets as well, and that was one of the considerations that we took under review, when we elected the fair value option where there was a reasonable correlation between the effects of the credit spreads on the underlying assets versus AIG. So, we're buying large offset, and I think we've disclosed that in the Q in our 10-Q, that both the effects that were largely offset in the period.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: In AIGFP they were, but maybe I'm misreading the table on page 11, of the Q, even adjusting for that, don't we still end up with what looks like a $2.8 billion pre-tax benefit from basically, credit spread widening of AIG in the quarter?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, you'll see that the effects of the total again, you've got $2.6 billion offset in AIGFP, there was a reduction in earnings that ran through the current period earnings on the counter-party spread widening as well. So, you've got $2.7 billion benefits versus $2.6 billion expense.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: So, the $1.8 billion after-tax overall includes or does not include the offset item from other counter party's credit spreads?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, can you just clarify where you're seeing in the $1.8 billion?
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Sure, Im sorry I keep flipping between pre-tax and post-tax, page 11 of the Q says that the...
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, you are just tax affecting that number.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Yes, yes so I'm trying to figure out where are their two benefits?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, no that's one benefit, and the net effect of all of this was relatively small on a pre-tax and after-tax basis, because what you've going through as David said on the... on income and on expense relating to credit spread widening of our own credits and also credits of counter-party financial institutions, in which we have investments and transactions largely offset that. So, the net effect on the financials was very small.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Okay, probably we'll want to circle back, any look on the private equity question?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think Win has some information, it may not be exactly what you want, Dan, but if it's not then we'll have to revert back to you.
Win J. Neuger- Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: If you break down the NII, during the quarter between partnerships, our hedge funds versus partnerships that are private equity. Private equity actually generated a positive return during the quarter, of close to 7% and hedge funds are slight decline of 2% or 3%. Couple of things, I'd note on that. Number one, I don't have the exact size of the two portfolios, but the private equity portfolio is slightly larger than the hedge fund portfolio, and although they're not that far off of even. The second thing is that in hedge funds in particular, we have not insignificant part of our portfolio that is still on the cross method and therefore the returns on that portfolio only reflect realizations or equity method partnerships, so over this significant embedded profitability still in the cost method partnerships in hedge funds that don't get reflected in those numbers.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Do you feel like you've got good visibility on the private equity piece for this year?
Win J. Neuger- Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Well. I mean, as you know, I mean most of the holdings in the private equity sector are private companies, so you have to look at the underlying investments and how those companies are doing what their results are, what valuations are. We spend a lot of time working with obliviously our portfolios, but also with our managed, our funds that are managed by others understanding the valuations. And I think that most of managers are being very rigorous in terms of how they do the marks within their portfolio but, if there's always a certain lack of visibility in private equity by definition.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Last question related to financing [ph], does these marks include first quarter performance, or are they only updated to be at fourth quarter or February if that's the case?
Win J. Neuger- Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Right. It varies by the two asset classes, so hedge funds do reflect most of the first quarter the way we do hedge partnership is with the one-month lag, so its performance through, still primarily performance through February whereas private equity reflects the most recent evaluation, which typically would be year-end valuations.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Thank you very much for the questions.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And can I just finally... let me just go back to your page 11 question, that's hopefully put it to bed. I have it in front of me now. The table shows the $2.781 billion pre-tax increase, the footnote talks about the amount for AIGFP, which is the predominant component of that $2.78 billion. If you add up the $2.58 million and the $65 million in the table, you get to the $2.648 million for AIGFP, which is largely in the footnote under it shows that it's offset by the counter-party credit spreads for assets. So, the net effect on the income statement for FP was $28 million and then, the only the rest of that you've taken to account of the first two items on the table $288 million minus the $155 million. So, that brings you down to a very small number.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Very good. Thank you.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All right.
Operator: Andrew Kligerman of UBS. You may ask your question.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Andrew.
Operator: Andrew your line is open; Please check your mute button. We can go to the next question if you like?
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Yes, I am here.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Sorry about that. Question around the property casualty business. It looks to me like the expense ratio has really trended up a fair amount. You've got 23.6 in '06, 24.7 in '07. This quarter it came in at 26.4. It looks like domestic brokerage spike up a fair amount, while the other main areas came down. Could you talk to or discuss the outlook for that expense ratio and what might be driving it?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously one of the key factors was obviously the return premiums that were discussed earlier in the loss sensitive business. Obviously that reduced the premiums and therefore obviously the expense ratio would obviously by definition go up. And obviously we experienced something like $0.5 billion I think, Chris MPW reduction, which accounted for a couple of points of expense there. I think the actual increase in expense in the Commercial Insurance Group was probably around one point true underlying growth in the expense ratio. Obviously we are very focused on expense discipline area in AIG. That's been a hallmark of the organization. Now that's certainly not going to change. Obviously, we've invested where we needed to invest in remediation efforts but the focus on expense discipline is there. I think there was also and Rob Schmidt [ph] is with us, the CFO of the General Insurance sector. And I think there were some increases in acquisition costs as well.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. Andrew, it is Rob Schmidt, just two other points I might add to what Martin was just saying. One is that there are a couple of quota-share agreements that we had on the property side of the house where there is no longer a ceding commission or profit share coming in that is reflected in the prior year as a reduction to acquisition costs as well as the fact that as we work on the mix of our business, you'll see us shift to lines of business that might have a lower loss ratio and a higher expense ratio. So those were a couple of key points.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: What areas will have the... that new metric or what would be more prominent with the lower... the higher expense ratio?
Unidentified Company Representative: This is Chris, there's a change in the mix of business issue there, but overall the gross commissions on our book are only up slightly and that is almost mainly due to change of the mix.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: And the areas that have the higher commissions or --?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. It's usually the smaller business and accident... businesses like accident and health.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: I guess just finally, where might you see the expense ratio overall leveling out, I mean is there any sense of where that's going or...
Unidentified Company Representative: I think you probably see an improvement, I don't know the exact number; you will see an improvement probably in the second quarter.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Okay. Then just lastly, on the capital initiatives again just, it sounds like yields are not part of the equation at all. Is that right?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Well, your question, our deals part of the...
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Yes, in acquisitions. It sounds like you really is... as Martin said several times it's fortress... fortifying the balance sheet is really the key. It doesn't sounds to me like M&A is part of this equation in raising the $12.5 billion, am I reading into it properly?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you're reading into it properly. That's not a driving factor in this capital rates.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Great. Thanks a lot.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we are about timing obviously. We can stay on line to around 10 o'clock. So, given the fulsome disclosure we've made, if you could limit your questions may be to one or possibly two, then we have a chance of trying to get to everybody who is in the queue at the moment.
Operator: Tom Gallagher of Credit Suisse, you may ask your question.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Good morning. I'll just have one and then I will turn it over to Charlie Gates on the P&C side. On page 103 of your 10-Q, it says that as if April 30th AIGFP post a collateral of $9.7 billion. Just curious if you could talk a little bit about how that's funded, are you funding that with debt, is it equity and also if the March come down in AIGFP will the collateral come down in proportion?
William Dooley - Senior Vice President, Financial Services: All right. This is Bill Dooley. Just to talk about the liquidity per shift position in FP, first of all, we've been managing that extremely carefully for quite some time. We started to build cash in FP last summer when we saw the markets starting to deteriorate. So, right now we do have adequate cash, also FP continues to have normalized business in their book and they generate cash every day from their book. The third thing is the capital markets, we can raise money in the capital markets, and as far as any other liquidity needs that we have, we do have assets that can be monetized. So, overall I am very comfortable with the liquidity position and for the most part that's where the cash has, so that's nothing the most part for the point, that's where the cash has come from over the last few quarters. As far as the marks are concerned, if the marks do change and the marks start to move up, then the collateral will be returned to us.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: And Bill is it fairly straightforward in terms of the 9.7 sort of rising and falling in direct proportion with the marks, or is it not that straightforward?
William Dooley - Senior Vice President, Financial Services: It is related to the mark. Yes.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. So in other words, if credit spreads keep widening it would continue to consume more collateral.
William Dooley - Senior Vice President, Financial Services: Yes, if the marks that we get from the collateral agents and those marks are compared to our own marks, and we debate the difference between the two marks. Those debates have really quieted down recently and we really have very, very little disagreement between the various parties. So it's true from what you just said.
Thomas Gallagher - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. And then Charlie Gates, I think had something on the P&C side.
Unidentified Analyst: My one question, could you elaborate in as much detail as possible, on the commercial lines, property casualty insurance, competitive environment in United States, do you see into both pricing and changes in terms and conditions?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Happy to do so, Charlie if you want a good level of detail, I'm going to give Chris the microphone and may be I'll add some color as well.
Kristian P. Moor - President and Chief Executive Officer, AIG Property Casualty Group: Yes, hi Charlie. It's a competitive market with rates, pressures in most of our lines, particularly workers compensation, aviation. Terms and conditions remain stable overall. If you will go in to the rates, I'll give you a year-to-date this year so far overall rates are down a little bit over 10%. In the property area, rates are down averaging about 18% with CAT rates averaging a little higher than that, non-CAT rates averaging a little lower. Probably our biggest concern right now in our lines of business are workers comp and aviation. So besides that we see opportunities throughout most of our other lines. Our account retentions are very strong in our new business; we are not seeing as much opportunity as before because of this environment, new business year-over-year is down about 13%.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: I would just add, Charlie, I've been in this business nearly 40 years and seen many cycles. I think the one thing that is holding up reasonably well is terms and conditions globally. I think we're still seeing... there is always exceptions, but we're still seeing reasonable discipline on the deductibles and certainly reasonable discipline on policy wordings. And that is a component part of the overall profitability of underwriting a risk. So I think that's one change that's a little bit different from maybe power cycles that I've certainly, personally experienced.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill & Partners, you may ask your question.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Hi Paul.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Good morning and thank you for the call. How should I think about or how should we think about the excess capital numbers that is in your capital adequacy model versus the capital raise. I mean, isn't there a bit of a conflict and that you on the one hand saying that the capital is in excess and then raising more capital. Or should we be thinking it's sort of a... AIG is having some sort of cushion that they need?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I just said earlier on the call Paul, but I'm not sure you are on yet then that our the level of excess capital at March 31 has decreased from the 15 to 20 range where we've been, since we've been publishing that statistic a year ago to $2.5 billion to $7.5 billion largely because of a decline in the investment portfolio. That is an excess capital cushion that is simply too low for comfort for us in this kind of a volatile period within the capital market. So among many other reasons, the capital raise restores the excess capital position to something much more comfortable during this kind of a turbulent period and we think it's the right thing to do.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: So there's a level of cushion that you're going to want perceptively?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I don't think a company like AIG should be running at a capital position that is too close to the line. You want to have excess capital cushions to take into account a lot of uncertainty out there in the capital markets and what mother nature might have in store, what man-made events might be. I mean there are issues; you have to be prepared for in terms of unexpected liquidity and capital demand. That's what we are here for.
Paul Newsome - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Great, thank you very much.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Jay Cohen of Merrill Lynch, you may ask your question.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. A couple of questions, two topics. First is on the capital raise, on the equity and equity link component. Can you talk about how much straight equity you will be issuing roughly, and if you can talk about what the actual dilution to EPS would be from the cap, from the equity portion of the capital raise?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Jay, as you can well appreciate, now the offering has been made, there are legal restrictions as you will well appreciate, and I can't really make any additional comments on the offerings at this time.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, fair enough.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jay, we really can't comment on dilution because that depends on the composition of the raise and the final pricing. So, there's really no way to do that yet.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Let's wait for that then. Second topic on page 100 of the slide presentation, it shows that the delinquency rate at UGC, based on that graph it looks like it may have peeked and is beginning now to come down. I don't want to read too much into two quarters with the data, but should we look at that and say and hey, it looks like things are peeked or you just can't tell?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Certainly reading that right and I'll ask Billy to give you some color on that?
William Dooley - Senior Vice President, Financial Services: Sure Jay. Good morning to you. I would not read too much into that at this point. That is a seasonal downturn that we normally experience in the early part of the year, as you are very much aware, the housing market continues to deteriorate and we're likely to see further increases in our delinquency. What is noted there though is the widening spread between UGC and the rest of our competitors. But, in response to your question, that's a seasonal downturn.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Fair enough, thanks for that clarification.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jay.
Operator: Jonathan Adams of Oppenheimer Capital. You may ask your question.
Jonathan Adams - Oppenheimer Capital: Good morning.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Adams - Oppenheimer Capital: The message the board is trying to send with the increase of the dividend, but given the fairly sophisticated capital deployment models that you use is this pretty clearly an inefficient way of using capital?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Well, all I can tell you Jonathan is that obviously, when the subject of the raise in dividend was discussed with the Board, we believe clearly that it reflects the long-term prospects, the positive long-term prospects of the organization and that's really what the decision was based on.
Jonathan Adams - Oppenheimer Capital: But I guess, what did they say about your capability or your Boards' capability of allocating capital efficiently. Right since, you've got to generate capital and then make decisions about how you deploy it?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: When we put this in perspective Jonathan, a 10% increase in our dividend is about $200 million annually.
Jonathan Adams - Oppenheimer Capital: I understand, its a small amount, but again if partly they're making a symbolic statement to show the strength of the company. I would think you would also be equally concerned about the symbolism of efficient versus inefficient capital deployment?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I don't think we've said it symbolic .I think we said there was a judgment that was made, all things considered about the long-term future of the organization and its capability. Our shareholders have told us and one of the reasons we established the dividend policy, they've told us the yield is also important to them. Our yields are relatively lower and we've been trying to get them to a higher level over the course of time. Reasonably, this is just one step in that direction and we felt that was prudent even in the current circumstances.
Jonathan Adams - Oppenheimer Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Scott Frost of HSBC, you may ask your question.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Yes, I want to make sure, I just understand the loss figures. You have got $6 billion of realized losses that's mostly other than temporary impair that's... those are the securities that have been downgraded or defaulted then mark down. The unrealized mark-to-market of $9.1 billion plus the $10.6 billion, are you saying that that's the market ... the market valuation loss, mark-to-market valuation. But what's your... are you saying that there is a much smaller... the actual losses only give me a small portion of that according to you and the rest will revert and go back into, I guess shareholders equity, is that how you see it?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: I think you are very close. Let me just clarify. What goes through income is predominantly this quarter related to... even though it comes through the realized capital loss line, these are not realized. In fact net realized capital... net realized sales for the quarter were a small net gain.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Are these just write-downs?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: These are principally other than temporary impairments. The way we judge what goes through the income statement versus what stays on the balance sheet through other comprehensive income is based on our judgment of whether the decline in value is other than temporary. And if we can't make the assertion and which we can't in many cases in today's market conditions, that some of these prices which are 50% or 40% or more down from our carrying value will recover in the course of the next few quarters. We've taken the position that they are candidates for impairment and write-down through the income statement at this point in time. That contrast of the other $10.7 billion that you'd refer to, that's going through the balance sheet as a reduction on unrealized depreciation of securities. Those securities have not reached a level of decline where we felt they were candidates for impairment and permanent write-down through the income statement. But rather simply reflect those through the balance sheet. The differential is really a degree of severity of price reduction at this point in time and not necessarily a differential between our expectations of ultimate value recovery. If you look in the 10-Q, you'll see a table and the number associated with actual credit impairments in the table... my colleague would get to it now, is a small number compared to the overall other than temporary impairment charge for the quarter.
Scott Frost - HSBC: All right. But just to reiterate of that $19.7 billion of unrealized losses through P&L and AOCI, what amount of that is going to actually be in your view paid losses? Is that the right way to think about that versus marks?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I can't give you an exact number of what is going to come in. If you look at page 96 in the Q, there is a table on other than temporary impairment charges. Issuers specific credit events is a $171 million out of the $5.6 billion, market severity is $4.1 billion. So our credit experts have actually determined that we think there will be a permanent impairment in value, there is a $171 million out of that whole lot. And how, is it possible? Of course that, the rest of it won't come back and transform into some further impairments. I think that depends on the economy, on unemployment, on the credit markets, on the housing markets, a lot of variables that unfortunately our crystal ball isn't clear enough to accurately predict right now.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Okay. But the severity number, this is after tax, right? And this includes AOCI and the $9.1 billion on the P&L. You are saying that the vast majority of that is mark-to-market severity, not what you consider to be issuer specific credit, is that accurate?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: The vast majority is related to the price issues in the market right now and not necessarily what we believe to be permanent impairments of value.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Okay. Thank you.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I just wanted to add something to what you said, Scott, at the outset you talked about the fact that it was tied to defaults and downgrades?
Scott Frost - HSBC: Let's make sure, other than temporarily impaired. That's in realized losses as you mark those down, right?
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: As Steve said, number one, it's not realized in terms of having sold them, but I... furthermore virtually none of these securities except for the ones that Steve talked about is some of those perhaps. The rest is not in default. It's still paying currently and the vast majority of it is still rated AAA.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Okay.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: So it's not even that it's not performing. It's simply that the price decline in the market for RMBS has been so significant that it has put us in this other than temporary impairment position.
Scott Frost - HSBC: Okay. All right. I understand. Okay. Thank you.
Martin Sullivan - President, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Unfortunately ladies and gentlemen, we have to close the call around 10o clock this morning. I'm sorry if we didn't get to all of your questions. Anybody that has any specific questions, I'd encourage you to go to Charlene Hamrah, and we will try and respond as soon as we can. So, thank you very much indeed.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Charlene M. Hamrah - VP and Director of IR Martin J. Sullivan - President and CEO Steven J. Bensinger - EVP and CFO Win Jay Neuger - EVP and Chief Investment Officer Robert E. Lewis - Sr. VP and Chief Risk Officer Edmund S.W. Tse - Senior Vice Chairman, Life Insurance Kristian P. Moor - EVP, Domestic General Insurance Nicholas C. Walsh - EVP, Foreign General Insurance Frederick W. Geissinger - Chairman and CEO, American General Finance John Q. Doyle - Sr. VP, Domestic General Insurance William V. Nutt, Jr. - President and CEO, UGC Kevin B. McGinn - VP and Chief Credit Officer Joseph J. Cassano - President, AIG Financial Products Corp. Frank H. Douglas - VP and Casualty Actuary Robert M. Sandler - EVP of Domestic Personal Lines
Analysts: Jamminder Bhullar - J. P. Morgan Securities Andrew Kligerman - UBS Securities Nigel Daly - Morgan Stanley Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney Jay A. Cohen - Merrill Lynch Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Gary Ransom - Fox-Pitt Kelton
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the meeting over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Ma'am, you may begin.
Charlene M. Hamrah - Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Thank you very much. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management operations, products and services and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial conditions indicated in these projections and statement. Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ possibly materially from those in the specific projections and statements are discussed in item 1A Risk Factors of AIG's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligations to update or alter its projections and other statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the fourth quarter 2007 financial supplement, which is available in the information... Investor Information section of AIG's corporate website. And now, I would like turn the call over to Martin Sullivan.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much Charlene, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. AIG's results in 2007 were clearly unsatisfactory. This was a very challenging quarter and year. Rapid deterioration in the U.S. residential, real estate and credit markets significantly affected several of our operations and investments. This offset the strong results generated through the first half of the year. As expected, a number of our businesses were adversely affected by their exposure to the domestic residential real estate market and we expect these businesses will continue to be challenged in the foreseeable future. As you have seen, AIG reported a net loss of $5.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2007 and an adjusted net loss of $3.2 billion. Two large items have adversely affected the quarter's result. First, adjusted net income for the fourth quarter was reduced by the net unrealized market valuation loss of $11.12 billion pretax or $7.23 billion after-tax, related to AIG financial products' Super Senior credit Default Swap Portfolio. These losses occurred in the context of a significant widening of spreads of asset-backed securities, principally those related to U.S. residential mortgages, the severe liquidity crisis affecting the structured finance markets and the affects of rating agency downgrades on the underlying collateral. Second, net income was affected by $1.7 billion in after-tax net realized capital losses, as well as $418 million in after-tax other than temporary impairment charges related to AIGFP's 'Available for Sale' investment securities. Two of our other operations exposed to the U.S. residential real estate market, were also affected in the fourth quarter. United Guaranty reported an operating loss of $348 million and American General Finance reported $9 million in fourth quarter operating income, principally due to an increase in the provision for finance receivable losses and a decline in mortgage banking revenues. We expect operating results in both these businesses to continue to be challenged. In UGC, our best estimate is that future premiums on the existing in-force broking, of both domestic first and secondly lien risks will exceed future losses incurred. However, losses will likely emerge in advance of premiums earned and we expect that negative operating results will persist throughout 2008 as a result of continued weakness of the U.S. housing market. While not immune to the downward cycle of the housing market, AGF's adherence to disciplined underwriting standards will continue to help maintain credit quality. We also believe opportunity is to acquire high-quality portfolios, similar to the pending acquisition of Equity One's branch loan portfolio will continue. We are obviously witnessing and living through extraordinary market conditions. And we are trying as all many others to value very complex instruments. These valuations are not mechanical. They involve difficult estimates and judgments. I can tell you that we have at all times brought our best judgment to bear in making these valuations. I want to take a few minutes now to further comment on the valuation of AIGFP's credit default swap portfolio, and the circumstances that lead to the filing of our recent 8-K. In response to strong investor interest in November, we decided to devote a previously scheduled investor conference on December 5th that is subject AIG's exposure to the residential mortgage market. During that webcast conference, the AIGFP team discussed the model and the methodologies that they use to value the Super Senior credit default swaps. They also discussed that their estimated numbers accounted for the differences between most described as: one, the cash prices for the underlying securities and two, the pricing of the Super Senior credit default swap derivatives. This is the negative basis adjustment. The AIGFP team also noted that their numbers also took into account, structural support that provided additional protection to AIGFP in adverse circumstances. For example, cash flow diversion features, this is the structural adjustment. AIGFP did not detail the dollar of these adjustments, or the gross amount of the unrealized market valuation loss without those adjustments. In early February, as we prepared our year-end financials, we concluded that we should clarify and expand our prior disclosures relating to the methodology and better inputs used to determine the values of the Super Senior Credit Default Swap portfolio. We also understood at that time, that we would not be using a negative basis adjustment when we filed our 10-K. When we made that determination, we decided to inform the market what the estimated November 30th number would be without the negative basis adjustment. At the same time, our regulators concluded that the company had a material weakness in the valuation process and the oversight of that process for the AIGFP Super Senior Credit Default Swap Portfolios. We then promptly filed an 8-K describing all of this information in detail. We have heard from some that our 8-K was confusing. We did provide a lot of detail. But it was detailed because we were trying to ensure that investors could see exactly how the gross number related to the net number used in December presentation through the adjustments that we have referenced in that presentation. We've already begun the process to remediate the material weakness identified by PWC. Since becoming CEO, I have made increased transparency and improved disclosure, a high priority. We have taken considerable steps in the right direction and we will continue to do so. We believe that disclosure in the 10-K, the presentation we have just put on our website and the discussion my colleagues will lead you through shortly, will help our investors better understand how the extreme market conditions are affecting our businesses. In my respects, we are in uncharted waters. In this context, let me make a few observations. The mark we reported this quarter essentially values the Super Senior notes, nets over the benefit from the cash flow diversion features go into these transactions, rather than the value of the credit derivatives that AIGFP has written to protect these notes. This is clearly not representative of the risk AIGFP holds on the Super Senior Credit Default Swap transactions. We could not find observable data points in this highly disrupted and a liquid market to value to the protection we provide. This business was carefully underwritten and structured using models to ensure that attachment points would withstand highly stressed economic conditions. We continue to believe, however, that the unrealized market valuation losses on this Super Senior Credit Default Swap Portfolio are not indicative of the losses AIGFP may realize over time. Under the terms of these credit derivatives, losses to AIG would result from the credit impairment of any bonds AIG would acquire in satisfying its swap obligations. Based upon our most current analysis, we believe that any credit impairment losses realized over time by AIGFP would not be material to AIG's consolidated financial condition, although it is possible that they could be material to results of operations for an individual reporting period. Except to the extent of any such realized credit impairment losses, AIG expects AIGFP unrealized market valuation losses to reverse over the remaining life of the Super Senior Credit Default Swap Portfolio. My colleagues will speak to the valuation methodologies in further details in just a few minutes. Of the many years AIGFP has provided excellent returns efficiently utilizing capital and manages business to generate low volatility in its economic results. It has also been a tremendous source of intellectual capital and innovation within AIG. With our other financial services businesses, AIGFP complements and will continue to provide further diversification to add core insurance operations. In that regard Joe Cassano has decided with our concurrence that he would like to pursue opportunities outside of AIG and effective March 31st, he will be retiring form AIGFP. Joe has been a very valuable member of the AIGFP senior management team for over 20 years. He has had a great career with us and we wish him the very best in the future. Effective of April 1st, Bill Dooley will assume interim responsibility for the day-to-day operating of AIGFP's business along with his current duties. Joe will be continuing as a consultant to AIGFP for the rest of the year, so we will continue to benefit from his expertise. Joe has recruited and trained a very strong senior management team at AIGFP and I am confident that AIGFP is in excellent hands pending the appointment of a new CEO. Now, I would like to turn to our Investment Portfolio. As I mentioned earlier, the significant credit market disruption adversely affected that portfolio too. In the fourth quarter, AIG recorded pretax charges of $3.3 billion for other than temporary declines in value, including $2.32 billion in pretax impairments related to AIG's investments and structure securities including RMBS. Most of these impairment charges resulted from the significant rapid declines in market values of certain residential mortgage-backed securities in the fourth quarter. Even while retaining their investment grade ratings, these securities where priced at a severe discount to book. Despite our continuing intent and the ability to hold them and despite structures that would indicate a substantial amount will continue to perform in accordance with their original terms, AIG concluded that it could not reasonably determine that the recovery period will be near term or the impairment temporary. In the fourth quarter, we also recorded $2.54 billion after-tax or $3.8 billion pretax in unrealized depreciation of investments included in other comprehensive income. Details are included in the investment presentation posted on our website. With regard to assure, repurchase program during the fourth quarter, we repurchased over 21 million shares bringing the total to 76.4 million purchased for the full year 2007. An additional 12 million shares were purchased in 2008 through February 15th. Substantially all of the shares purchased in 2007 and in 2008 through February 15th, were funded by hybrid debt issuances. We view this as an efficient use of capital as these transactions replaced high cost common stock with more cost efficient hybrid securities. AIG does not expect to purchase additional shares for the foreseeable future, other than for filling commitments that existed at December 31st. We believe this is prudent in the light of continued market volatility and credit market uncertainty as well as our ongoing discussions with the rating agencies. I know these issues are of great concern to all of AIG's stakeholders and it is important that I emphasize again that we believe AIG can and will manage through them efficiently and effectively. It is also important that we have not let these issues distract us from our focus on AIG's underlying businesses. Before turning to what we have currently seen in our specific businesses, let me just say that AIG is well positioned to grow shareholder value despite the current turbulent environment. We have a diverse portfolio of global businesses with the scale and world class expertise that extends throughout the organization. We also have a strong capital base and we are not raising additional capital. We have accomplished a number of important objectives in 2007, including increasing distribution through acquisitions and new partnership. We appointed WuBA a middle market commercial insurer in Germany and Matrix Direct, a direct marketing life insurance business in the U.S. We also struck new distribution agreements with Japan Post and Signopec in Taiwan. In China we secured a license for our Foreign General business to establish a wholly-owned foreign enterprise. We also completed several new ventures, including establishing an asset management company in India and launching three new mutual funds there, breaking ground on the 5.4 million square foot International Financial Center in Seoul, obtaining permissions from the Qatar Financial Center to conduct individual and group life as well non-life businesses and setting up a private pension fund administrator in Romania. In 2007, we also made progress on streamlining our portfolio of businesses, including selling our stake in Allied World Assurance for an attractive return and completing the acquisition of the remainder of 21st Century, creating a personal alliance insurer with approximately $5 billion of premium, covering the most attractive segments and distribution channels. While it is clear that certain of AIG's businesses did not perform up to expectations others are. I would now like to briefly touch on the performance of our major business segments. DBG reported record results in 2007 with pretax operating income of $7.4 billion with a combined ratio of 85.52 and nearly 4 point, 5 point improvement from the prior year. Throughout the year, DBG posted improved underwriting results due to favorable loss trends and a higher net investment income. Despite increased competition DBG remained disciplined, taking advantage of opportunities offered by an expensive product set and expanding distribution platform and an innovative culture responsible for an average of one new products of service launched per week in 2007.These competitive advantages will enable DBG to identify attractive opportunities that meet our underwriting criteria in a softening property-casualty marketplace. Issues related to the U.S. residential mortgage market may affect our management and professional reliability lines. We have provided detailed information on potential exposures on page 12 of the financial supplement and needless to say, we are monitoring the issue closely. At this point, it appears to be manageable. Like DBG Foreign General performed well posting a combined ratio of 85.51 for the full year 2007. Foreign General was also a successful in expanding its Personal Lines presence in the high network segment with strong growth in the United Kingdom. In 2008 and beyond, Foreign General is particularly well positioned for growth. They continue to shift their Personal Lines products mix to a higher margin, non-auto business and to expand our private client group operations into new growth markets, such as Australia and Dubai. We are the leading provider of Financial Lines in Continental Europe, a distinct advantage when serving the needs of top corporations, while providing a platform to expand into other lines and market segments. We'll also continue expanding our operations in emerging markets. In 2007 domestic Personal Lines reported a loss due to increased loss frequency, California wildfire losses and upfront costs related to the integration of 21st Century. The 21st Century integration is progressing well and is on-track to deliver significant cost savings, which we expect to begin emerging this year. We've also begun marketing on a unified platform in the first quarter. With regard to our Life Insurance & Retirement Services businesses, within the domestic life insurance operations, as previously discussed, we took aggressive steps to address investor-owned life insurance activity, which put pressure on sales in 2007. In the fourth quarter, sales of universal life picked up due to enhanced unwitting methods at the older ages and continued success from in Exhibit [ph] indexed universal life products offerings. In addition, the domestic life team is committed to building a presence in the variable life product area, with plans to expand distribution in this markets segment. With the addition of Matrix Direct, we are aggressively pursuing a direct-response approach, as part of their multi-distribution strategy. We believe these and other initiatives to innovative products offerings and to expand distribution will improve sales in 2008. AIG Global [ph] while not a growth-oriented company, has been able to improve the persistency and profitability of its business through combination of better agent selection and training and are focused on expense efficiencies in distribution and the home office. We did see continued strength in our payout annuity business which is expected to continue into 2008 with favorable conditions in the terminal funding markets and the opportunities to cross-sell structured settlement products with the DVG, an example of AIG deliver the firm strategy. In domestic Retirement Services, individual variable annuity fourth quarter 2007 operating income was adversely affected by a change in actuarial estimates related to a system conversion and to a lesser extent of back on lock-in. However, this business reported a record fee income in assets under management in 2007. Sales growth should improve in 2008, due to AIG SunAmerica's competitive living benefit features and initiatives to expand the wholesale organization and warehouse distribution. Our fixed annuity businesses experienced continued outflows in 2007, as a large volume of five-year business came out of that this surrender charge period. Surrenders from business written during record sales periods are expected to continue at a higher level in 2008. However, the current rate environment should provide for improved deposit and net flows through AIG annuities continued leadership in bank distribution. AIG retirement also known as AIG VALIC experienced double-digit deposit growth in 2007 and a steady increase in fee income and assets under management. We expect that to continue in 2008, as independent distribution is being added to an already strong captive distribution force and our advisors continued to focus on the rollover retirement market to retain assets. AIG's foreign life insurance operations performed well overall. Growth in first year premium and single premiums were very strong, while bottom-line results were affected by actuarial changes in estimates, remediation activities and the losses in the UK from variable annuities. In Asia, we remained focused on meeting the growing demand for investment-oriented products through increasingly broad distribution channels, including bank assurance and independent produces. Market conditions in Japan are expected to remain challenging, however, on the strength of their multi-products, multi-distribution platform; we expect to exceed industry growth in the long term. The planned integration of AIG Star and AIG Edison anticipated to be completed in 2009 will provide enhanced distribution opportunities and operating efficiencies. As we progress in 2008, we expect to take advantage of the full deregulation of insurance product sales in banks and privatization of the Japan Post. Our Central in Eastern European operations performed well in 2007 and demographic and economic conditions in these countries provide excellent opportunities to growth in 2008 and beyond. We are encouraged by the sales momentum and distribution expansion gained by foreign life in 2007. In 2008, we expect to achieve good growth in foreign life. However, further market dislocation will affect investment returns and diminish demand for certain products. ILFC's excellent results reflect it's status as the world's premier aircraft-leasing franchise. Despite the potential for an economic slowdown, the outlook for ILFC remains favorable, as demand for top modern fuel efficient fleet remain strong and all 73 of its 2008 new aircraft deliveries have been placed. ILFC also concentrates on placing leases in strengthening regions such as Asia. Asia and the Pacific region has grown to account for 27% of ILFC's revenues. Our Institutional and Retail Asset Management business reported strong results this quarter, as we continue to attract client assets and growth this business. As the world's seventh largest institutional asset manager, total assets under management have grown to more than $750 billion. And non-affiliated client assets under management have grown 26% in 2007 to approximately $94 billion primarily as a result of a diverse robust product line up across all asset classes. While our institutional clients have always benefited from a strong local presence in developed and emerging markets, we have further enhanced their capabilities serving the needs of local retail investors with funds launched in China, the Philippines and Taiwan. With regard to our investments, domestic Retirement Services as well as domestic General Insurance and to a lesser extent other lines of business will be affected by future returns from partnerships and other alternative investments. As we have stated previously, particularly strong performance in recent period is not indicative of future returns. We expect the partnership asset classes to generate a 10% to 15% return over the long-term, but in today's environment even those returns could be challenging. While 2007 was a very challenging year, we executed on several strategic initiatives and many of our businesses performed well. The businesses that did not perform well to our expectations, we have concrete plans to address the issues and we expect improved performance in 2008. As in the past two quarters we are providing additional informative disclosures. This quarter we are providing a presentation on AIG's businesses with exposure to the current credit market disruption. This presentation and additional supplementary materials are currently available on our website. Now let me turn the call over to my colleagues, first Steve Bensinger.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you very much Martin and good morning. Overt the next few minutes, Win Neuger, Bob Lewis and I will update you on various developments in certain of our businesses during 2007. First, I will discuss the Super Senior credit derivative business at AIGFP, including comments concerning the unrealized market valuation loss we have taken. Second, Win will comment on selected components of AIG's insurance investment portfolios, concentrating on the U.S. residential mortgage-related investments, commercial mortgage-backed securities, our exposures to monoline insurers and our exposures to CDOs and CLOs. Finally, Bob will conclude with brief remarks on United Guaranty, our mortgage insurance business and American General Finance, our domestic consumer finance business. We've posted two presentations to the Investor Relations section of our website. During our discussion this morning, we will be referring to the one entitled Conference Call Credit Presentation. The other one is entitled Conference Call Credit Presentation Supplemental Materials. This presentation contains more detailed information regarding our businesses and portfolios for your information and review. Now if you would turn to slide four, in the Conference Call Credit Presentation. One of the businesses in which AIGFP is engaged is the business of writing credit derivatives to cover the risk of incurring realized credit losses on the most senior tranche in the capital structure of the securitization, referred to as the Super Senior Risk Layer. The terms Super Senior is used by market participants to denote very remote credit risk, but there is no single definition of the term. Each transaction is spoke [ph] highly customized and designed to withstand extreme stress, and yet incur no expected loss. Great care has been exercised in structuring the deals starting with due-diligence of the counterparty's motivation for entering into the transaction, positive selection of the assets, experience of the manager and definition of portfolio maintenance characteristics to name just a few. Each underling security is assigned an internal credit rating by AIGFP where possible, based on the fundamental credit analysis and judgment of AIGFP's credit officers and on the ratings assigned to the collateral from the three rating agencies where available, along with the review of its current market spread. AIGFP augments the Super Senior structuring process with its own actuarial models, using assumptions more conservative than those used by the rating agencies. The minimum attachment point for the Super Senior portion of the portfolio is modeled as a minimum threshold above which there is no expected loss to AIGFP. The final attachment point is negotiated to exceed the model detachment point and we will discuss typical transaction structures in a moment. AIGFP started writing this business in 1998 and to-date has not incurred or realized loss in any of its Super Senior transactions. Now if you turn to slide five, AIGFP has entered into Super Senior credit derivative transactions in three broad categories: Regulatory capital-motivated corporate and European residential mortgages, corporate arbitrage, and multisector CDOs. Our net notional exposure, the largest category of the business is regulatory capital motivated, almost $230 billion in corporate and $149.1 billion in European mortgages and is typically subject to both regulatory and contractual calls by the counterparties with the former, starting in January 2008, when Basel II took effect in Europe. These transactions were structured to provide the counterparty with capital release in their regulatory jurisdiction and not structured to transfer a significant credit risk. The counterparties achieved lower capital charges by transferring a portion of their regulatory capital requirements to AIG. As shown in the table, the expected maturity of the regulatory capital-motivated transactions is only on the contractual call dates is 1.2 and 2.3 years respectively, but many of these trades may be or are being terminated earlier than that, as AIGFP's counterparties implement models compliant with the new Basel II accord. As of February 26, 2008, $54 billion in notional exposures have either been terminated or are in the process of being terminated. AIGFP's arbitrage-motivated corporate book represented $70.4 billion in notional exposure as of year end 2007. The underlying collateral in these deals, this comprised of primarily investment-grade corporate debt and collateralized loan obligations. AIGFP recorded an unrealized market valuation loss of $226 million, or about 0.3% of the national exposure in the fourth quarter as a result of general credit spread widening experienced in the markets. AIGFP's exposure to multisector CDOs in its Super Senior Credit Derivative Portfolio, the third category of exposure, totaled $78.2 billion as of December 31, 2007 of which $61.4 billion had some level of exposure to sub-prime mortgages. The attachment point is the most important feature of the risk mitigants built into these deals. Of the deals with some sub-prime exposure that ranges from an average of 15% on the high-grade deals to an average of 37% on the deals with mezzanine collateral. At inception the attachment points are always higher than the attachment points used by the rating agencies for the AAA-rating equivalent. Another important risk mitigant in the Super Senior structures of AIGFP is the priority of the cash flow waterfall to the Super Senior layer. While we always sit at the top of the waterfall when it comes to being paid, this position is typically further enhanced by the existence of one or more over-collateralization or interest coverage tests that further direct available cash flows to amortize our position more rapidly, if they are breached. By way of illustration, and please turn to slide six, you will see the make up of a typical multisector CDO Super Senior transaction. Various assets, such as residential and commercial mortgages, auto loans and student loans are packaged together into asset-backed securities, RMBS in the case of residential mortgages and CMBS in the case of commercial mortgages. These securities are structured into tranches with various ratings from AAA down to an underrated equity tranche. Typically 125 to 200 securities are purchased to form the collateral pool of the CDO. So called high-grade CDOs have investment-grade collateral securities, typically rated AA or AAA at inception and so called mezzanine CDOs consist of primarily low investment grade, with some sub-investment grade securities in certain deals. These portfolios of securities constitute the transaction growth notionals of the CDOs. The CDO itself issues several tranches of debt securities from unrated equity to BB, BBB, A and finally Junior AAA rated up to a more Senior AAA-rated tranche called the Super Senior Tranche. Cash flow waterfalls dictate our principle and interest flows are allocated to the various tranches of the CDO. Various tests including over-collateralization and interest coverage tests divert principle and our interest flows to the more senior tranches of the CDOs. AIGFP writes credit protection to the holders of the Super Senior Tranche of the CDO through the issuance of a credit derivative. AIGFP's exposure to the CDO through the credit derivative is called the Net National Exposure. As we stated in past communications, after thorough due-diligence, analysis and modeling, AIGFP determines an acceptable attachment point or subordination level over which it is willing to write protection. At inception AIGFP conducts extensive due-diligence, including a thorough analysis of the historical and expected future performance of the collateral and the manager, each underlying obligor, assets service and originator. Considerable effort is spent to avoid concentrations to single obligors, servicers and the geographies. AIGFP then utilizes proprietary data-driven actuarial models to analyze the fundamentals in the transactions. The models are calibrated to be worst than the worst recession experienced post World War II. The Models produce loss distributions by stimulating the credit performance of the underlying obligations in the portfolio. Also, if the CDO managers have latitude to substitute or exchange collateral and approvals, the transaction is modeled assuming the CDO managers select the worst possible portfolio within approved criteria. The final results of AIGFP due-diligence and modeling are then used to negotiate attachment points by the Super Senior structure. On slide seven, you can see that the AIGFP Super Senior business is subject to the oversight processes of AIG Enterprise Risk Management, which includes components of credit risk, market risk and operational risk management. Super Senior transactions entered into by AIGFP are subject to the approval of AIG's Chief Risk Officer and Chief Credit Officer under the delegations approved by AIG's Credit Risk Committee. Each transaction is independently subjected to an analytical review by credit risk management. Every quarter AIG ERM independently reviews the exposures, which are updated to show realized loss trends and current subordination levels. In addition, AIGFP's actuarial models are rerun with updated credit ratings to show the model attachment points relative to the available subordination levels to confirm to what extent the transaction still constitute Super Senior risk of incurring any realize loss. ERM identifies all transactions that show unexpected deterioration and will add these to AIG's internal watch list. ERM also assesses whether any transactions could represent probable loss, thus potentially requiring the establishment of credit reserves, of which there have been none to-date. It is also noteworthy at this point to mention that the credit processes at AIGFP working in close collaboration with AIG ERM began to see evidence that mortgage underwriting standards had declined and pulled back from this sector towards the end of 2005. For that reason, the notational of 2006 and 2007 sub-prime collateral comprises a modest 4.9% of the total collateral pools underlying the entire portfolio of CDOs with credit protection at year-end 2007. Furthermore AIGFP's multisector CDOs have only a modest exposure to higher risk secondly-lien mortgages. Please turn to slide eight. Recent credit quality deterioration in the sub-prime mortgage sector has led to market concerns about the credit quality of securities backed wholly or in part by sub-prime residential mortgages. In order to cause an economic or realize loss to the Super Senior layer, mortgage delinquencies have to deteriorate to default losses and at the fall losses in turn must cause loss to the securities in the collateral pool underlying the CDO. The securities losses have to accumulate to a level above the attachment point and reach the Super Senior layer after the waterfall diversions have been exhausted. Contractually, the credit derivative protects the Super Senior CDO holder only for actual default losses in the underlying collateral, not the loss of market value of the collateral securities or the CDO itself. The test of potential for unexpected realized losses to the Super Senior layers under prevailing condition, both AIG's ERM and AIGFP have conducted risk analysis of the portfolio. Moreover, AIG has conducted an analysis to assess the risk of incurring net realized losses over the remaining life of the portfolio. In addition to analysis of each individual risk in the portfolio, AIG conducted certain ratings-based stress tests which centered around further stressing of broad classes of the portfolio collateral from current rating levels. The results of these stress tests indicated possible realized losses on a static basis, since the assumption in these stress test assumed immediate realization of loss. But actual realized losses would only be experienced over time, given the timing of losses incurred in the underlying portfolios and the timing of breaches in the subordination. No benefit was taken in these stress tests for cash flow diversion features, recoveries upon default for other risk mitigant benefits. Furthermore, the stress tests were applied at December 31, 2007 using the lowest ratings of the major rating agencies, updated through January 3, 2008. On this slide, we characterized the conditions of the severe stress scenarios and show the result in the graph. Under this severe stress scenario, the realized loss would be approximately $900 million, in contrast to the current unrealized market valuation loss of $11.25 billion. Clearly, this market valuation estimate is biased by factors in addition to credit risk, although the Super Senior structures in AIGFP transactions only cover credit risk. Based on these analyses and stress tests, AIG believes that any losses realized over time by AIGFP as a result of meeting its obligations under these derivatives will not be material to AIG's consolidated financial condition, although it is possible that such realized losses could be material to AIG's consolidated results of operations for any individual reporting period. Please turn to slide nine, which indicates that AIGFP accounts for its Super Senior credit derivatives in accordance with FAS 133 and EITF 02-3. We also considered the guidance in FAS 157 and the paper issued in the October 2007 by the Center for Audit Quality entitled, Measurements of Fair Value in Ill-Liquid or Less Liquid Markets. AIGFP does not recognize income and earnings at the inception of each transaction, because the inputs to value these instruments are not derivable from observable market data. Income is recognized over the life of the contract and as observable market data becomes available. A fair valuation of AIGFP's Super Senior Credit Derivative Portfolio is challenging given that the spoke [ph] nature of each transaction and the like of market observable transactions or information. In the absence of any observable market, in accordance with GAAP, AIGFP must estimate fair value using the assistance of models. In estimating fair value under GAAP, AIGFP uses a combination of valuation models, principally the Binomial Expansion Technique or BET, third-party prices, relevant market indices and where necessary, management's own judgment. Through June 30, 2007, AIGFP concluded that there was a minimal change in fair value since the inception of derivatives as the Super Senior Credit Derivatives were in essence put options significantly out of the money that are insensitive to a normal changes in market credit spreads. Now the table on slide ten breaks down the notional amount of AIGFP's exposure by Super Senior underlying type and the respective cumulative mark-to-market losses experienced in the third quarter and fourth quarter. For the $70.4 billion notional exposure for corporate arbitrage transactions, AIGFP value these transactions using relevant market indices or third party prices and reported in unrealized market valuation loss in the amount of $226 million for the fourth quarter. At September 30, 2007 AIGFP employed the binomial expansion model to value this portfolio and that resulted in no noticeable change in fair value. Our regulatory capital trades, both corporate and European residential mortgage related and please time to slide 11, where you see that explain that these transaction were concluded with counterparties, primarily to facilitate regulatory capital relief for them rather than rather than to transfer credit risk to AIGFP. As I said earlier, these transactions are expected to terminate within the next 12 to 18 months, as the counterparties implement the new capital provision under Basel II. AIG conducted a comprehensive analysis of available information at year end 2007, including the counterparties' motivation and behavior, the portfolios performance, marketplace indicators and transaction-specific considerations. As a result of this analysis, AIG believes that these regulatory-driven trades are appropriately valued at zero fair value as of December 31, 2007. The most compelling market observable data to support this conclusion is the fact that $54 billion notional transactions have been terminated in early 2008 without AIG being required to make any payments and in some cases with AIG being paid a fee. As can be recognized from the information on slide 12, the fair valuation of the Super Senior Credit Derivative has become increasingly challenging, given the limited availability of market observable information due to the lack of trading and price transparency in the structured financed market, particularly in the fourth quarter of 2007. These market conditions have increased reliance on management estimates and judgments, in arriving at an estimate of fair value for financial reporting purposes. Furthermore, disparities in the valuation methodologies employed, the degree to which market data may be available to a market participant and the varying judgments reached by such participants when assessing volatile markets has increased the likelihood that the various parties to these instruments may arrive at significantly different estimates of their fair values. AIGFP's valuation methodologies and processes with the Super Senior Credit Derivative Portfolio have evolved in response to the deteriorating market conditions and the lack of sufficient market observable information. In the third quarter, as market credit spreads started to widen considerably, AIGFP implemented a Modified Binomial Expansion Technique, the BET model, using credit spread inputs on generic ABS obtained from a third-party source and the other inputs like Moody's historical recovery rates. The BET model will utilizes diversity scores, weighted average lives and discounts rates. The model accounts for the specific features of each transaction, such as portfolio amortization and tranche subordination. Our valuation indicated an unrealized loss of $352 million at the September 30, 2007. As the market continued to deteriorate in October, AIGFP continued to refine its model. It enhanced the existing data inputs by adjusting RMBS, and CDO credit spreads for the relative change in the ABX Home Equity Index. At November 30th, AIGFP ran two versions of the BET model that have been used for the October estimate of the portfolio mark. Method A was similar to the October version of the BET model, but incorporated the net benefit of structural risk mitigants, principally the cash flow diversions benefits that resulted in a reduction of the net unrealized market valuation loss. Method B incorporated two new features; first during the month of November, AIGFP obtains third-party prices of the underlying collateral securities collected by CDO managers as of October 31, 2007. These prices were used as inputs to the modified BET model to derive credit spreads more closely associated with the underlying collateral securities than the general spreads used in Method A. Second, Method B incorporated a negative basis adjustment to reflect the fact that cash and synthetic instruments frequently trade at different levels, with cash instruments normally at a wider spread than CDS for high-quality assets. Under method B, the BET model is effectively evaluation model that estimates the fair value of the CDO, which AIGFP's credit derivative protects. Using cash spreads as inputs to the model, in substance assumes that the entire spread is comprised of only one risk, credit risk. However the spread achieved from holding a cash instruments incorporates not only credit risk but also other risks, such as funding costs differentials, liquidity risks and risk aversion costs. In times of market stress, these and other risk tend to widen together with credit spread widening. The wider the spreads becomes from these other risks, the wider the negative basis. You can think of negative spread as the difference between total spread and the credit spread. When AIGFP entered into a Super Senior CDS transactions or multisector CDOs, there was an observable negative basis, driven by the fact that the major motivation of the deals was to earn a net positive spread between the spread earned by the investor of the CDO and the premium cost the investor paid to AIGFP for its credit derivative hedge. Under Method B, AIGFP estimated the benefit of this negative basis, based upon best estimate assumptions provided by major market participants. Under GAAP, sufficient observable evidence supporting the existence and quantification of negative basis for AIGFP's transactions is needed to take into account any negative basis in its fair value determinations. Currently, despite the fact that the ABS market is quite ill-liquid entering into new transactions that demonstrate the existence of the negative basis is possible. However, evidence of negative basis in AIGFP's existing transactions is currently unobservable in these market conditions. On the completion of its review of the evidence available, AIG concluded that recording a negative basis adjustment at this time is not consistent with GAAP fair value requirements. Now as described on slide 13, AIGFP has filed a rigorous process to determine its best estimate of fair value for AIGFP's Super Senior Credit Derivatives on multisector CDOs at December 31, 2007. This process is required, because there are no observable market prices for the credit derivatives AIGFP has written. Therefore, AIGFP utilizes a model to determine fair value similar to Method B in the previous slide. The method maximizes the use of third party market observable inputs where possible. There are five key components to the process. First, AIGFP was able to acquire third-party prices on about 70% of the underlying collateral securities in the multisector CDOs. In cases where AIGFP received multiple quotes, an averaging of pricing was used. Prices were reviewed for consistency across ratings and time. Matrix pricing was used where third-party prices were unavailable. Second, AIGFP benchmarked these third-party prices to independent pricing services and sources. Third, other key inputs were obtained for the modified BET model; for example, weighted average life of securities, diversity scores, discount curves and Moody's recovery rates. Next, AIGFP performed a valuation review and stress testing of the modified BET results. Finally, AIGFP obtained a number of Super Senior bond tranche quotes for the underlying CDOs or implied them from collateral calls and 12 major dealers to adjust the BET results, where appropriate, to make a best estimate of the exit value of the transactions. No negative basis adjustment was utilized for the reasons I explained earlier. In effect, the $11.25 billion unrealized market valuation loss, we've recorded, intrinsically assumes that we own the cash CDOs. No credit is given to the synthetic nature of our obligations, since the credit component of the spread widening is not presently observable. In summary, AIG believes that its $11.25 billion best estimates for the unrealized market valuation loss represents fair value under GAAP. AIG also believes that the result of its fundamental credit analysis and stress testing provide confidence that any realized losses in the portfolio, as I said, will be materially below the GAAP fair value estimates. Let's turn to slide 14. I'll talk a little bit about economic capital. In determining the available economic capital at AIG, so far in our development of the methodology, reviewed GAAP capital as a proxy for available economic capital. We do not feel it is appropriate to deduct the after-tax unrealized market valuation loss from available economic capital, since if we did so, it would assume that the appropriate economic capital required for these obligations will be based upon the current distressed and ill-liquid capital markets. Rather, AIG intends to hold what we believe are good risks on our books until the transactions mature. Economically, we would assume the severe stress loss described the earlier, plus a cost of capital charge, would constitute the current market consistent settlement value of the loss. Slide 14 explains the net after-tax adjustment to GAAP we would apply to determine AIG's available economic capital as of December 31, 2007. You can refer to the Economic Capital Update memo, we posted to our website, for a thorough explanation of this process. Turning to slide 15, in accordance with GAAP, AIG recognized the sizable unrealized market valuation loss in 2007 consequent to the severe market disruption and credit deterioration, particularly of sub-prime mortgage-backed collateral. This market valuation loss represents management's best estimate of the exit value of this portfolio into the current ill-liquid and distressed markets. However, AIGFP under-wrote its Super Senior Credit Derivative business to a zero loss standard, incorporating conservative stress scenarios at inception. Although, there is likely to be continued volatility and perhaps further deterioration in the credit markets, based upon AIG's analysis and stress tests, AIG does believe that any credit impairment losses realized over time by AIGFP will not be material to AIG's consolidated financial position, nor to it's excess economic capital position, although as I stated, they could be material to an individual reporting period. Finally on slide 16, AIG recognizes that continued improvement in its internal controls is necessary and remediation of the identified material weakness will be a very high priority in 2008. Over time, AIG intends to reduce its reliance on certain manual controls that have been established and to migrate models that have been developed in response to market events to a more robust production environment. AIG is also currently developing new systems and processes, which will allow it to rely on front-end preventive and detective controls that will be more sustainable over the long term. AIG is committed to making the significant investment necessary to make these improvements. Now I'll turn it over to Win to disuses our invest portfolio.
Win Jay Neuger - Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer: Thanks Steve. I will provide you with an update on AIG insurance investment exposure to residential mortgages, commercial mortgage-backed securities, monoline insurers and collateralized debt obligations. We posted a more detailed presentation on the website, as Steve mentioned. Here also we incurred the significant negative realized and unrealized accounting losses during the fourth quarter. The overall, market dislocation had an impact on investment valuations, which resulted in realized capital losses in 2007 of $3.6 billion. We also have reported an unrealized depreciation on investments of $8 billion, reducing accumulated other comprehensive income to a still positive $4.4 billion net of tax. On slide 19, the components of the 2007 losses and declines are detailed. Above all risk assets were impacted the RMBS securities were most affected, as shown in the far right column. I also want to point out that these combined realized and unrealized losses are approximately 2% of the total insurance investment portfolio and not all of the losses on the left hand column are even related to these portfolios, and non-RMBS losses amount to 1% of non-RMBS insurance investment portfolios. Beginning with realized losses, more than 100% of the net number is accounted for by the $4.1 billion, other than temporary impairment. Of that OTTI loss approximately $3.1 billion is expected to recover in value. The 3.1 billion amount that we expect to recover is associated with either our inability to reasonably assert that certain severe declines in valuations are temporary, our lack of intent to hold to recovery or an adverse change in the timing, but not the amount of cash flows in structured securities. Another $500 million is associated with other than temporary changes in currency valuations and that leaves the remaining approximately $500 million which is associated with credit and structured securities impairments, with all the expectation of full recovery of principle. Please note that actual transactions during the year generated net gains of $1.2 billion and only $30 million of losses were taken on sale of RMBS. Moving to the $8 billion of unrealized depreciation for the year, $5.1 billion or 63% is associated with RMBS mostly rated AAA and AA. In addition we have also seen declines in valuation of monoline insurers, commercial mortgage-backed securities and CDOs. We continue to believe that these market value declines are driven predominantly by market conditions, not by significant changes to the risk of principal repayments. I will now move to talk in more detail about the key segments of the RMBS portfolio and explain our current position and why we believe that will be mostly repaid. I am going to skip from slide 20 to 21 and talk about the breakdown of the $89.9 billion of RMBS exposure. Our sub-prime RMBS holdings totaled $24.1 billion down from $28.6 billion at the end of June and $29.9 billion at the end of September. Alt-A RMBS holdings totaled $25.3 billion also down from earlier periods. Slide 22 displays further details of the RMBS portfolio by rating for each type of mortgage-backed security. The slide underscores the point that we overall RMBS portfolio is high quality with 91% rated AAA by agencies and 7% rated AA. On slides 23 and 24 are details of the sub-prime and Alt-A portfolios, by vintage year, rating and weighted average expected life. Slide 23 shows the details of AIG's investments $24.1 billion of sub-prime holdings. 87% of sub-prime is rated AAA and another 12% is rated AA. Slide 24 provides details of our Alt-A holdings totaling $25.3 billion, of which 95% are rated AAA, and 4% are rated AA. An important component in understanding the risk in our RMBS holding is the degree of credit enhancement. On slide 25 we presented our original and current average credit enhancement for this sub-prime 2006 vintage, the largest vintage year among our portfolio sub prime holdings. Although the market's loss expectation has increased, our portfolio has delevered significantly, with an average credit enhancement of 29.6% for our AAA holding, and 21.5% for all holding below AAA. While sub-prime 2006 vintage loss estimates have risen into the high-teens or even low 20s, the combination of excess spread and current credit enhancement is providing the intended cushion. Slide 26 shows comparable information for the Alt-A portfolio. As shown on slide 27, the major rating agencies have been downgrading and placing many securities on negative watch during the past six months. About $443 million of AIG's RMBS securities were downgraded in the fourth quarter of 2007 and an additional $3.6 billion were downgraded through February, 25th. $9.7 billion of the portfolio is on negative watch as of that date. Of these downgraded securities, $2.7 billion were sub-prime exposures and represented 11% of the total sub-prime holdings. Taking into account all rating actions through yesterday, 93% of our sub-prime RMBS exposure is still rated AAA and AA. It's important to note also that rating agency downgrades do not affect the structural priority of payments, so the securities originally rated AAA retain their payment priorities including trigger or treble rates irrespective of their current ratings. Turning to Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities or CMBS, on slide 28, our holdings are $23.9 billion with close to 89% rated AAA or AA and only 0.2% below investment grade. Moreover $21 billion are traditional CMBS securities. Of the 9% of the CMBS exposure that come from resecuritizations of CMBS and Commercial Real Estate or CRE CDOs two-thirds of the loan underlying these securities are seasoned 25 months or more. Side 29 presents the CMBS portfolio's current delinquency profile compared to market experience, showing positive comparison with only 23 basis points of delinquencies on the portfolio. Next, slide 30 shows our CDO portfolio, shows that our CDO portfolio amounts to $4.6 billion, most of which are CDOs of corporate bank loans. In general, the pricing of this portfolio has been adversely affected by current marketing conditions. However, after fourth quarter write-downs, the portfolio has only $58 million of remaining ABS CDOs with sub-prime exposure and only 1.6% of the holdings in the total portfolio were downgraded in 2007. Based on our current analysis, the ultimate loss of principle in the CDO holdings is expected to be minimal. Turning to AIG's exposure to the monoline insurers on slide 31, the investment portfolios have $42.2 billion of exposure, of which more than 99% are financial guarantees from the monoline companies. $31.4 billion of the monoline exposure supports the municipal bond portfolio, which has a high underlying credit quality of AA. Slide 32, which shows or slide 32 rather, shows that the 84 % the monoline exposure has an underlying rating of A or better, in other words the bonds that are being insured are rated A or better without the guarantee. Financial guarantees are viewed by AIG purely as a secondary source of payment for all wrapped investments. On slide 33, is the breakdown of our exposure to each monoline insurer. You'll see that 96% of the monoline exposure is to MBIA, FSA, Ambac, and FGIC. Slide 34 summarizes the characteristics of our RMBS, CMBS and ABS wraps that are wrapped by the monolines. The RMBS, CMBS positions with internal ratings below investment grade represent primarily Second Lien and HELOG, Home Equity Loan Goals that have worst experienced... that have experienced worst than anticipated performance. Currently, there are 10 RMBS Second Lien and Home Equity transactions totaling at $380 million, or less than 1% of AIG's total insured portfolio that are known to be receiving contractual payments through their financial guarantees. Concluding with slide 35, since August 2007, the broader capital markets have emphasized liquidity and aversion to risk. The U.S. residential mortgage market has continued to deteriorate, with limited financing opportunities from mortgage borrowers and substantial increases in lifetime loss expectation on 2006 and 2007 U.S. mortgages. This deterioration has increased our mark-to-market and downgrade risk. However, our preference for RMBS exposure is high in the capital structure, continues to guide a current expectation that the risk of an ultimate loss to investment principle in these securities remains low. We've also focused on monoline, CMBS and CDOs in this presentation, all to varying degrees have been focal points of market volatility in the past six months. So our CMBS holdings have suffered from volatile market pricing, underlying fundamentals remained strong with very low delinquencies. Furthermore our CDO holdings have suffered minimal downgrades in 2007 and have little exposure to the current struggling sub-prime CDO market Because AIG focuses on fundamental credit analyses, our holdings did not rely on financial guarantees for monoline insurers... from monoline insurers as a primary source of repayments at the time of acquisition. In this environment, in our insurance portfolio as we have been opportunistically increasing liquidity, further downgrading migrations are... seem fairly likely but its important to note that ratings changes do not affect the structural protection and unless we expect substantially full recovery of principle interest from most of our investment holdings. Furthermore, we are looking for opportunities to take advantage here as the markets create what are truly compelling opportunities in the market. And I will turn it to Bob.
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Moving on briefly to AIG's mortgage insurance subsidiary, United Guaranty in slide 37, UGC has been providing lenders mortgage insurance on first and second lien mortgage since 1963. As the broad market participates in the cyclical business, UGC's performance is highly correlated to the fortunes of the housing market. The current housing downturn has affected performance in asset quality, but UGC continues to outperform the industry on average. Several underwriting and eligibility adjustments being implemented by UGC and their lender customers are improving the quality of new business production. The composition of UGC's portfolio has not changed significantly as shown on slide 38. Loans to borrowers with FICO scores less than 620 constituted about 8.4% of UGC's domestic mortgage risk enforced and 70% of their net risk-in-force has FICO scores greater than 660. Furthermore, high risk products such as interest only and option ARMS remain less than 10% of the risk-in-force. The 2007 vintage exposure was driven by higher utilization of mortgage insurance in the overall mortgage market. However UGC's market share of its traditional first lien flow business did decline by 1.2 percentage points quarter-over-quarter and 2.3 percentage points year-over-year. Turning to slide 39, the deterioration of the U.S. housing market has affected all segments of the mortgage business, but the high LTV second-lien product is particularly sensitive and accounts for 51% of UGCs 2007 domestic mortgage net losses incurred. Due to the accelerated claim cycle of second-lien mortgages, these net losses incurred should work through the portfolio much faster and peaked in 2007. First lien net losses incurred however are starting to have a significant affect on operating results and some further deterioration is expected in 2008. Nevertheless, as of December 31, 2007, expected losses are significantly below the net risk-in-force. Moreover future premiums are projected to exceed future losses on the existing domestic mortgage portfolio, despite an inherent mismatch in the timing of premium earnings and incurred losses. UGC's decision to be only a minor participant in the higher risk bulk channel which is predominantly sub-prime, Alt-A, and option ARM business is the primary driver behind UGC's better delinquency performance on first-lien mortgages than the rest of the mortgage insurance industry, as depicted by the graph on slide 40. The graph is narrower than historical levels due to a rapid deterioration in the overall markets. However in January the gap widened to 73 basis points from the 64 basis points in December. The slides 42 and 41 describe UGC continues to implement key risk initiatives to improve the quality of new business production in both the first and second lien businesses, including tightening eligibility guidelines and increasing rates in select high-risk business segments. There are a number of risk-mitigating factors described on 43. In light of this the cyclical nature of the mortgage insurance business, UGC employs risk-sharing arrangements or captive reinsurance with most of its major lender customers. It also purchases quarter share reinsurance on quotients of its sub-prime first lien business and segments of its second lien product. UGC maintains an important exclusion for fraud on both its first and second lien business and it has a geographically diverse book and continues to focus on ensuring single-family owner occupied residency. In summary on slide 44, UGC has engaged in the highly cyclical business and downturns in the housing industry have negatively affected short-term results. UGC continues to implement key risk initiatives to improve the quality of new business production. However, UGC expects the downward market cycle will continue to adversely affect its operating results for the foreseeable future and is likely to result in another significant operating loss in 2008. Turning to slide 46, American General Finance is AIG's domestic consumer finance business. AGF is a portfolio-based lender whose product includes real estate, non-real estate and retail sales finance loans. It originates real estate loans through a 1600 branches. AGF also originates and acquires loans through its centralized real estate operations. Slide 47, depicts the slowdown in AGF real estate production beginning in the third quarter of 2005. As we have mentioned in previous calls, AGF did not relax underwriting standards in the market overheated in late '05 and '06. Rather they anticipated many of the real estate market issues and scarified growth for long-term credit quality and earnings stability. The results of AGF's underwriting discipline has resulted in a mortgage portfolio with credit quality far superior to that of the sub-prime asset-backed security real estate market as shown on slide 48. On slide 49, AGS Real Estate 60 plus delinquency rate was 2.64% and its real estate net charge-off ratio was 0.47% at year end '07. The current housing downturn has resulted in delinquencies and losses that have risen form recent all-time lows and credit quality remains subject to future of macroeconomic conditions. Nevertheless, AGF's credit quality remains below its target ranges which were set by AIG and AGF management years ago, to the sound credit quality parameters. Slide 50 highlights key risk mitigants in the mortgage portfolio. AGF has required full income verification on almost its entire real estate book. In addition 88% of the portfolios are fixed-rate mortgages which have much lower delinquencies and losses than adjustable risk products. The limited ARM customer base is qualified on a fully indexed and fully amortizing basis at origination and only 9% of the overall real estate loan portfolio is due to reset interest rates by year end 2008. Furthermore, AGF did not delegate underwriting on purchase loans and has not made option ARMs. Essentially all other real estate loans are first mortgages and owner-occupied. AGF recently announced the pending acquisition of $1.5 billion and outstanding balances of branch-based consumer loans of Equity One Inc. representing approximately 130,000 accounts. As described on slide 51, this transaction is expected to close during the first quarter of '08. AGF believes this is an excellent opportunity to augment organic growth with a large portfolio of first and second fixed rate mortgages, consumer loans and retail receivables that is similar to AGF's customer profile and credit quality performance. In summary, on slide 52, at the end of the fourth quarter, the real estate portfolio remained at $19.5 billion, flat to the end of the third quarter. AGF believes that the housing market will likely continue to deteriorate for the remainder for '08, but the company's business model and underwriting approach are sound and will allow the company to continue to pursue opportunities, as they arise. Back to you Martin?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Bob. I want to conclude by reinforcing that AIG remains a great company. With unmet competitive advantages, strong brand recognition and a unique global franchise, we believe AIG is extremely well positioned for the upcoming market opportunities. We know that this has been a very long presentation that there has been much to cover and I hope that that our disclosure has been helpful for you to understand these issues in more detail and in more depth. We appreciate your patience and now we will be more than happy to take your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan.
Jamminder Bhullar - J. P. Morgan Securities: Hi thank you.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jimmy.
Jamminder Bhullar - J. P. Morgan Securities: Hi good morning. I just have a few questions. The first one is for Edmund, if he is there. You mentioned that there is a chance that you had to contribute additional capital to your dial-on [ph] business, because of higher capital requirement. If you could quantify that on what that could be and secondly, on your $14.5 billion to $19.5 billion estimate for excess capital, what's the potential that this number could decline when you revise your excess capital estimate, once you use the updated 1231 inputs. I think it's made your publishing utilized number. And the final question is on your economic loss language for the capital market business. If you can discuss the rationale behind the change in language, how much of it's driven by the deterioration in the market and how much of it is just conservatism on your part and then just generally talk about the factors that could affect your realized loss estimate of $900 million, that would be revised higher or lower over time?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay Jimmy.
Edmund S.W. Tse - Senior Vice Chairman, Life Insurance: Hi Jimmy, Edmund here. I am here with the group. I'd just answer your first question relating to the capital requirement in Taiwan, namely Nan Shan. In fact we have a very strong underlying performance in our life company in Taiwan. Nan Shan is making a operating income of like $900 million for the year, but there is some new capital requirement as regulated by the insurance commissioner and they had some capital charge to certain type of investments and as a result that our RBC, Risk Based Capital maybe in case of investment performance below the requirement of 200%. Right now, we don't have a problem, we that impairment ahead. In case, we are below that, then we may have a problem to increase our offshore investments as only if our RBC is above 200%, they will approve further increase in offshore investment from the 35% to 40%. But based on a current situation, we do not need an injection of capital to support our local operation there. It's very profitable and the financial is very strong. We are thinking of different ways to see if we could further improve our RBC including possible reinsurance and/or realized some capital gains from sudden investment asset and so forth. But the last resort to probably thinking of issue preferred shares to enhance our further capital base in Taiwan. But that's really for precaution.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me, it's Steve, with regard to your second question on excess capital. The $14.5 billion to $19.5 billion range that we just published is based upon the roll forward of our current modeling as I have talked about earlier. To what extent that might change when we do the full review on the December 31, 2007 numbers. I mean it's very difficult for me right now to project that. If we look at the past circumstances the updates have been pretty consistent with the roll forward. But it's really impossible for me to give you any real level of confidence on that, although I would say, we feel pretty good about how we've derived these numbers at this point of time. With regard to your third question on economic capital, loss estimates or I am sorry the cost estimates on the stress studies, I'll turn it over to Bob Lewis.
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Yes, Jimmy, you asked given our conservative estimate of excess capital at the end of '07 of between $14.5 billion and $19.5 billion. But when we actually run the numbers and validate whether you think that there will be a substantial change in that number. No, we do not but the initial assessment, our estimate is based upon our roll forward of certain assets and liabilities, which we of course need some time to fully to fully model. So there is no expectation that there would be a major adjustment. That range does already take to account the results, the financial results that we have reported. Regarding your third question on the stresses, regarding on that, as far as effect of further rating changes, I think you can see from the stress description on page eight, that we have taken into account one, the current ratings that exists through January in our current estimates and then also we have stress those ratings substantially from here. And so that I think that stress that we provide there in detail shows a significant change of potential quality in the portfolios that is really driven from the current analysis of expected delinquencies and loss development as well as recovery rates or housing price depreciation. So by assessing are own views and also those of third party, third party analyst particularly the rating agencies, who have used that in determining the stress test that we have shown there. Regarding how that estimate could move and what could move it? Obviously no one knows exactly how deep and how long live this downturn will be. However, given the assumptions of delinquencies and losses and housing price appreciations that effect, we are quite comfortable with that stress really is a severe stress to our business and then that number is right now our current best estimate of a real severe stress loss.
Jamminder Bhullar - J. P. Morgan Securities: Okay and are the $6.2 billion credit that you are taking or the benefit in your excess capital assessment is that something that the rating agencies are okay with or there is some, are the rating agencies are okay with that treatment.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Jimmy I think we have been pretty clear as we discussed this over the last year that the rating agency is right now, are not as far along as we are in terms of our own economic capital modeling. So the rating agencies are using their own testing. Now, I think you have seen from some of the publications over the past few weeks that a number of the rating agencies are doing their own modeling of our underlying Super Senior portfolios, some of them gave some initial views a couple of weeks ago, when they changed our outlook or put the company on rating watch or review. So they are not on... they are not using the same methodology as we are, but we expect that as we continue to converse with them over the next few weeks in the immediate future that will be showing them the rationale for our own modeling and comparing that with them to their own and providing them with the information they need to come to their own conclusions.
Jamminder Bhullar - J. P. Morgan Securities: Okay, thank you.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jimmy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning. It would seem to me given the circumstances that the greatest area in your control to create value and make money is in getting better rates in the property and casualty area. And I wanted to know what you are doing on that end? Thank you.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Ron. Well obviously, during the fourth quarter and year end, we continue to see rating pressures in the P&C environment and domestically in the United States overall I think rates were down around 9% and I think internationally in our commercial business rates were down about 11%. The good news is that so far again generally speaking terms and conditions high policy wordings and deductibles holding reasonably well. They're always of course examples where that is challenged. But both Kris Moor and Nick Walsh are here to give a little more color maybe by line, where we are seeing continued rate pressures. One area I am particularly concerned about is the aviation sector, which continues to see significant rating pressures over many years, but I'll let Chris and Nick add a few words.
Kristian P. Moor - Executive Vice President, Domestic General Insurance: Yes Ron, this is Kris. Overall monetary that was 9%, but on the... excluding the property and workers comp for the fourth quarter they were down 10% and for a whole year about down 8%. The property rates declined in the fourth quarter about 13%. We're seeing similar in the first quarter so far overall rates are down about 10% and property rates are down about 12%, but with that said, we still feel that in almost all our lines the business set for a few that rates are plenty, adequate and there is a lot of opportunity out there for us. The areas that we are watching very closely or looking at closely is the aviation area and also in some of the states for workers comp, but besides that we still see a lot of opportunity out there.
Nicholas C. Walsh - Executive Vice President, Foreign General Insurance: Ron from a Foreign Gen standpoint, the comments on pricing are pretty much the same. But we have some terrific opportunities across the world. We have excellent growth in Latin America where there are some pricing opportunities because of reducing local capacity. We are doing extremely well in Continental Europe, where we are primarily under scale, so there is lots of upside as well there. I am very excited about Middle East and some of the emerging markets. So it may be tough in some of the more conventional markets, but there are still lots of opportunities for Foreign Gen.
Unidentified Analyst: I appreciate the commentary and the discussion of opportunity. I am surprised I don't hear any talk about rating action that you are taking as a leader in large swaps of lines of business and in P&C, basically taking a leadership position to hold rates or take rates up.
Kristian P. Moor - Executive Vice President, Domestic General Insurance: Ron this is Kris again. It's a good comment. In areas... there are always areas that have exposures that you feel that you are coming close or you are at the point where the rates have to change and obviously in today's environment, financial institutions is an area that rates we are pushing and leading the market and there are one or two others that are with us on that and increasing the rates in that area. And in some other product lines and if you go don very specifically, you will see spots where we are increasing rates. Then in other areas we see opportunities, where the rates don't need to be increased. But we look at that and we do lead the market in that area.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Ron.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman with UBS.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Securities: Hey good morning. Couple of question more conceptually; what was it that led to the conclusion by Price Waterhouse Coopers that you have a material weakness. Where did that... when did that thinking coming into play? And with that and correct me if I am wrong, I don't want to focus on the monoline insurers, but don't they use a fair amount of manual marks in their accounting. So that would be question one. Part two is I know you've just touched a bit on your economic capital on the $14.5 billion to $19 billion I think it is and it's not clear what the rating agencies are thinking. Is there a risk that they're going to ask you for more capital may be you can... I assume in your comments early you indicated no, but could you give us a sense of what you're thinking on that front? And mainly in terms of the Japanese market, it looked like there were a few pressure points, you had let's see your Japan sales were down in the fixed annuity area about 10%. You saw some weakness in the group premiums about 9% and the personal accident area actually showed an 8% increase, also weakness in variable annuity sales so. So may be if you could I don't mean to this a long one, but may just a quick color around each of these products, real quick in Japan and what the environment is like?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Andrew. Well I'll take question number one. I'm sure Steve will tackle question two and Bob Clyde is on the line from Japan, so what I'll defer number three to him. He can give lot more color. Just on the first part of your first question, obviously given the extreme dislocation in the markets, affecting obviously AIGFP's Super Senior Credit Default Swaps, we were working during the fourth quarter of implement system and controls to accurately report financial results. While obviously we didn't succeed, obviously because we have the material weakness that evolved during the close process in implementing an oversea and a sufficient valuation process before the end of the fiscal year, we obviously have addressed those issues in preparing our year-end numbers by obviously inserting compensating controls. The good news and of course in the bottom line is that we have a clean ordered opinion and that the accountants signed off on the numbers and as Steve mentioned earlier, we are obviously working very hard to remediate as soon as possible, the material weakness. Obviously on the second part of your question, I obviously can't comment, on the other companies, particularly the monolines as you suggest and haven't formulated their numbers.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Securities: Then Mart then may be just, you seem so confident at that December Investor Day and it just makes me wonder where what was, Price Waterhouse Coopers thinking, at the time to where go into that Investor Day, and be so confident. May be this stuff could have been corrected in time before the material weakness and actually on that note, when do you think it's possible that could get lifted?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, well on the first part of your question there Andrew, obviously those numbers that were presented at December 5th were unaudited. And secondly, as I have indicated we are going to work very diligently to remediate the material weakness as quickly as we possibly can and we will be working very hard to do that through the balance of 2008. And as soon as we have fully remediated obviously we will advice you as soon as possible.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Securities: Okay, alright...
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andrew on the question of the rating agencies, obviously I can't speak for them. However, I think if you read the publications that all four of the major rating agencies made a couple of weeks ago after we filed the 8-K, I don't think that you will see any indication that they feel that we have capital issues discussed and that has not been the subject of any discussion with them so far. Now again, I can't speak for them or what their conclusions might be, once they digest our year-end numbers. But so far that has not been discussion topic.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Securities: Steve spread had widened a fair amount in January and February. If you had to remarks today, would you be looking at something similar again for the first quarter and then will the agencies get concerned?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andrew I think a lot of what we have discussed with the rating agencies and what they have written has not only been focusing on the fair value marks for GAAP but they are also looking at the economic stress test analysis and the underlying strength of the portfolios. If you go back to the presentation that we discussed a few minutes ago, these Super Senior structures were designed to withstand very severe economic stress, that's how they were underwritten. And so far from an economic standpoint they certainly seem to be performing as they were designed. So I think the substance of that is also going to be a significant factor in the actions that the rating agencies take, based upon the conversations we've had with them and also what they have actually already written. So I think we just have to see how it evolves and again, I really can't speak for them other then to point you to what they have been saying publicly.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Securities: Steve, do you think the mark will be similar in the first quarter to what we have just seen in the fourth quarter?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andrew I really... we really don't know that at this point in time. I mean there has been more deterioration in the underlying market as a whole. There has been as you stated further spread widening. What that precisely implies through our overall portfolio, we just know at this point in time. The processes that we now employ that I went through with you are highly complex. They involve a great deal of market information that takes time to obtain. We will have our best estimate mark, when we publish our first quarter financials. But right now, I think it would be just too difficult to really give any kind of an answer to that precisely.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks Andrew. Bob if I can ask you to respond to the third part of Andrews' question.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, hi, Andrew. Let me start with your questions about annuities. The sales of fixed annuities were 11% below the fourth quarter of the prior year but it improved by 6% versus the third quarter, which marks the third straight quarter of increasing sales, due largely to strengthening yen and steepening of the yield curved in the recent equity market volatility, and also fixed annuity sales for face-to-face channel has shown some nice gains to with the new not got wider option that we offer. Now we'd initially introduced that in the face-to-face channel. We also introduced in the bank insurance channel in fourth quarter and thus far. Three banks have taken up and that we are in the process for launching a number of others. With respect to variable annuities, we were 5% of our fourth quarter but we were declining... we declined 22% versus the third quarter due to the turbulent equity markets. And of course, the risk characterization applied to these products which the... because the new financial instruments and exchange law that has created some of... bit of current going the other direction, but the new lifetime guarantee minimum withdrawal benefit VA for life product saw really significant growth in the fourth quarter. The sales grew to 65%, versus the third quarter and 53%, versus against the fourth quarter and that's helped. That was helped in large part by a third quarter launch by SMBC one of the mega banks and a mid fourth quarter launch by BTMU another mega bank. And as a result at the end of December, we had launched that product in 35 banks and we are the only VA... similar VA products sold off for mega banks incidentally. And the sales of that GMWB for life VA had continued to increase every month. Let me just move over to the A&H sales which in fourth quarter declined by 15.6% over prior year, mainly due to deliberate measures that we had to reduce our advertising spend in ALICO's direct marketing channel to improve profitability. And to offset that decline, we had increased A&H sales through face-to-face channels. As we look forward, we're anticipating a stronger outlook for A&H sales as concerns raised by the claims payment issue are starting to fade. We are into the final phase of the bank deregulation which has opened up new opportunities as well. In fact on 22nd December, as you know that was the final phase of deregulation and ALICO started to sell four A&H products including a new innovative single premium whole life FIH in 20 major banks including four mega-banks and we're, again we're the only provider of products in all four mega-banks. And the mandates in the banks are running ahead of our plans that we have 24 tie ups by the end of February. And we expect 30 banks by the end of April, until we have several other product initiatives as well. We got a new cancer product that we'll be launching in June, we are excited about, it will be competitively priced, it will be particularly important to the female and younger market segments. We expect a new FIH product to be developed in December. Just briefly, I would like to... you didn't ask about life, but let me just mention one thing that about why life insurance is down 12.3% for fourth quarter. Major driver of that negative term was the suspension of the lapse-supported increasing term product back in April 2007. And following that suspension, our sales totally dried out. If you exclude that increasing term products, sales were up 14% in the fourth quarter and 8.6% for the year and we had other products to overcome that impact with the suspension of LSIT and for example we posted record sales of dollar products which have profit margins but are significantly higher, than our yen based products, so that was a really positive outcome. If we look forward in life, the outlook I think is very favorable. Single premium dollar and whole life products remain very strong in both face-to-face and bank channels. ALICO launched a very innovative product called ESDN [ph] or yen so to dollar [ph] which is a product that's yen on the outside and dollar on the inside. And that product has surpassed our expectations in the first couple of months and we have a suite of about six products now through the banks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Bob, if can and I'm going to have to try and end your response there. Because we've got a lot of people on the call. Andrew, if you like any more information, obviously we can get back to you on that.
Andrew Kligerman - UBS Securities: That was great.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay thank you very much, indeed. And ladies and gentlemen I think we've got enough number of callers obviously and if may ask that you kindly limit may be to one or two questions. And then so we can take as many calls we possibly can. Thank you very much indeed.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nigel Daly with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Daly - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Nigel.
Nigel Daly - Morgan Stanley: You... coming into that consumer financed delinquencies and charge-offs remained below your target ranges; you're barely breaking even in these operations. So perhaps you can provide some additional color on what's driving the significant pressure on the earnings, if it's not the performance of your loan portfolio. Second, just numbers question, if you can break down the mark-to-market losses between the high grade and the mezzanine model CDOs and subprime?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Great, Nigel we have Rick Geissinger with us, obviously he runs our domestic consumer finance business. So I'll ask him to respond.
Frederick W. Geissinger - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American General Finance: What was driving the fourth quarter is basically three or four major factors. We continue to have problems in our mortgage company. We have taken a number of actions to correct that and we'll continue to do so. We also added about $70 million to our allowance for loan losses, the reason for that is that we came off historical lows for the company in summer of '06. And delinquency and charge-offs are up somewhat. We are not immune to what's happening in credit markets. But we are still below the target ranges that the we published in the 1997 in all of our products. So this is a little bit of margin spread... margin squeeze I should say and that's fundamentally what's driving the earnings in the fourth quarter.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Nigel, on the second part of your question. We're looking for that information and we'll try and get back to you during the period of this call.
Nigel Daly - Morgan Stanley: Okay that will be great. Thanks.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Appreciate it. Nigel just a clarification you are talking about the investment losses correct?
Nigel Daly - Morgan Stanley: The TDS mark-to-market loss which you took in the quarter, is breaking it down between the high grades and the mezzanine?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Are you talking about the super senior block?
Nigel Daly - Morgan Stanley: In the super senior, yes that's right.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Alright. I am not sure would we be able to have that information in this call but we can try to provide that.
Nigel Daly - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Nigel.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Citi. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Thank you. Two questions the first I want to discuss the $900 million stress test scenario number. How that relates to the less than $600 million discussion, and what seems like a worst case scenario described at the December 5th conference call. And then I want to also ask about the $900 million during the commentary and the Q&A you said that that number was as of January 31st. I just want to confirm that that's actually as of December 31st. And finally I wonder if you could get any commentary on the D&O subprime exposure. I noticed you added some new disclosure there I am curious to know if you can talk about number of potential policies affected or what's kind of rate online per million of coverage, we are talking about in that book of business?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sorry Josh, Bob will respond to the first part of your question there and we have John Doyle with us who is responsible for executive liability business and he'll give you some color on the last part and I think Nick will chime in there with some information on the international side as well. But first Bob.
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Good morning Josh, Bob Lewis. As far as the comparison of your, of the $900 million and the $600 million, the $600 million I assume you are referring to one of the frequently asked questions in the December 5th presentation which described in it what the actual stress, if you will what's defined as being. And the $900 million, the stress there is identified for you on slide eight of the presentation, we just referred to. So the actual components of the stress are slightly different. I don't have the actual $600 million in front of me here. But the $900 million that we have just discussed is really as we articulated there what we feel from current situation and rating situations that are in the marketplace. What we feel is a severe stress from here and that is rolled up on the portfolio too. This $900 million potential unexpected loss.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: To be fair, the 600 million was writing off all 2005 subprime RMBS BBB and below in all '07 and '06 regardless of Vintage as well as ABS CDOs from those here, I think because of the Vintage and... it seems like an extreme structure do you think the $900 million isn't even more extreme stressing then that?
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: I think it said what principally say is that there is a different stress we have done a number of stresses and the one that we have articulated in the presentation today is that one that we feel given where the current stress is being shown in the marketplace which is in the subprime and all day areas. This is a stress that we feel is the most appropriate for our own internal purposes to use as a severe stress.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: And that's as of December not January.
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Yes, as of December incorporating however rating actions that through January 3rd. So there were significant rating actions taken in January 3rd and our stress is a stress from that.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Okay very good. And on the D&O front?
John Q. Doyle - Senior Vice President, Domestic General Insurance: As Good morning Josh as Martin mentioned we continue to monitor the issue very, very closely and claim activity remains manageable on at this time. We have as of a week ago and dating back to the beginning of 2007, were unnoticed of claims or potential claims on 261 policies its 334 potential moves.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: And is there any way to, get any more granular about how that $347 million in premium is divided among various clients about now?
John Q. Doyle - Senior Vice President, Domestic General Insurance: Sure. That number of claims by the way, is a global number its our worldwide operations, $301 million of the $347 million in written premium is from our domestic operations. I am not sure what other information we can pull there.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Can you talk of rate online for D&O at times or anyway that we can translate that in to $347 million coverage, how many clients or anything of that nature?
Unidentified Company Representative: How many clients we have...
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: How many possible clients, you talked, you totaled the total sub prime potential exposure, how many clients does that actually cover?
John Q. Doyle - Senior Vice President, Domestic General Insurance: I don't have any number in front of me but we did an extensive ground up review in a domestic insurance operation to come up with the, the profile of the accounts that are potentially exposed in the footnote, it notes all the various class of that business that, that we took a look at, as Chrisman mentioned we are pushing price in the financial institutional area, and prices very widely from private, private to public risk. From inner risk, the other part of portfolio, So prices are very, very different from one segment to another.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Okay. Well you guys are going to get further disclosure on that, I am sure I would appreciate. Thank you very much.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Larry Greenberg with Langen McAlenney. Your line is open.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Thank you and Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Larry.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: On the FP side, I know that AIG guarantees the debt capital there. Is there any possibility that the rating agencies will reflect some more capital into FP?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Larry that again, that has not been a subject matter of discussion, because of the guarantee that AIG provides to AIG financial products. They are relying on AIG's overall financial strength and support to operation. So that has not been a subject of discussion, now.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Okay great. Have any other key management of FP left or are planning to leave beyond June?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Larry and they are getting back to work straight after this call.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Great and just a couple of small pieces, what was the FX impact in the foreign life earnings?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Kristian.
Kristian P. Moor - Executive Vice President, Domestic General Insurance: For the quarter it was 3%, 2% year-to-date. And it was less. It was a benefit on revenue, on operating income bottom-line. We disclosed the impact on revenues and GAAP premiums in our step supplement, but bottom-line was of 3% for the quarter, 2% year-to-date.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Great. And you made reference to some unusual expenses in the foreign gen expense ratio, I mean it looks there was about 4 points above normal which is about $130 million. Is that reasonable for me to assume?
Unidentified Company Representative: Nick's, Nick Walsh has got some color on that Larry in great detail.
Nicholas C. Walsh - Executive Vice President, Foreign General Insurance: For those of you don't have supplements in front of you, the fourth quarter '07 expense ratio is 42.25 against the prior 38.48, which is a difference of 3.77 and the year is at 34.95. First comment is that the fourth quarter expense ratio is always the highest of the year for seasonalization issues. But the reasons for the difference is primarily through the realignment of certain legal entities and integration costs and major part of that is the, we call it part transfer of organization in the U.K. from a U.S. branch to a local subsidiary that started on time and it will finish on time, it is finished. Give you some numbers involved, 200 people for the majority of the year. We send out information pact to 2.2 million customers and that was 10.5 million pieces of paper and we received 47,000 in cards [ph] with which we dealt with. The other part of integration is between our acquisition in Taiwan Central and AIG operations. Asides from that Ascot had a... Lloyd [ph] business had a spectacular year and the increase profit commission shares up as an impact on fourth quarter expense ratio. Aside from that we have a continuing emphasis on the consumer business and part of our strategic imperative is to change the format of some our commercial business we're targeting are expecting about this in previous events. We're targeting smaller businesses, because we think we have an opportunity there and the commission cost and of course the operating expenses around that are higher, but that's all according to our plans.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Larry.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Thank you
Operator: Our next question from Jay Cohen with Merrill Lynch.
Jay A. Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Two questions, first on UGC, clearly you're suggesting the '08 year is going to be another pretty bad one. I am wondering if you can put any parameters around this. Should be we expecting losses in '08 to essentially mimic what we saw in the fourth quarter of '07, that's the first question. And secondly, in lot of your analysis you make a reasonable distinction between '06 to '07 vintages and the five vintages which I think up until this point has been pretty reasonable, but with real estate prices continuing to come down. Do you see a risk or why don't you see a risk at the '05 year will you look may be as bad as '06 given that the real estate prices continue to fall?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Jay, Bill is Nutt is with us, so I'll ask Billy to respond to the first part of your question.
William V. Nutt, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer, UGC: Sure good morning Jay. First question is we all seen the housing indicator as we're trending negative, trending negative at it and an accelerating pace particularly in fourth quarter and likely to continue to do so. We've pushed our economic forecast to suggest that the housing market is going continue to experience a lot of stress through '08 and probably will not bottom out until the first half of '09, if then. So the combination of deterioration in the housing market combined with obviously a slowing economy is going put quite a bit of stress on our domestic portfolio and as Bob Lewis said it is likely to result in another significant operating loss in 2008. Without giving any specifics we would anticipate that, that operating loss would be somewhere in the range of where we were in '07 to some what higher then that. As regards the decline in home price appreciation and the impact on the '05 book, the '05 book was underwritten with more conservative underwriting criteria then the '06 book in the first half of '07 book. So it should perform better although, it will experience some additional stress as property values continue to decline and we are estimating a decline or forecasting, a decline in property values of another 7% or 8% for 2008. On the line with me is Lynn Swiny [ph], our Chief Risk Officer. Lynn would you like to add any color to the '05 in the prior books?
Unidentified Company Representative: No Billy, I think you said it well. The '05 book we have about $5 billion risk in force again it is stating to see the same level of stress, it's as the more recent books, but it did enjoy some early appreciation, so again under stress, but probably not to the level of the '06 and '07 books.
Jay A. Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Actually with that distinction I was thinking more on the credit derivative business, where in the stress test, obviously you are stressing the '06, '07 year as more intensely and I am wondering in really that business why don't you do a similar stress on the '05 year?
William V. Nutt, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer, UGC: Jay I've got Kevin McGinn with us, our Chief Credit Officer. So I am going to ask Kevin just to respond on that.
Kevin B. McGinn - Vice President and Chief Credit Officer: Yes hi Jay. The rating agency is definitely and all the delinquency default data suggest that the '06 and '07 loses are going to continue to the decline and you're now seeing the estimates size in the high teens, low 20s. The '05 is definitely showing some deterioration, but the numbers are not nearly as bad and that's probably a large part, because of lot of the resets have already happened in the '05 vintages. The highest loss assumptions we are seeing in the '05 were really around 7.5. The ratings stress test that we ran essentially took that into... specifically took that into account, because we're expecting some more downgrades in the '05 vintages. We think we are in top of that and we've essentially stressed it appropriately.
Jay A. Cohen - Merrill Lynch: That's helpful, I hope if you can point about the reset too. Thank you.
William V. Nutt, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer, UGC: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: And our next question comes from line Alain Karaoglan with Banc of America Securities.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: Good morning, a couple of questions of on capital and on the property casualty business. From an enterprise risk management point of view are you considering weather you should be in the AIG financial products business at all, given the heartache that it's given to the stock and mark-to-markets on the portfolio and the volatility to the book value and from an excess capital point of view you mentioned $14.5 billion to $19 billion, but that seems to be little inconsistent with the fact that we are stopping the share repurchases. Could you... would it be possible to us the excess capital, versus what the capital requirements from the rating agency at the ratings that you would like would be, if there would be any excess capital at that level?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: But Alian on the first part of your question I said in my earlier remarks, AIGFP has been very important and continues to be a very important part of AIG. Its produced very good returns over many, many years and a very good return on capital. Obviously, like all of that, businesses everybody stays under constant review. But the business has performed exceptionally well that they were in what I have described as unchartered waters and like everybody else they'll continue to be reviewed, but at the present movement I think they add significantly to the diversification. On the second part Steve...
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: If I could follow up a just on that, but on that capital Martin isn't that a notional amount of capital that you are allocating that AIGFP wouldn't be able to operate on a standalone basis and so the return on capital are high, but they are not similar or comparable to the rest of the business?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's notional, but it's a... they are... it's also drawing on the implied guarantee of AIG. So that would when AIGFP's capital position is being reviewed by the agencies or by its clients I think they are looking at the entire financial strength of AIG. Joe.
Joseph J. Cassano - President, AIG Financial Products Corp.: Yes hi, Alain its Joe Cassano, how are you?
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: Good thank you.
Joseph J. Cassano - President, AIG Financial Products Corp.: One of the things that we've done historically, when we go through our own capital management within FP and measure the usage of capital with FP that we then, is it's basically a charge against the AIG for capital booked and when we've done that up until this period of time where we have these unrealized loses right now. We have always been a very high performer in terms of return on capital if you can think back or if you can find the files where we gave a presentation in May where we posted some of the historical return on capital; it's actually been relatively good. It is the case that right now with the unrealized losses it's a completely different story, but I wouldn't one of the things we do look at and one of the things we've been presenting over the last six months is the fundamental positive attribute of the portfolio we've written. And looking at that we really and if you look at that at that basis we think the return on capital is still very robust and when we get through this period. The company and the team will continue and will return back to the very-very positive types of returns that we've had in the past, hope that helps.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: Thanks Joe.
Unidentified Company Representative: Alain with the respect to your second question on excess capital, again the $14.5 billion to $19.5 billion range is our estimate based on our own internal economic capital modeling. It does not reflect the rating agencies views of our excess capital. They all have their own different perspective on what level of any of excess capital that we have and again I really can't speak for them. I think as we go through the process in the near term, hopefully settling our ratings which are now, as I said some on negative outlook and two on rating watch and review that we will have more of a dialog on that to see where they are relative to us. So for the time being given the fact that our ratings right now are negative outlook and in some cases on review we think it's prudent to suspend any new share repurchase activity until we have a better view on capital with all four of the major rating agencies.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: And on the property casualty business could you comment on the adverse reserve development on the 2000 to 2002 year, is that still bothering you and not the allowing the benefit of the recent year reserve releases to flow to the bottom line completely. And on the personnel line segment, if I did the math correctly, even excluding cash and adverse reserve development. I get a combined ratio of 112. Wouldn't anything additional happen in the quarter in personal lines to lead to such a high combined ratio?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Alain, Frank Douglas is here. So I'm going to ask him to respond to the first part and then Bob will respond, Bob Sandler will respond to the second part.
Frank H. Douglas - Vice President and Casualty Actuary: We've seen continued development, as we've described really all years, it's not new this quarter from acting years 2002 and prior, in general the development has been less adverse and than it was in prior years. I think if you'll look in the 10-K, you'll see that 2002 and prior has about $1 billion less adverse development, but $800 million actually less than it did last year. So it is trending down, not as fast as we'd like. It's coming largely from excess casualty to some degree form Transatlantic and to some degree from workers compensation those three areas, this we've talked about I think throughout the year. We are seeing a lot of latent claims still emerge from our excess casualty books that are function of the soft market years. And we've improved our terms and conditions and underwriting guidelines to the point where we just don't think we're going see that kind of latent development from the more recent accident years. And as those all, the year continue to wind down, we should less of those surprises. But they did happen this year. They probably won't go away tomorrow, but we are certainly expecting minimal adverse development, certainly as we go forward, we expect those numbers to diminish.
Operator: And our next question comes form Eric Berg with...
Frank H. Douglas - Vice President and Casualty Actuary: No we have a response to the second part of that question.
Operator: Pardon me.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay.
Robert M. Sandler - Executive Vice President of Domestic Personal Lines: This is Bob Sandler. Let me take you through some of the pieces. You've mentioned some of them, but not all of the pieces that distort the quarter and there is a lot of noise in the quarter. There was $75 million roughly of wildfire losses that are included in those numbers from the private claims. You've got about $33 million of integration merger integration cost coming out of the merger of AIG and 21st Century. We've got about $36 million of adverse development in the quarter. We increased our lowest pick in the quarter for the year for current accident year loss pick and that had about $50 million impact on the first three quarters of 2007. Though if you look at those pieces in total and subtract then you actually find the quarter is probably running more on the 104-105 range, if you do the math, which is not a brilliant quarter. I would just remind you that it's the... fourth quarter is typically seasonality generally affects that quarter last year for example we ran about 102 in the quarter, so we are running may be 2 to 2.5 points higher than that. And some of that is being caused by the newer business that we've been writing in 2007 to the higher proportion of our in force than in previous periods that's particularly true of the 21st Century business outside California. So that business first year business does carry higher loss ratios typically and so while the... 104-105 is not a number we aspire to. I think the underlying book is pretty strong. We still anticipate that the direct business is going to produce a pretty good underwriting profit in the year '08, and the fourth quarter we probably read in the 97-98 range on that direct book, anyway when you count for some of this.
Alain Karaoglan - Banc of America Securities: Thank you, very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks Alain.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Next question please.
Operator: And the next question comes from Eric Berg. Your line is open.
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thanks, very much I have two questions, both for Steve Bensinger. Steve with respect to this line on page 8 that culminates with the discussion of the realizable loss of $900 million, can you just...
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are breaking up there.
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: Can you here me now?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: Steve, with respect to the slide on page 8, that culminates with a realized loss under the severe stress scenario of $900 million, can you just clarify what is being expressed in the right hand side of the table, what the various percentages mean?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay yes, so I think I will let Bob and Kevin give you more color on that one, they are the architects of that stress tests.
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Well if I understand. This is Bob Lewis here. I want to understand what this means. You're talking about the severe stress criteria..
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: Yes.
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Okay, I got it. I think, that it will be useful for Kevin McGinn, our Chief Credit Officer, who has been the managing the stress scenario work that we do to describe input that stress in overall context which I think is your question.
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: Yes.
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: That we essentially stress three categories of asset, sub-prime RMBS, Alt-As and CDOs and going from the top, you will the... we essentially took all the to 2007 vintage, and anything below AAA and loaded off a 100% with no recoveries. We took... we did the same thing for the second half of '06 and for the first half of '06, we essentially took a 100% of anything A+ and below and 50% of the AA and we thought that was the appropriate stress given all the rating activity that's happened around the '06 and '07 vintages. In the '05 area, we essentially wrote-off 50% of all the second half of '05, the BBB and below. Now this is of again a lot of rating activity took place for all the way through the fourth quarter. So we think we basically captured that pretty well. We took also 100% of anything BB+ and below from the first half of 2005. We then wrote-off a 100% of all the... what we call the inner CDOs, so this would be any CDO buckets within the CDOs themselves, A+ or below regardless of vintage and regardless of type whether you are high-grade and mezzanine. And finally we took a 100% of the... we wrote-off everything A+ and below of Alt-A for '06 and '07 that basically takes you though the various categories there.
Kevin B. McGinn - Vice President and Chief Credit Officer: And again just to reemphasis Eric that those stresses were performed as static stresses, that's what that footnote says. I'll assume to result an immediate losses which they wouldn't, they would occur over time and also there is no benefit in this scenario for cash flow diversion features and other litigants that AIGFP has structured into these portfolios. So that's why we call it severe.
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: My second question Steve relates to your discussion or in connection with the negative spread or the negative basis. And I think you said, I hope I have it right when I say that you said that one can think of this negative basis as the difference between the value of a CDO, if it were uniquely a credit instrument verses the or the spread no the CDO, if it were only a credit instrument, verses the actual spread that is observed given the multiple risks on the CDO liquidity of aversion to risk and so forth. Is that what you were saying?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What I was saying, I think that's yes. I think you have got it. Let me restate it in.
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: Yes please.
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Different way. A bond has a total spread attached to it, a cash bond. That spread has various components that I outlined credit, liquidity in this market perhaps market aversion risk and others. And the difference between the total spread on the bond and just the credit spread on the bond would be the negative basis.
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: Okay so here is then is my... I think I have it right and I understand and thanks for that follow up explanation. Here is my second and final question. If you were, if the dealers were able to identify this spread differential on December 5th and you felt like it was perfectly fine to use it then, what exactly happened between December 5th and when you issued your 8-K that no longer made application of the spread differential appropriate under U.S. GAAP?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it was a matter of absorbability. As of the December 5th call, our colleagues at AIG Financial Products had indications, as I stated from market participants on different levels of negative spreads and they made a judgment regarding how those spreads that they were... that they gathered from the market were related to their book of business. At year end, I've found an exhausted review what we learnt is that in today's market which had deteriorated much more significantly that those spreads were no longer identifiable and therefore, we could not take credit for those in coming up with the fair value determination at year end.
Eric N. Berg - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, I think we probably got time for one or two more questions.
Operator: Okay, our next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Hi. Thanks for keeping call going, so long. I just also want to clarify but on the negative basis, really from the material weakness side and just... can you clarify is there is material weakness... do you have to resolve the material weakness to take credit for the negative basis. Or is the material weakness is much about procedures and that you might be able do if the market gets more robust and you can identify the negative basis in a way that Pw agrees, can you start taking that earlier in a material weaknesses result?
Steven J. Bensinger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I don't really see them connected on a perspective basis, or it's like the credit for negative basis will come about based upon market changes that will illuminate the spreads more clearly. It's not connected to the material weakness. The material weakness is surrounding resources, the additional controls and procedures we're putting in place and what I talked about earlier in terms of sustainability of those controls. So I wouldn't connect them on a perspective basis.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay. And is there anything you're doing procedurally to try to use limited information to get more clarity, or is it really just have to be patient and wait for the market structure any better?
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Well we did a lot of work around year end to see if we could, if there was market clarity and I don't think there, the opacity of the market has clarified any further since then. In fact, I think it's probably even less liquid and more opaque than it has been. So right now certainly I wouldn't say that we see that in the immediate future.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay and then you can clarify the ratings agency issues to the extent that is your sense of the concern is an overall perception of consistency of results or is it some thing very like that or they've been more specific, we're worried about the CDS losses or investments portfolio losses and I guess where I am going with this is to the extent that market seems to be most worried about the CDS, if that's really the issue. Is the possible that the rating agency concerns were more around FP and may at the corporate debt rating and less around the P&C and life and subsidiaries, maybe do you just see where I am trying to go. Why they were talking about corporate excess capital and why they were talking about possible rating, versus the P&C or life companies actually would affect your business more?
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: I think different rating agencies have different views. So I can't... it'll take too long for me to recount each of them, but some of the ratings agencies are looking more at the AIG, debt rating, some are looking more at the underlying subsidiary financial strength rating. And so I would say everything right now is under review or under outlook and we are taking all that very seriously in terms of providing all of them with as much information as we can descriptions of what we've done to try to clarify it and ensure that we can try to stabilize as soon as reasonably possible.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, just one quick numbers question, you had at the tip of you fingers, you said there was remaining repurchase that was already committed, so it is the dollar amount of what that would be coming through?
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: Yes, it's a little over $1 billion.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay,
Robert E. Lewis - Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer: After that we would have about $9 billion remaining in the current authorization that the board provided but as I... as we stated we don't intent to utilize that in the immediate future.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Right.I just wanted to clarify that thing. Okay thank you so much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks Ian.
Operator: And our last question comes from Gary Ransom with Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Gary Ransom - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Thank you. I sneaked in here. I just wanted to ask about the business of the CDO wrapping and how all this mark-to-market that has occurred is at all changing your strategy and whether there are certain parts of that business you never want to do again or want to get in to again, when times improve and just how has it changed your thought process abut the business itself?
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have Andrew Foster with us Gary, so he will respond to that.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes I think, really since we pulled out I thing the subprime sectors back at the end of '05, beginning of '06. Our focus has predominately been in the regulatory capital space and where we've continue to do business, we did an additional $39 billion of business in the fourth quarter and that's really been the focus, that's been still been a very strong sector for us. And again that's probably declining, as well with the onset of volatility [ph] that was mentioned before. So in general, it is a space that is going down in our priorities.
Gary Ransom - Fox-Pitt Kelton: And in the multi-sector and the arbitrage type deal, especially is that since that's the area where we've had these big marks, can you see a possibility in the future that you would get back in to it, would there be or would this size of a mark more or less or the potential for the size of the mark we've seen more or less permanently take you out of that marketplace?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think that marketplace in general is very much reduced anyway. I mean the new issues space there with that sort of clutch [ph] release is pretty much dead and has been for sometime and it's likely to comeback at anytime. But going forward, I think we expect a lot of... most of the losses to be reversed and we will always look at to the different opportunities that are available to us and assess them on an ongoing basis.
Gary Ransom - Fox-Pitt Kelton: All right thank you. And that speaking [ph] one little probably casualty question on loss ratio picks for current accident year. You already address that for personal lines, were there any other changes of note or significance in any of the other classes for the current year accident pick in the fourth quarter?
Frank H. Douglas - Vice President and Casualty Actuary: This is Frank Douglas. Nothing significant in the fourth quarter, what we've seen throughout the year is downward pressure from the favorable development as you know in accident years 2006, 2005 and 2004 tended to offset the rate decreases that have earned into 2007 year-end rate decrease were probably only about 5% though. So obviously, you don't have to watch that going forward, when the rate decreases may be a little bit larger. But for now the answer was very little change was needed in loss picks, virtually none.
Gary Ransom - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Alright thank you very much.
Martin J. Sullivan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Gary. Ladies and gentlemen let me apologize to those who didn't have to opportunity of asking their question. If you like to call Charlene, we will try and respond as quickly as we can. Thank you very much indeed for your patience. It's much appreciated. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's call. Please disconnect your line at this time.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-09 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Charlene Hamrah  IR   Martin Sullivan  President, CEO   Bob Lewis  SVP, Chief Risk Officer   Joe Cassano - CFO   Andy Foster - AIG   Rick Geissinger  CEO American General Finance   Bob Clyde  President AIG Japan   Kris Moor  EVP Domestic General Insurance   Nick Walsh  EVP Foreign general Insurance   Frank Douglas  SVP Casualty   Edmund Tse  Senior Vice Chairman   Billy Nutt  President, CEO of AIG United Guaranty   Chris Swift  CFO Life and Retirement Services   Jay Wintrob  EVP, Retirement Services 
Analysts: Josh Shanker - Citigroup   Andrew Kligerman - UBS   Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers   Tom Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs   William Wilt - Morgan Stanley   Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group   Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities   Mark Lane - William Blair   Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch   Charlie Gates - Credit Suisse 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I will turn today's conference over to Charlene Hamrah, Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin. 
Charlene Hamrah: Good morning and thank you for joining us this morning for our second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to point out that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans, and objectives relating to management's operations, products, and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements.  Please refer to AIG's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2007, filed yesterday with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and AIG's past and future filings with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates and the factors that may affect its business. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  The information provided today may also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the second quarter 2007 financial supplement, available in the investor information section of AIG's corporate website.  Now, I would like to turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan. 
Martin Sullivan: Thank you, Charlene and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I'm joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. Because of the uncertainty in the financial markets in recent weeks, we are going to change our normal format for this call. I will first give you a brief summary of our results and an overview of our operations, followed by a presentation on AIG's exposure to the US residential mortgage market.  As you have seen from our results, AIG had a strong second quarter, owing to our diversified global business portfolio. Major contributions to our results came from General Insurance, Life Insurance and Retirement Services, Asset Management, and Capital Markets. Partnership returns remained strong, positively affecting investment income.  Net income was $4.28 billion, a 34.1% increase over the second quarter of 2006. Second quarter adjusted net income, which excludes realized capital gains and losses and the effect of hedging activities that did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under FAS 133, was a record $4.63 billion, or $1.77 per diluted share, a 12% increase compared to $1.58 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2006.  Return on equity using adjusted net income as the measure was 19.8% for the second quarter. Total assets now exceed $1 trillion. Shareholders equity at June 30 stood at just over $104 billion, including retained earnings of some $92.3 billion. Book value per share increased to $14.44. Excluding $2.34 billion in payments advanced to purchase shares, book value was $41.34. We purchased over 22 million shares in the second quarter and an additional 24.5 million shares through August 6. That puts our year-to-date share repurchases at approximately 49 million shares or 67% of the $5 billion in repurchases planned for 2007.  Looking towards the second half of the year, we have good reason to be confident about AIG's growth prospects. Our diverse worldwide operations are well positioned to respond to opportunities that will arise from major global economic trends. At the same time, we're undertaking organizational and financial initiatives that will enhance future returns. We continue to develop our economic capital model; and last evening we posted a progress update on our website. Our businesses remain focused on their objectives, and they continue to bring new products and services to market through multiple distribution channels.  Quickly looking at our major business segments, General Insurance results were led by the Domestic Brokerage Group, which posted improved underwriting results due to favorable loss trends and higher net investment income. To offset the continued pressure on rates in certain lines and regions, our General Insurance operations are capitalizing on the opportunities offered by our broad product mix, ability to deliver unique products to market, our geographic footprint, and expanding distribution platform, while maintaining underwriting discipline.  Foreign General, which also had an excellent quarter, is accelerating growth by investing in India, Russia, the Middle East and China. Following the close of the quarter, AIU was granted a subsidiary license in China that will allow us to expand our capabilities, achieve operational and capital efficiencies, and with regulatory approval, provide a platform to establish new branches in other areas of China over time.  Domestic Personal Lines remain focused on achieving underwriting profits and extending the strong competitive position of the Private Client Group. Domestic Life Insurance impaired annuities operating income increased largely as a result of solid growth in reserves and higher net investment income. These businesses expect to see continued top-line growth through further enhancement of the product portfolio, expanded distribution, and increased demand from the institutional marketplace.  In Domestic Retirement Services, all three major product lines reported improved deposits, with operating income increasing largely as the result of higher net investment income from partnerships and other yield enhancements. Our Group Retirement division remains focused on targeted asset retention strategies. The variable annuity business continues to improve as we roll out products that provide guaranteed income for life. Despite the challenging sales environment, our long-term commitment to the fixed annuity product line and strong bank relationships has AIG Annuity well positioned to take advantage of any change in the yield curve and/or interest rate environment that favors long-term guaranteed fixed-rate savings. Foreign Life and Retirement Services results in the second quarter reflect the continued demand for investment-orientated products and sales of risk-based accident and health products throughout our global operations.  In Southeast Asia, AIA remains the leading market player, distributing our products through approximately 140,000 Thai insurance agents, while also developing alternative distribution such as our recent agreement with the Bank of Investment and Development of Vietnam. In China, we're making good progress in expanding our geographical footprint, increasing the number of sales offices by seven this quarter, giving us a total of 90, and strengthening our distribution capabilities, especially in Bancassurance where production has increased significantly. Additionally, we wrote more than 2,100 group cases in the quarter, bringing total cases written since we received our license in May 2006 to more than 5,600.  Market conditions remain challenging in Japan as a result of increased competition, the effect of additional regulatory oversight, changes to the tax deductibility of insurance premiums, and the weak yen. However, life insurance products, which have substantially higher profit margins, continue to sell well. Medical production is anticipated to improve due to the recent launch of a new product targeting a younger generation of clients.  Financial Services operating income declined compared to the second quarter of 2006 as growth at Capital Markets was offset by the decline in consumer finance results. Aircraft leasing results were up slightly as ILFC did not sell any aircraft in the second quarter of 2007 compared to three sold in the second quarter of 2006. However, the sales environment is improving. We see the current sub-prime environment as an opportunity for American General Finance despite the short-term pressures. AGF's conservative, disciplined approach to lending will position the company well for the new order in the mortgage market. Overseas, we continue to expand our consumer finance operations, with recent efforts focused on India, Mexico, and Thailand.  In Asset Management, Guaranteed Investment Contracts benefited from an increase in partnership income and the Matched Investment Program contributed to the growth in income. Despite the decline in operating income, our institutional asset management business continues to make significant strides, attracting new client assets and expanding the breadth of its product offerings. AIG Investments has successfully launched several new private equity and real estate funds in the first half of the year, which generate both a base management fee and the opportunity for future performance fees.  Now as I mentioned at the outset, I'm intentionally limiting my discussion of the quarter's operating performance and our strategic growth initiatives in order to fully address the concerns that have been raised by many in the investment community about our exposure to the U.S. residential mortgage market. This morning, we provided a document in the investor section of the AIG corporate website that summarizes the areas within AIG that include this exposure; namely United Guaranty, American General Finance, and AIG Financial Products, as well as our investment portfolio.  Bob Lewis, AIG's Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, will walk you through the information in that document. With these details, we hope that you will have a better understanding of the respective businesses and portfolios and what we believe is a well-managed risk profile. AIG's investment and credit offices monitor developments in this area very closely. We believe we are well positioned, even in the event of further deterioration in this market.  During the Q&A, Bob and my other colleagues will be available for follow-up questions. However, by addressing this issue upfront, we hope we can use the majority of the time allocated for Q&A to answer your questions on the quarter's results. 
Bob Lewis: Thank you, Martin. Over the past several weeks, the US mortgage market has been the subject of a considerable amount of press and stress, as a consequence of an increase in delinquencies in the private mortgage market, a tightening in credit availability, and the difficulties some funds have experienced in situations where high leverage and strained liquidity have forced them to realize large losses and, in some cases, cease operations. Although there are clear signs that this stress will continue for some time, much of the dialogue has suggested that there is a considerable amount of confusion about the market in general, its participants, how it functions, and where the potential for future stress is greatest.  In order to provide information to investors about our activities in the US residential mortgage market, we have prepared a slide presentation which was posted to our website earlier this morning. I would now like to walk you through that presentation; and afterwards, we will take your questions.  Referring to slide 3 of the presentation, AIG is active in many segments of the residential mortgage market from lending to mortgage insurance to investments to super senior portfolio protections. Certain segments of the market have experienced credit deterioration, which is affecting the current results in AIG's mortgage insurance business. AIG also holds residential mortgage-related securities and recognizes that the current market dislocation has caused quoted prices in many of them to decline. AIG views such declines as temporary, as the robust cash flow characteristics combined with the reasonably short maturity structure of most of these securities will exert a very strong pull to par even if markets remain unfavorable.  AIG views recent pricing as indicative of market turmoil unrelated to the fundamental financial characteristics of these securities. In addition, we believe that it would take declines in housing values to reach depression proportions, along with default frequencies never experienced, before our AAA and AA investments would be impaired. AIG does not need to liquidate any investment securities in a chaotic market due to its strong liquidity and cash flow as well as its superior financial strength.  I am confident in our people and our risk management processes. Our exposures to this market are prudent, given the nature of our business and our financial strength. AIG has the financial wherewithal and expertise to take advantage of opportunities as they arise in the future.  In all the areas where we are active, we have strong risk management processes undertaken by experienced professionals. The risks we take are analyzed based upon our own independent analyses, modeling, and monitoring. Risk tolerances and appetites are formulated and implemented within authorities allocated by senior management; and ongoing review and analysis is undertaken both in the businesses as well as at the corporate enterprise risk management level. Although the market may continue to experience a period of adjustment and volatility, our exposures are understood and well managed within an appropriate risk tolerance for a strong world leader in Insurance and Financial Services.  Turning to slide 4 of the presentation, AIG is active in several segments of the US mortgage market. Through American General Finance, we originate mortgages by extending first and second lien mortgages to borrowers. United Guaranty provides mortgage guaranty insurance for first and second lien mortgages that protects lenders against credit losses. Our insurance companies invest in residential mortgage-backed securities, or RMBS, in which the underlying collateral are pools of mortgages that are repaid from the underlying mortgage payments. We, including AIG Financial Products, invest also in collateralized debt obligations, or CDOs, and asset-backed securities, or ABS, some of which also include RMBS as collateral. Also, AIG Financial Products provides credit protection through credit default swaps on the super senior AAA-plus tranche of CDOs.  Slide 5 describes how the residential market mortgage market functions. Starting on the left-hand side of the slide, lenders provide mortgage loans to borrowers to enable them to purchase or refinance a home. The borrower provides the lender with a security interest in the home and pays mortgage principal and interest on the loan to the lender. Mortgage insurers provide mortgage insurance on certain mortgages to lenders, to protect them from certain credit losses on the mortgages. Lenders either hold the mortgages on their balance sheets or sell the mortgages for securitization. Mortgages are then placed in collateral pools with thousands of other mortgages. Dealers create special-purpose vehicles which issue residential mortgage-backed securities to the market, which may have different risk levels. The rating agencies analyze the relative priority of the risk levels in the structures and assign various credit ratings to the levels, based upon the credit quality of the underlying mortgages in the pool, the value of the collateral, and the order of priority to receive interest and principal payments.  Monoline insurers, like MBIA, Ambac et cetera, may guarantee or wrap certain tranches of RMBS and elevate their credit ratings to AAA. Dealers always create other collateralized debt obligations with various collateral pools, sometimes with a combination of asset types such as bank loans, corporate debt, RMBS, commercial mortgage-backed securities, and other asset-backed securities. Investors then invest in these securities and are repaid from the payments made by the underlying borrowers in the pools, after securitization services distribute the cash flows according to the priority of cash flows to the various risk layers.  Other credit protection providers may provide protection above the AAA tranche, known as super senior or AAA-plus protection. As mentioned earlier and shown on slide 6, American General Finance participates as a mortgage lender. United Guaranty provides mortgage insurance to many lenders. AIG Insurance companies and AIGFP invest in securitization vehicles such as RMBS, CMOs, CDOs, and ABS. And AIGFP provides super senior credit protection by writing credit default swaps on the most senior risk layers in these structures.  Turning to slide 8, American General Finance, AGF, is AIG's domestic consumer finance division. AGF is a portfolio-based lender whose products include real estate, non-real estate, and retail sales finance loans. It originates real estate loans through its 1,500 branches in 45 states, Puerto Rico, and the US Virgin Islands. AGF also originates and acquires loans through a centralized real estate operation. AGF underwrites and prices its products to perform within target ranges for delinquency and net charge-offs. Their disciplined lending approach includes a state-of-the-art credit risk management system that allows them to track more than 350 individual real estate markets. This credit-focused approach enabled AGF to anticipate and mitigate much of the risk inherent in today's mortgage market.  Unlike many industry players, AGF did not relax underwriting standards when the market overheated in late 2005 and 2006. During that time, AGF continued its disciplined underwriting, which has resulted higher-quality loans, strong first lien and fixed-rate mortgages, and no negative amortization products.  As demonstrated on slide 9, the trend in AGF's real estate receivable growth significantly slowed beginning in the third quarter of '05. This shows that AGF anticipated some of the real estate market issues and sacrificed short-term growth for long-term credit quality and earnings stability. On slide 10, although delinquency and losses are somewhat higher than last year's all-time lows, AGF's credit quality remains strong and is substantially better than its target ranges. Since the market downturn in 2005, real estate 60-plus day delinquency has risen only 43 basis points to 1.95%; and net charge-offs remain extremely low at 37 basis points, less than half of our target range.  On slide 11, we present detailed data on AGF's real estate portfolio, showing a breakdown by FICO score range, vintage, and other factors. Of the total $19.2 billion portfolio, over 50% of the mortgage borrowers have a FICO score greater than or equal to 660 at origination. Borrowers with a FICO score of 620 to 659 represent 17% of the portfolio. Borrowers with a FICO of less than 620 represent 31% of the portfolio. Further delineation of the portfolio shows that the loan-to-value is more conservative as the FICO score declines, strengthening to 75% at the below-620 range.  As the real estate market softened in late '05, AGF made a conscious decision to slow growth and maintain its consistent underwriting standards, as shown by the tracking of loans produced in '05 to early '07. AGF's loans with LTVs greater than 95.5% represents 19% of the portfolio, but they have performed well, with a low 60-plus day delinquency of 1.53%; and only $548 million of these loans have a FICO below 660. Low documentation loans, which make up 2.6% of the portfolio, have also performed well, with a delinquency of just 2.3%. AGF's interest-only loans have a low delinquency of only 1.7%. They include just $299 million of loans with a FICO below 660 or 1.6% of the total real estate portfolio.  As previously highlighted and outlined on slide 12, AGF's conservative lending approach has differentiated them from many of the mortgage players. AGF has mitigated risk by requiring full income verification on almost its entire real estate book, in addition to having 85% of the portfolio as fixed-rate mortgages. Only 11% of the overall real estate loan portfolio is due to reset by year-end 2008. Furthermore, AGF does not delegate underwriting on purchased loans to unrelated parties; has not made option adjustable-rate mortgages or ARMs; and has not made loans to LTVs above 100%. AGF tracks and adjusts underwriting standards monthly or quarterly.  In summary, AGF has a history of strong risk management and successfully anticipated the risk in today's mortgage market by adhering to disciplined underwriting standards. Although the credit quality of AGF's mortgages can be affected by general economic conditions, AGF has a dedicated focus on performing within charge-off and delinquency ranges, and will continue to exercise prudent risk management.  Moving on to AIG's mortgage insurance subsidiary, United Guaranty, on slide 14, UGC has been insuring high credit quality, high LTV loans since 1963. Products include mortgage guaranty insurance on first and second lien mortgages which protect lenders against credit losses. AGF sources its business from major US lenders and, as a key component of its diversification strategy, currently provides first loss credit protection in 13 international markets.  In order to maintain these long-standing relationships, UGC insures a wide variety of mortgage products. UGC has experienced an average 10-year loss ratio through 2006 of 27% in its first lien business, but recent exposure to some higher risk products has negatively affected short-term results. UGC's sophisticated default and pricing models and predictive real estate scoring systems enable UGC to manage its risk and product mix over the long-term cycles of the business.  The graph on slide 15 shows that UGC's primary first lien delinquency rate is consistently below that of the mortgage insurance industry. This first lien business constitutes 90% of UGC's net domestic mortgage risk in-force. Although the difference has varied over time and has narrowed to 70 basis points in recent months, UGC has historically outperformed the industry. This performance is driven in part by UGC's decision not to participate in significant volumes of bulk mortgage insurance, most of which was in the high-risk segment of the market.  As shown on the portfolio mix slide on page 16, 90% of UGC's $25.9 billion of domestic mortgage risk in-force consisted of first mortgage risk, while the second mortgage business represents 10%. Total delinquency on the first mortgage book is 3.8%. Loans with FICO scores less than 620 constitute 8.5% of UGC's domestic mortgage risk. Almost 70% of their net risk in-force has FICO scores greater than 660.  Given the recent growth in US mortgage originations and the rapid runoff of older books fueled by historically low interest rates, 62% of UGC's risk in-force is from book years 2005 through early 2007. UGC has slightly over 16% of its risk in low documentation loans. You can see from the chart that as the credit risk increases, measured by FICO score, the concentration in limited documentation decreases, with only $100 million of risk in loans to borrowers with FICO scores less than 620. The same can be said for option ARMs and interest-only products. The $2.3 billion of risk in these two products represent 9% of UGC's total risk in-force. Exposure to borrowers with FICO scores less than 620 represent a mere $61 million or 0.2% or UGC's total risk.  The chart on slide 17 shows that second liens comprise only 10% of UGC's domestic mortgage risk in-force. Nonetheless, they are producing 58% of the second quarter 2007 losses incurred, and are disproportionate to the total domestic mortgage insurance book. Although the softening of the housing market has affected all segments of the business, high LTV second lien product is particularly sensitive to home price declines. Second liens default earlier due to the lack of a foreclosure requirement for claims to be paid, as compared to first lien mortgages that may take 12 to 18 months to go from delinquency to claim. As a result of this accelerated claim paying process, these losses are expected to work through the portfolio much faster. Significant tightening of product and program eligibility in 2006 for second lien business is resulting in improved credit quality and new business production.  There are a number of risk-mitigating factors described on slide 18. In light of the cyclical nature of the mortgage insurance business, UGC employs risk-sharing arrangements via captive reinsurance with most of its major lending customers. It purchases quota share reinsurance on portions of its sub-prime first lien business and segments of its second lien product. It has an aggregate stop-loss provision of generally 10% on its second mortgage product. UGC maintains an exclusion for fraud on both its first and second lien business.  Insuring primarily prime, high FICO score loans within a highly diverse book geographically, UGC's largest business remains its first lien fixed-rate mortgage insurance for single-family, owner-occupied residences. Financial performance of UGC may remain under pressure because of current market conditions but tighter underwriting standards by lenders as well as elimination of certain of risk factors by UGC will improve credit quality of new business production. Moreover, current market conditions have reinforced the benefit of mortgage insurance, resulting in higher volume and improved pricing for UGC.  Turning on to AIG's Insurance investment portfolios on slide 20, our Insurance companies invest in the residential mortgage market across most security types, including agency pass-through and collateralized mortgage obligations issuances, prime jumbo non-agency CMOs, Alt-A and sub-prime RMBS, and other housing-related paper. Total Insurance company holdings aggregate approximately $94.6 billion at June 30, 2007, or about 11.4% of AIG's cash and invested assets, which is considerably underweight the overall bond market concentration in mortgage-related securities of about 28%. About 83% or $78.5 billion represents non-agency securities and are concentrated in the highest rate tranches, with about 89% AAA rated and an additional 8% rated AA. Holdings related BBB or below total approximately $400 million, well under 1% of the portfolio and less than 0.1% of cash and invested assets. About 10% of the $78.5 billion is also wrapped by monoline insurance.  Non-agency RMBS is issued in tranche structures such that the lower rated tranches absorb any losses on the underlying collateral and insulate the higher rated tranches from loss. The sizing of the different tranches varies somewhat depending on the nature of the collateral and rating agency models and analysis. As a general rule, AAA and AA securities can withstand very significant default losses within the collateral.  Slide 21 presents a schematic showing the breakdown of our Insurance companies' $28.7 billion in investments in sub-prime RMBS. Residential mortgage-backed securities are structured with a pool of collateral of thousands of mortgages. The securities are divided into tranches, with different claims on the waterfall of cash flows emanating from the borrowers' principal and interest payments on the underlying mortgages. The AAA tranche has the first priority claim on these cash flows; followed by the AA tranche; the A tranche; down to the lowest equity-related tranche. AIG's investments are made up primarily of AAA and AA tranches, representing together over 97% of our exposure. Virtually all of our exposure is investment grade, with a further 2.4% in single-A and BBB tranches.  Slide 22 shows the breakdown of our exposure by issuance year or vintage and by credit rating. As mentioned on the previous slide, AIG focuses almost exclusively on AAA and AA rated investments. The large portion of exposure to the '05, '06, and '07 vintages, 98.3% including 45.7% in the '06 vintage, is the result of our investing primarily in the shorter maturities of this asset class. The weighted average life of the portfolio is 3.35 years. Therefore, earlier vintages have already substantially paid down. Our decision to purchase the shorter maturity tranches is a result of both the need to match the duration of our liabilities in the book and our conservative credit risk appetite.  Turning to slide 23, from a credit prospectus AIG views the AAA and AA RMBS market as a very safe asset class with minimal risk of ultimate loss. First, the underlying mortgages have to be of high quality, with LTVs averaging around 80%. AIG's underwriting approach is to avoid the higher risk 80/20 or so-called piggyback loans and option adjustable-rate mortgages.  Second, the securities are structured in a way as to provide significant subordination cushion to absorb a certain amount of losses at the lower-level, higher-risk tranches. For example, the loss cushion between the AAA tranche is generally 20% to 25% at inception and for the AA tranche the cushion is approximately 18%. In addition, the majority AIG's RMBS holdings are structured to pay down early as the underlying mortgages amortize. As a result, the subordination cushion generally increases over time.  An additional structural enhancement is the amount of excess interest held that could be used to absorb losses. In a typical sub-prime capital structure, this excess interest is approximately 2% per annum.  Finally, in some cases, AIG uses third-party mortgage insurance to provide additional capital recovery and obtains monoline insurance wraps on approximately $2 billion of its sub-prime portfolio.  As described on slide 24, clearly the strength in our portfolio is also an indicator of the organizations with which we do business. The originator and servicers of the mortgage pools are generally those organizations with strong financial discipline. AIG generally targets shorter-term sub-prime securities. In addition to the structural enhancements contained in our RMBS holdings, AIG receives additional comfort from a number of other key factors:  AIG's RMBS portfolio is highly diversified in terms of location, tenor, and size, as reflected in the thousands of underlying mortgages in the pools. The underlying collateral is closely monitored by AIG, by the respective collateral managers, as well as by the rating agencies. Over the past few months, a number of institutions have faltered because of their problems with their residential mortgage portfolios. The rating agencies have indicated that the 2006 vintage might incur losses of between 11% and 14%, approximately twice the high of 6.5% incurred in the year 2000. Assuming the high end of the range, this would still be substantially below the cushions afforded to the AAA and AA tranches of approximately 25% and 18% respectively.  To put these subordination cushions into context, assuming a Depression scenario, when housing prices could decline dramatically, say in the 30% to 40% range, there would have to be defaults by the borrowers in these pools approaching 45% to 60% to start to affect the AAA and AA tranches. In the 2000 vintage, defaults reached 20%, resulting in the 6.5% loss experience.  Our insurance companies also invest in collateralized debt obligations containing sub-prime mortgage collateral. Slide 25 shows that the holdings of sub-prime-related CDO paper in AIG insurance portfolios are modest at $253 million. They are secured by AAA and AA underlying collateral and are currently performing in accordance with AIG's underwriting expectations. AIG does not anticipate losses on its CDO holdings.  Turning to slide 26, within alternative investments AIG has no direct private equity investments exposed to the residential mortgage market, nor do we have any knowledge of any indirect exposures through our private equity investments. Finally, we do not have any investments in hedge funds focused on the residential mortgage market.  On slide 28, we begin our discussion of the activities of AIG Financial Products and the residential mortgage industry. AIGFP's exposure to the market is derived through two sources. First, they write extremely risk-remote super senior or AAA-plus credit protection on highly-diversified pools of assets, some of which include residential mortgages. Second, they are cash investors in highly-rated securities where some portion of the underlying collateral, which may include collateral from many sectors, includes residential mortgages. While both of these activities involve significant notional exposure, the risk actually undertaken is very modest and remote, and has been structured and managed effectively.  AIGFP has been running a successful business of writing super senior credit default swap, or CDS protection, since 1998. As of June 30 this year, they had a total net CDS exposure across all asset classes of $465 billion. The super senior portion is the least likely to incur any losses in these deals, since losses are allocated on a sequential basis from lowest to highest quality. Before AIGFP would be at risk for its first dollar of loss, these structures would have to experience exceptional losses that eroded all of the tranches below the super senior level, including a very significant AAA layer of protection.  AIGFP's entire super senior book covers many different classes, with the bulk of it in corporate loans totaling $258 billion. It also includes $128 billion of exposure to prime mortgages, none of which represent US residential exposure. The balance of $79 billion relates to multi-sector CDOs that FP helped to structure. These multi-sector CDOs consist of very diverse pools of reference securities, some of which are exposed to US sub-prime RMBS collateral. Of this $79 billion, $15 billion has no US sub-prime RMBS exposure, and $64 billion has some collateral that represents US sub-prime RMBS exposure. We're going to focus on this segment of the portfolio in this section of the presentation.  The multi-sector CDOs on which FP provides super senior protection are extremely granular, with typically 175 to 200 different underlying rated obligations in the collateral pool. In those deals that do have some sub-prime RMBS exposure, the percentage is typically 50% or less. The collateral pool is usually made up of other collateral such as auto loans, credit card receivables, CMBS, or other assets. In all cases, every transaction AIGFP has conducted has been carefully structured and screened as to collateral, manager, and structure to ensure that AIG continues to receive the maximum protection to its position.  Continuing on slide 29, the $64 billion of super senior CDO exposure that has some degree of US sub-prime collateral is split among 103 different deals. 45 of these deals, totaling $45 billion of net exposure, consist of multi-sector collateral defined as high grade and being predominantly AAA and AA by virtue of a subordination embedded in each individual underlying security. The average attachment point in these deals is well in excess of the regular AAA attachment point. On average, it is around 16%, with a large part of the subordination, 44% on average, being itself AAA. Our notional net exposure to all of the highly-rated sub-prime collateral after deductible subordination is $17.5 billion.  The remaining $19.4 billion of net super senior exposure is spread across 58 deals where the multi-sector collateral is predominantly mezzanine, such as BBB securities, again by virtue of its subordination in each and every individual obligation. The attachment point on these deals is structured to be significantly out of the money, at an average of 36%. Again, a large percentage of the total subordination, 30% on average, is itself AAA. Our notional net exposure to all of the sub-prime collateral in these deals, after accounting for the high amounts of subordination, is $8.8 billion.  Given the diligence employed in selecting and structuring these deals, none of the AIGFP deals have experienced any significant collateral deterioration. There are only three deals out of the entire 103 multi-sector CDOs transactions that have experienced any negative rating actions on any tranches subordinate to AIGFP's position. These three deals are rapidly amortizing and make up less than 0.5% of our CDO exposure, totaling just $296 million.  Turning to slide 30, with super senior protection we're talking about a very remote risk, which is defined and calculated not just by rating agency models, but also by our own very rigorous internal models used on each deal AIGFP structures. FP underwrites protection on super senior tranches of portfolios based on simulating the loss distribution of the underlying securities over the life of the transaction. The simulation is conducted on a security-by-security basis, with different security types treated differently with respect to, for example, recovery rates. The determination of the attachment point for the most senior layer, the super senior tranche, is based on the assumption that the exposure to the portfolio will occur during a severe recession until the maturity of the transaction. A super senior tranche must show zero losses 99.85% of the time in this severe recession scenario.  Prior to the simulation, a portfolio must pass several layers of scrutiny. First, we conduct due diligence on the originator of the portfolio, focusing on the underwriting process. Second, the transaction must be structured so as to afford AIG the maximum protections to be acceptable. Third, the portfolio must meet various diversification criteria. For example, different asset categories in a portfolio cannot exceed certain concentration limits. Geographical diversification is also important. Fourth, each underlying security is subject to scrutiny by AIGFP credit officers and treated as stressed or less creditworthy in the simulation. Finally, the risk analysis and underwriting for each individual transaction must be approved by the credit trading team, the AIGFP credit officers, and then finally by AIG's credit risk committee.  All of AIGFP's deals are subjected to an exceptional degree of due diligence both at the inception of the deal and on a daily basis going forward. It is this due diligence that led FP to dramatically scale back their operations in this sector at the end of 2005, due to growing concerns about both the increasing percentages of US sub-prime RMBS exposure in the CDOs and the quality of some of the underlying collateral. As a result, they withdrew from making any further commitments to providing super senior protection on any deals that had US sub-prime RMBS collateral, as they felt the new production was of a significantly poorer quality. Accordingly, their exposure to the more risky vintages of '06 and '07 are minimal. It is also the case that because AIGFP's exposure is always at the very top of the payment waterfall, over half their transactions have started to amortize; and hence, the exposure is currently being reduced.  As outlined on slide 31, the $3.6 billion of multi-sector cash CDO securities, the second source of US residential mortgage exposure at AIGFP, is virtually all AAA rated. Further, the total exposure to all sub-prime collateral originated in '06 and '07 is only $10 million.  Turning to slide 34, AIG has a strong enterprise risk management process where risks to the mortgage market are identified, assessed, analyzed, monitored, and managed at all levels of its organization. All business units involved in the mortgage markets have credit functions and carry out underwriting practices that utilize their own analysis and conclusions prior to inception of risk exposures, as well as on an ongoing basis. The foundation of AIG's decision-making process is based on this independent analysis. The fundamental analysis by the rating agencies is an important component of our analysis.  However, their ratings do not drive our decisions. Decisions are made under credit authorities granted by AIG's corporate level credit risk committee or CRC. The CRC also reviews and governs credit risk tolerances for the business units. AIG's corporate credit risk management department and the credit risk committee conduct regular reviews of the portfolios and provide independent assessments to senior management. AIG establishes prudent credit reserves for all its exposures through a process that includes recommendations from the business units and approval by AIG actuaries, controllers and AIG's chief credit officers.  In conclusion, I will repeat what I said earlier. As Chief Risk Officer of AIG, I am confident in our people and our risk assessment processes. Our exposures to this market are prudent given the nature of our businesses and our financial strength. 
Martin Sullivan: Thank you very much, Bob. Ladies and gentlemen, Bob has described in detail for you AIG's presence in the US residential mortgage industry and our exposures to the sub-prime segment of the market. As he has discussed, AGF's businesses are performing better than delinquency and net charge-off target ranges. Disciplined underwriting based on over 50 years of experience in the sub-prime market is serving the company well. As a broad player in this cyclical market, in a cyclical market UGC has experienced a low domestic mortgage loss ratio over the past ten years.  UGC is currently experiencing a significant decline in operating income due primarily to unfavorable loss experience in its domestic second and first lien mortgage businesses as a result of the continued softening in the US housing market. However, UGC is beginning to observe tighter underwriting standards on new business production within the mortgage market.  Exposures to the residential mortgage-backed securities market within AIG's insurance investment portfolios are of a high quality and enjoy substantial protection through collateral subordination. AIG does not need to trade mortgage-related securities and does not depend on them for its liquidity needs. Temporary market disruptions may have some non-economic effect on AIG through unrealized losses. However, the sound credit quality of the portfolios should result in collection of substantially all principal and interest under any reasonable scenario.  AIG's Financial Products portfolio of super senior credit default swaps is well structured; undergoes ongoing monitoring, modeling, and analysis; and enjoy significant protection from collateral subordination. Certainly, we will be following this market closely during this period of volatility and correction, and we will continue to manage these risks carefully. However, in every period of uncertainty there is also opportunity. Given the high quality of our investments and our superior financial strength, AIG is poised to take advantage of these opportunities as they arise.  As I said, with all the uncertainty, recent volatility, and on some occasions even panic in the market, hopefully we have demonstrated that with our superior financial strength, liquidity, and cash flow, why we believe AIG is a very safe haven in stormy times, and while I remain extremely confident about our future.  Now, ladies and gentlemen, we will be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: Your first question comes from Josh Shanker - Citigroup. 
Josh Shanker - Citigroup: I hate to start off with a question on the mortgage space, but I'm sure I'm not the only one. My first question regards AIG Financial Products. I am trying to understand if there has been any slowing of business generation, as there might be less buyers for the less subordinated tranches?  Has AIG corporate been a purchaser of any of the less subordinated tranches from AIG Financial Products?  The third question is, given some of the ratios that we have seen for 2Q '07, which actually have looked pretty good in American General, should we be concerned about what 3Q '07's ratios are going to be looking like? 
Martin Sullivan: Josh, we have Joe Cassano on the line. So Joe, would you like to respond to the first part? 
Joe Cassano: Actually Josh, I've also got Andy Foster with me, who trades our credit business here in the UK. Why don't we answer it together? Andy, why don't you give Josh a response to what we see going on in the market now? 
Andy Foster: Well in terms of whether we are going to be slowing down our business, as Bob outlined, the CDOs and writing protection on those, that basically stopped completely back at the end of 2005, when we stopped taking sub-prime as collateral, given the increasing percentage in all the CDOs, that meant that we actually were effectively ruled out of that market. So yes, that part of our business is effectively stopped. 
Joe Cassano: Josh, just to add further to that, obviously with the last four weeks of market volatility here, we are not seeing new portfolios of other assets to write, right now. So there has been a bit of a slowdown in the flow within the credit business. As you know, the Financial Products platform is fairly diverse, and we still see good flows in our equity business, our commodities business, our currencies and rates businesses. 
Josh Shanker - Citigroup: In terms of the past pre-2005, was AIG corporate a buyer of any of the less subordinated tranches? 
Joe Cassano: If it did happen, it happened coincidentally and it may have been very small. We dont work in a coordinated fashion with the parent in terms of the super senior portfolios that we have been writing protection on. If it happened, it has to be a de minimus one-off kind of thing. I can't imagine that there is much of it that has gone on. 
Josh Shanker - Citigroup: The American General question about ratios in 3Q '07? 
Martin Sullivan: Rick Geissinger is here, so he can answer that. 
Rick Geissinger: Our credit quality statistics for the end of the second quarter are strong, as Bob mentioned. We set target ranges back in 1996, and we are well below those for delinquency. The target range was 3% to 4%. Charge-off range was 0.75% to 1.25%. But we are well below those target ranges within which we can operate the business at a 15% after-tax ROE or better.  If you look at historical seasonality, delinquency and charge-offs get a little worse every year in the third and fourth quarter. So you can expect to see those numbers be a little bit higher. We do have July results, and the change in delinquency and charge-offs is slightly up, but de minimus. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kligerman - UBS. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Good morning. First question, partnership income, it was phenomenally strong this quarter. Could you give a little color on, at this point in time, how the performance would be if the quarter stopped right now? 
Rick Geissinger: I think it would be a little difficult to tell you exactly what it would look like if the quarter stopped right now. I think we have said repeatedly that we expect our partnership portfolio, including our hedge fund portfolio, to yield somewhere between 10% and 15% a quarter on a long-term basis. We have been significantly north of that for, I believe, the last six quarters. The last five quarters anyway. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Do you think they would be down materially from that target range? 
Rick Geissinger: No, I really can't give you a number at this point. 
Martin Sullivan: We have said, Andrew, at many times, that our anticipated range is between 10% and 15%. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: I know that, I am just kind of curious because it has been a rocky quarter. But I will move on. Japan, could I get an update on the regulatory environment that was mentioned in the press release, and how that might affect the Japan sales going forward? 
Martin Sullivan: Absolutely. In fact, Bob Clyde is on the line from Tokyo. So, Bob, could you respond to Andrew? 
Bob Clyde: The regulatory environment is still pretty strict, as you know. The claims reviews that we have been going through have been public information and that has put a little bit of pressure, I think, on sales for the industry. This is an industrywide issue. In first quarter, the FSA undertook an industrywide claims review covering claims for the periods of 2001 to 2005; and required us to submit our results to the FSA on April 13. At the first quarter, we reserved for our best estimate exposure for additional claims resulting from this review and subsequent follow-up with our claimants. We have had charges, as you know, for additional claims and reserves in the second quarter. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: The Japan sales, are they going to tick up again now? Are they ready to move north? Or do you still think there will still be pressure for a while? 
Bob Clyde: We expect the second half to be better than the first half by a few percentage points, frankly. We anticipate that on June 25 ALICO Japan launched a new premium medical product called Returns which has been well received by our agency force and also direct marketing. Direct marketing premiums will take some time to be realized, but the initial response rate to our TV advertising has been good. In addition, ALICO has launched a revitalization plan for agency with renewed emphasis on medical sales. Edison Life has seen increased interest in its cancer products. Star Life continues to produce strong medical sales, as it expands its agency and branch channels.  Furthermore, while we continue to rationalize our marketing spend in ALICO Japan over this past year and that has had a dampening effect on sales. It is clearly improving our profitability, which will help drive the bottom line, I think, going forward. 
Andrew Kligerman - UBS: Lastly, you mentioned that you had strong commercial property, commercial liability rates or results. It was a little weaker in excess casualty and D&O. Could you give us just a sense of the rates, where they are going, and some kind of a range right now? 
Martin Sullivan: Sure, I will give you an overview, Andrew, and then I will ask Kris and Nick to respond between Domestic and International. As we mentioned on our first-quarter call, we saw an uptick in competition in April. That continued somewhat through the quarter. Rates domestically were down 7% to 10%; internationally in the 10% range. But I would say that, again, we saw a further uptick in competition in the month of July.  Overall, terms and conditions are still holding reasonably well, particularly outside of the US. But we are seeing some pressure on deductibles. It is not a significant change, but it is a little difference in scenario. But let me just hand over to Kris to add some more color there. 
Kris Moor: Yes, further on the D&O rates, they were down for the quarter about 10% to 15% and on excess liability down about 8% to 10%. As Martin said, July was a little tougher month. It was the first time our overall portfolio in property actually went to negative rates, down a few points. So I think the third quarter is heating up a little bit more than the second quarter. 
Nick Walsh: On the foreign side, our plan called for about a 5% decline, and we're running about 10%, as Martin said. But remember that half of foreign gen is consumer business rather than commercial, so the effect of the cycle is different. The effect is different across product and region. In general, property pricing is probably under the most competitive pressure; and terms are being negotiated but the principal markets are withstanding those. On the casualty side, pricing is reasonably flat but there is pressure on terms as far as deductibles are concerned. In financial lines, particularly management liability or D&O, the effect on major cap in Australia and the UK is quite competitive. There is broadening of coverage in Europe. That is much more a function of the sophistication of the development of the market rather than effect on capacity. 
Martin Sullivan: I would just add, Andrew, that the one market that is very competitive at the moment is the aviation market. It just seems to get more competitive every single day. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers. 
 Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers : First, on an overall basis on the investment portfolio, can you walk us through the accounting treatment of when AIG may need to take mark-to-market adjustments in the investment portfolio because of the sub-prime issue? If you could sort of quantify that quarter-to-date, that would be helpful. 
Bob Lewis: Normally, we would take a mark-to-market if one of two things were true. One, obviously, if we sold the securities; actually there are three things. Two, if we had an intention to sell the securities. Or three, there is a technical provision of the accounting rules called EITF 9920, which generally would apply to only the lower-rated tranches, but which might require a mark-to-market in effect if the anticipated cash flows on a given security were to change in a manner that was deemed to be adverse to the holder. At this point, it is really either sale or intent to sell, and we don't see either of those being a likelihood on this portfolio. 
 Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers : So just to follow-up on that, since there is no expected material deterioration on the cash flow trends in the residential mortgage-backed or the rest of the portfolio, you would not anticipate a downward mark-to-market in the investment portfolio at this point? 
Bob Lewis: Not on any general basis, I mean, we do have small pieces of the lower-rated pieces, and some of those might need to be looked at. 
 Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers : But nothing for the AA or AAA which is the vast majority of the portfolio? 
Bob Lewis: No. 
 Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers : On page 67 of the supplement, you disclosed in the mortgage-backed securities the non-agency Alt-A and the second liens. Can you give the vintage years for those, or just the '06 and '07? 
Bob Lewis: Yes. I might mention the second lien is almost all wrapped by monolines as well. 
 Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers : So that is all wrapped with the AAA? 
Bob Lewis: Almost all, not all; essentially all. On the second lien is about half 2007 and half earlier. That is all very short paper. On the Alt-A by vintage, the total 2007 is about 14%; 2006 is about 43%; 2005 is 31%; earlier is about 12%. 
 Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers : Then on the property casualty side, there continued to be some adverse development in the 2000 year and prior. I was just wondering if you could give us a little more color on that and when perhaps you see that trend easing. 
Frank Douglas: Yes, we highlighted that again this quarter. It was a little bit heavier than the first quarter, the development, from actually years 2002 and prior. I believe you said 2000 and prior. Excess casualty was about $140 million of that this quarter and about $110 million came from Transatlantic. Most of that, by the way, was also excess casualty.  What it largely relates to are latent type of claims, a lot of which wouldn't really hit us today given the changes that have occurred since the soft market. For example, some of the large losses relate to pharmaceuticals, or construction defects, or product aggregates where we're dropping down from an excess attachment to pick up primary claims that have exceeded an underlying aggregate. Our current policy forms and underwriting guidelines would actually eliminate a lot of those claims. So we do think the exposure we have for accident years after 2002 to those kinds of claims is going to be dramatically less.  As to when they may stop, these claims are not going to go away next quarter. They are latent. The nature of claims such as product aggregates are very hard to predict. They don't follow a normal loss development pattern, because you don't have any claim at all until the underlying aggregate is eroded. So it's hard to say exactly when they are going to disappear. But we are many years now removed from the soft cycle and we do expect them to diminish each year as we go forward. This was an adverse quarter. I don't think this quarter should be regarded as the ongoing expectation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs. 
 Tom Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Bob, in your presentation, you describe some disaster scenarios for your mortgage portfolio. However, on the CDOs, you are wrapping in financial products. Can you give us a sensitivity analysis or perhaps go into a little bit more detail of what could really cause losses to emerge on some of these CDOs? What kind of economic conditions would we have to have? 
Bob Lewis: Well, I guess the short answer, Tom, is an extreme economic event. As I mentioned in my presentation, AIGFP does a considerable amount of modeling on stress scenarios to first determine where the attachment point would be on the writing of a super senior cover. So that modeling that is undertaken is intended to stress the underlying values of the collateral pool, which is a diversified portfolio of CDOs, and distress that under extreme economic conditions and after that, to determine that their attachment point would be above that of an extreme condition in the marketplace. Joe Cassano, you might want to add some color on that. 
Joe Cassano: One of the other things you have to look at in those CDO pools, along with what Bob said, the way we model it is we're looking at a continuous recessionary cycle that lasts for what we anticipate to be the life of the underlying CDO security that we are wrapping. So there is a fairly extensive severe recession that needs to go on. But the other thing is the granularity and the diversity within the underlying CDOs; and then the collateralization that takes effect within those CDOs. Maybe, Andy, you want to talk a little bit to that. 
Andy Foster: Absolutely. Obviously, all the pools are extremely diverse. I think in terms of the direct answer to your question as to what could they sustain, I think if you look back a few slides earlier, when Bob was outlining sort of the loss scenarios and the stresses that the underlying securities can take when we were looking at the AIG investment portfolio. Don't forget, obviously, within the CDOs, you've got subordination upon subordination. So you need the scenario where you're eating through into the sort of AA, AAA type underlying securities. Then even if you did manage to have that scenario, obviously all our CDOs then have additional subordination on top of that. So you would have to eat through that, and then eat through the additional subordination.  So what we are modeling is the sort of disastrous type scenario. And even in those cases, our CDOs are not blowing up for the reason that we are modeling these and our VARs at this 99.85 percentile. 
Joe Cassano: It is hard to get this message across but these are very much handpicked. We are very much involved in the process of developing the portfolios in which we are going to wrap, and then picking the attachment points. People have been willing to work with us in order to do that, to create the value that they do in these underlying. So the combination of the diversity, the combination of the underlying credit quality, and then the stresses that we put it through to make sure that we can hit these marks it is hard for us with, and without being flippant, to even see a scenario within any kind of realm of reason that would see us losing $1 in any of those transactions. 
 Tom Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: No, I agree with you, I tend to think that this market is overreacting; anyway, that is a separate point. 
Martin Sullivan: That's why I am sleeping a little bit easier at night, Tom. 
 Tom Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Joe, did you get involved with any CDO squared at all? 
Joe Cassano: It is one of those markets that we never got comfortable with, Tom. It has been around for a long time and it is just something that doesn't; you know, there are people that do and I don't want to criticize it too much. It is just a place where we couldn't get comfortable with the risk involved. 
Andy Foster: Exactly, we have always had this desire and need to be able to look through to all of the underlying obligors and be able to stress those and pick and very selectively choose the obligors that are going to go into our CDOs. So when you get into the CDO squared product, that is actually much harder to do. So we shied away from that and didn't do any deals where it was CDO squared. 
 Tom Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Then on the BBBs, I guess that it has been an area that has been of concern, and that maybe 60% coverage might not be enough on these. How should we look at that? Is there something there that we need to worry about? Or are you really comfortable that you have handpicked through these as well? 
Andy Foster: Absolutely, we handpick them. So we are extremely comfortable. The diligence that we did in all of our portfolios was across all of them. Perhaps to give you an illustration, if you look at the rash of downgrades that you have seen across all the different collateral in all the different sectors, of our existing CDOs, it is less than 0.5% of all the underlying collateral that is currently on review for a downgrade. You think how many of these have had that sort of negative watch listing.  Also, I think one of the key points to take away is definitely that we stopped this business at the end of 2005. Most of the stresses that people are sort of really concerned about, I think, are very heavily concentrated in '06 and '07. We have almost zero exposure to that. Again, as Bob outlined in the slide, there is almost zero exposure, net exposure after our subordination, to all of that collateral, assuming it was all wiped out tomorrow with zero recovery. We have an extremely small amount of that. Again, it is not just the portfolio construction; it is the structure of the CDOs; and then it is the vintage that we have decided to invest in. 
 Tom Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: I understand that ALICO recently won a partnership with the Japan Post. I was just wondering how we should look at on a go-forward basis on what that may do for Japan production. 
Martin Sullivan: We are in ongoing dialogue with Japan Post on a number of opportunities. We would be in advance of ourselves in giving any color at this moment in time because, as you know, it is going to take a period of time for the post office to privatize in its current form. We are working with them in a number of initiatives. So actually, when something more concrete is available, we would be happy to disclose that. 
 Tom Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: I assume that would be more of an '08 event, as opposed to '07? 
Martin Sullivan: Well, I think the privatization is going to take a number of years, so it is certainly forward-looking. 
Operator: Your next question comes from William Wilt - Morgan Stanley. 
 William Wilt - Morgan Stanley : Good morning. I will stick with the same theme, Foreign Life. Looking at Asia, Foreign Life in Asia, operating income down about 4%. It looked like it all came or most of that came from Life Insurance down about 8% operating income. Deposits under considerations was up nicely, was moderately positive, so I wanted to see if there was some color that could be provided there. 
Martin Sullivan: Certainly. We have got Edmund with us this morning, so Edmund? 
Edmund Tse: Good morning, William. Those numbers, really they are somewhat misleading, certainly based on the second quarter. Because this is comparing to last year the same quarter, last year there was a one-off item or adjustment of certain investment income which was $144 million. If you normalize that, the current quarter's operating income for Foreign Life, it's from 3.7% up to 14.3%. Same applies then if you take the Life itself because applying this income more applying just to the life insurance. If you normalize it then we would have a double-digit operating income increase. 
 William Wilt - Morgan Stanley : On the second lien mortgage insurance at United Guaranty, there was a reference in the presentation to stop loss reinsurance. Maybe a quick recap of how that works. I thought it was 10% of the notional exposure. Is that $2.5 billion, or $250 million aggregate stop loss? I wondered how close you were to hitting that aggregate stop loss? Thanks. 
Martin Sullivan: We have got Billy Nutt with us here. So, Billy? 
Billy Nutt: We do implement stop loss limits on all of our second lien policies. As you see on the chart in the presentation that Bob Lewis presented, chart 16, of our domestic mortgage net risk in-force, 10% of that is related to second liens, which is $2.5 million. With an average stop loss limit on that of about 10%, you're looking at about $250 million of total stop loss, which is rather modest. Some of our policies are close to their stop loss limits. But a number of them are not even close to their stop loss limits, and that is due to the diversification of the portfolio. 
 William Wilt - Morgan Stanley : So it would be too simple looking at, I guess, page 17, the domestic second lien losses of $159 million in the second quarter, it's too simple to just take that number, add losses in the first quarter, and presume that you are close to being able to benefit from the stop loss? 
Billy Nutt: That would be too simple. But we will benefit from the aggregate stop loss limits in some of our policies. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group. 
 Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group : Good morning. I think it will be afternoon by the time we are done. Within the Life and Retirement segment, a couple questions please. We used to have disclosure on the runoff block. Honestly, maybe I have missed it. It was running around $15 billion or so. Can you give us an update on where that is at? 
Martin Sullivan: Chris Swift will respond to that. 
Chris Swift: Dan, are you referring to the domestic fixed and variable annuities that we put into runoff? 
 Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group : I believe that was what was in there, although I can't entirely be sure. But yes, it was about $15 million or billion for the last couple quarters, coming down, and then it looks like it disappeared from the supplement. Or moved, possibly. 
Chris Swift: We did make a supplement change, broke out Life and Retirement Services differently. If you look at the fixed annuity line for Domestic Life, we also combined that with the old I will call it Domestic Life runoff. Within the Retirement Services, there is a, I will call it runoff category also where we just provide reserves. It is running off as expected. I don't think there's anything abnormal in there. But it is declining. I think reserves are closer to the $12 billion level than $15 billion. 
 Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group : Within the Retirement Services business, there was some commentary in the Q, but maybe you could give a little more discussion around it, about what the flows look like in light of redemption profiles and new business efforts. 
Martin Sullivan: Absolutely. Jay is on the line from California, so Jay, can you respond to that? 
Jay Wintrob: First of all, in the supplement I think the flows are pretty clearly laid out. Mainly that is going to be driven prospectively by PDOC sales. That is because, as we have disclosed, we continue to expect surrenders at these kind of levels or higher in the fixed annuity business due to the shape of the curve and the fact that we are five years out from our record sales years.  We are seeing some improvement in the ALIC group business and also in the variable annuity business. Again, on the sales side, with sales momentum I think we can improve on the flow side. It will be harder with fixed annuities because it is so subject to the two factors I mentioned, the shape of the curve and the fact that we are five years out on our two record sales years, starting at the end of this year. 
 Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group : So that is on the Life side. On the P&C side, the workers comp discount rate change, I am certainly not an expert on this one. Can you give us a little color around what drove that? I think, if I read right, it is a $155 million adjustment? Then since I think we all look at the different accident years between say the good years and the bad years, can you help us rethink about your disclosure of the accident years, excluding that $155 million positive? 
Frank Douglas: The work comp discount, which we adjust quarterly, was previously subjected to really a full actuarial analysis only in the fourth quarters. What we changed this quarter, which we do disclose in the Q, is that we are now updating the analysis quarterly. That did result in an increase in the discount of $155 million for workers comp, $125 million of overall discount, including discount in other line.  I think that is not a one-time aberration. This is a process that we're going to continue going forward. As our work comp reserves increase, the discount in those reserves is going to increase. It is spread across all accident years, as we have a significant volume of workers comp reserves in all accident years. You would see in the disclosure we have on accretion of discount, you would see that number was $12 million this quarter. That would tell you what the prior accident year impact was of the unwinding of the discount in prior accident years.  The balance of the discount is being put up in the current accident year against our workers comp reserves. So the prior accident year reserves discount will continue to accrete or unwind every quarter. But as we do an updated evaluation each quarter of our workers comp losses and their payout pattern and interest rate, the amount of discount in any one quarter could vary from what the change was in the prior quarter. But as our work comp reserves increase, our discount will increase proportionately with it.  If you look at our 10-K, you will get a picture of how it has changed over the longer-term period, how much discount is remaining by accident year. We dont show that every quarter, but if you look at it in the 10-K I think you will be able to see the general pattern by which it amortizes or unwinds. 
 Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group : Maybe my better question, just to get to the point, was that 155 in the 120? 
Frank Douglas: No. 
 Dan Johnson - Citadel Investment Group : That is the answer to the question. Thank you very much. 
Frank Douglas: We do not include discounting in the loss development. All of the loss development tables are based on undiscounted losses. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities. 
 Tamara Kravec - Banc of America Securities: First, just going back to the mortgage insurance business, the first lien business, which you had put in your release is 77% of the total there, and it generated about 42% of the losses. I guess I just wanted to get more granular on specifically where that business is underperforming in terms of the losses rising? Is it in particular vintages, particular FICO scores, LTVs? You have broken it down, but if you can just give a little bit more details that.  You are well on your way with the buyback, and you have articulated before that you're looking for $5 billion this year. Given the pace that you're on right now, would you consider exceeding that and doing the full $8 billion this year? Or are you sticking with what you originally laid out? Thanks. 
Billy Nutt: First of all, a correction in your statement. The domestic mortgage net risk in-force, 90% of that is in the domestic first lien business; and 10% is in the domestic second lien business. The first lien business represented 58% of our losses incurred. That is generally occurring along all segments of the business in terms of FICO scores. But in particular, we are seeing stress in those states that have experienced an economic recession : the upper Midwest, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, West Virginia. Those markets that have been in a manufacturing recession. We're also beginning to see some deterioration in incidence and severity in California and Florida now. 
Martin Sullivan: On the second part of your question, on the stock repurchase, obviously we have authorization up to $8 billion. We said we would do $5 billion in 2007. Obviously, we would keep our options open. If there was any change in that timing, obviously we would disclose that to the market. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Lane - William Blair. 
 Mark Lane - William Blair : Frank, on the commercial side can you talk about loss cost trends, any changes? What is your thought about how loss cost trends will develop over the next year on the commercial side? 
Frank Douglas: Well, I can tell you how they have developed up until now. Obviously, it is an extrapolation what will happen over the next year. But certainly what we have seen and reported each quarter for the last several years has been favorable loss trends for primarily accident years 2003 and forward. We are still seeing those favorable trends in accident year 2006, which is the newer phenomenon that we have seen in the last two quarters. Obviously, one can't say that because we have seen that for these two quarters it is going to automatically continue for the next four quarters, but that might be an assumption one might want to make. I am not saying we make that. We assume our reserves are adequate based on an assumption that loss costs are going to continue to rise from one accident year to the next.  After each quarter's data comes in we reevaluate with the updated data. We have been able to avoid having to raise some of our loss ratios, frankly, because the prior accident years and the more recent years continue to develop better than expected. So as the accident year loss ratios go down for 2003 through 2006, it alleviates the pressure to increase the loss ratio for the current accident year.  Whether that will continue is obviously unknown, but that has obviously been the pattern we have seen for the last couple of years. 
 Mark Lane - William Blair : So basically going forward, you're saying you are just kind of watching? There is really nothing that you can do to anticipate anything? It is just you are watching and you're using historic trend, and you will adjust it if it is not a trend, basically? 
Frank Douglas: Yes and as Kris noted earlier, if rates are going down and if they accelerate in a negative way, that obviously puts upward pressure on the current-year loss ratio. However, that could be mitigated or offset completely in some cases, or recently in almost all cases, by the favorable emergence from prior years. So it's a quarterly analysis we do for every profit center, for every product.  We look at what losses came in from all accident years, including the most recent years. We put into the equation what the rate changes earning in the quarter are and come up with an indicated current-year loss ratio. 
 Mark Lane - William Blair : Do you have the developed accident year loss ratio as of June 30 from '06? 
Frank Douglas: For many classes we are developing the accident year 2006 losses. For other classes, we are using expected loss ratio methods, as you are probably familiar with. 
 Mark Lane - William Blair : But do you have as of June 30, the developed accident year '06? 
Frank Douglas: The number at the AIG is currently 62.9. That is our current AIG all property casualty segments combined loss ratio. 
 Mark Lane - William Blair : '06 developed as of June 30? 
Frank Douglas: Right, yes. That compares with 64.4 currently for accident year 2007. 
 Mark Lane - William Blair : Foreign Life, I know you answered this question. It is a business that is very difficult to analyze even with the increased disclosure. Earnings have been under pressure for a number of quarters, particularly in Japan. Premium production on the single premium side, has been extremely robust for the last several quarters. So when are we going to start to see that hit the bottom line? Can you talk about profit emergence within Foreign Life over the next six to 12 months? It is just very difficult to figure out any trend there. 
Edmund Tse: How soon are those robust single premiums to hit the bottom line is a little bit more difficult to answer. It depends a lot on rates of persistency. But over time, and definitely, the increase in AUM because of the single premium products will contribute a lot more to our bottom line consistently over the years. As you can see, we have a very consistent growth either in top line or, in many countries, even in bottom line over the last few quarters. Maybe, Chris, you could add some color to it? 
Chris Swift: Sure, Edmund. Profit emergence is a little slower with our single paid business compared to regular premium business, as Edmund was referring to. But where we price it, in essence, the net spreads that we get in it are attractive; and it will emerge over time. As Edmund said in his opening comments, we have some comparability issues this quarter. If you really take that away, Foreign Life is up 14%-ish, which is probably on a high end of a long-term expected growth rate, but probably not too far from where we will see the total Foreign Life business going.  We have commented in the past in Japan on Star and Edison being year end in the inflection point where we think they could start to grow faster. We still see that and believe that as we head into the '08 planning cycle. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch. 
 Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch : Shifting back to the portfolio, it seems like the folks within Financial Products and American General Finance really saw the writing on the wall to some extent with the whole mortgage issue on the sub-prime side and pulled back. Was there any communication between those folks and the investment folks? Because it seems like the buying of this stuff on the portfolio side continued pretty aggressively in '06, although it is hard to tell. What is the communication lines like between these different areas? 
Bob Lewis: I think it is fair to note that there are some structural differences in the business that I think Billy might comment on. There are some structural reasons in the business why the timing of an effect of a change is slower in UGC's business to take effect than it can be on the investment side or the FP side. Billy, you might want to just mention that reason. 
Billy Nutt: UGC and American General Finance really have different business models. We are a broad market mortgage insurer. AGF is a niche mortgage lender. We must participate in the broad market with all of our major lenders, which includes insuring some segments of the higher risk products, as well as insuring a large market share of their A paper business.  We basically follow the fortunes of the market. We follow the fortunes of the lender, where AGF can pull in and out of markets depending upon the dynamics that are going on in those markets. Also what is important to note is UGC is in first-dollar loss position, where AGF has equity or other credit protection before they incur a loss. We do communicate across units. We understand each other's respective businesses, but we have distinct business models. 
Bob Lewis: Coming over to the investment side, I would like to mention that there are some structural reasons for the investment that has to do with matching our liabilities. Richard, do you want to explain? 
Richard : There's so many different facts that one might put out there; but one thing you should understand is we did change our basic underwriting in '06 and '07 particularly with regard to Alt-A, where we switched to almost exclusively super senior structured AAAs which have subordination under them more akin to sub-prime deals than a typical Alt-A deal would have. So we do have good communication across groups. We do talk to FP. We do talk to AG Finance. We do talk amongst ourselves.  I do think that everyone should understand that since this is primarily a AAA portfolio we are not overly concerned about modest or even fairly aggressive deterioration in these markets. But the switch in the Alt-A portfolio, in particular, to the much more highly protected tranches was certainly directly related to our perception of the underwriting standards in the market. 
 Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch : That's helpful. Then just one quick follow-up. Just to understand the mark effect, you had said initially that the quoted prices for many of these securities has gone down. But it sounds like that would not necessitate a mark-to-market on your behalf. Is that right? 
Richard : All of our assets get marked through the balance sheet, with a difference in fair value going through other comprehensive income whether we intend to sell them or not. But whether or not it goes through reported realized gains and losses is a question, i.e., is marked to market through the income statement, is a function of either deciding to sell it or selling it. 
Bob Lewis: Jay, virtually all of the RMBS securities that we hold are unavailable for sale. So they do, as Richard just said, they get marked to market on a quarterly basis through accumulated other comprehensive income. Only to the extent that there was any determination that there was an other than temporary impairment in those securities would there be an income statement effect. I think we have talked through this presentation on why we don't believe that is going to occur. 
 Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch : Right, that is what I thought initially. Okay, great. Thanks. 
Martin Sullivan: Jay, I would also just draw your attention on page 14 of the presentation, where we obviously lay out that the average domestic mortgage loss ratio for UGC over the last ten years is some 27%. As Billy has mentioned before, I guess you could define the environment he is trading in at the moment as the mortgage insurance definition of a cat loss. 
 Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch : No doubt, thank you. 
Martin Sullivan: Ladies and gentlemen, unfortunately we only have time for one more question. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Charlie Gates - Credit Suisse. 
 Charlie Gates - Credit Suisse : Good morning. This was an awesome conference call. Congratulations. Haven't the two recent Supreme Court decisions, the one June 18 concerning securities underwriters and the one June 21 concerning [inaudible] weren't they very important, arguably, positives for your business in loss cost trends? 
Martin Sullivan: Kris is going to respond. 
Kris Moor: Charlie, obviously, on the surface they are positive, but you have to be very cautious as we have seen in the past, when you get big decisions that are favorable, that things tend to change in the marketplace and the plaintiffs' bar figures ways to get around it. So on the surface and right now, though we think they're positive, but we haven't taken any account of those decisions into our loss ratios. 
 Charlie Gates - Credit Suisse : With regard to all these concerns about marking assets to market, I don't think I can recall a day when the yield on the ten-year was down 10 basis points before, to 4.76%. Isn't that a very important positive from the standpoint of marking securities to market? 
Kris Moor: In general, I would say yes it is since we tend to have a modestly, I would say, an intermediate duration portfolio. 
 Charlie Gates - Credit Suisse : I guess the only other question, on page 29 of the mortgage presentation you show this year credit default swap of $19.4 billion where the collateral was predominantly BBB. To what extent is that a source of worry? 
Martin Sullivan: Maybe Joe or Andy, you could respond to that. 
Joe Cassano: That is the same question that Tom Cholnoky was asking too when he looked at that. I think maybe to put that further in perspective, that underlying pool are pools of BBB assets. But when you pool those up they created other AAA, AA assets. Then we have attached above that AAA group, when they got pooled. As we were saying to Tom in the previous answer, going through the stress tests that we have, and having hand selected the underlying assets that are involved in these portfolios, and then stressing the underlying CDOs or the BBBs that are in there, we're quite comfortable that there is no issue with those portfolios.  We wanted to make sure in this presentation, we broke out exactly what everything looked like in order to give everybody the full disclosure. But we see no issues at all emerging. We see no dollar of loss associated with any of that business. Any reasonable scenario that anyone can draw, and when I say reasonable, I mean a severe recession scenario that you can draw out for the life of those securities. 
 Charlie Gates - Credit Suisse : That was an awesome conference call. Thank you. 
Martin Sullivan: Thank you, Charlie. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much indeed for your patience and your attention today. Thank you.
