===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant’s First Quarter 2025 Conference Call and Webcast. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following management’s prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Sean Moshier, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may now begin.
Sean Moshier: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter results with you today. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Keith Meier, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the first quarter 2025. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. Also on our website is a slide presentation for our webcast participants. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in the earnings release, presentation and financial supplement on our website as well as in our SEC reports. During today’s call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company’s performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and supporting materials. We'll start today's call with remarks before moving into Q&A. I will now turn the call over to Keith Demmings.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to share that 2025 is off to a strong start. For the first quarter, we continue to demonstrate momentum, delivering 14% growth in adjusted EBITDA and 16% growth in adjusted earnings per share, both excluding reportable catastrophes. This quarter's performance highlights the position of strength from which we continue to operate and is supported by our diversified global operating model where we have market leading businesses across global housing and global lifestyle that are underpinned by our robust capital position. We have a proven track record of delivering through various economic cycles over the long term and we remain well positioned to achieve our 9th consecutive year of earnings growth. Our differentiated business-to-business to consumer distribution strategy in attractive markets is reinforced by our world class workforce that enables us to win, build and scale transparent partnerships with many of the world's leading brands. And our ability to deliver exceptional customer experiences through customized data driven solutions and comprehensive wraparound services reinforces the strength of Assurant's long-term fundamentals. Last quarter, we outlined our 2025 priorities and I'm incredibly proud of our team's progress to date. We're executing, optimizing and scaling significant partnerships across lifestyle and housing through the foundational investments we made in new programs and clients in 2024. We've continued to make high value incremental investments to support new program launches in our pipeline and accelerate emerging growth opportunities. And we remain focused on achieving our 2025 outlook by driving operational excellence and financial performance. Next, I want to share a few segment highlights that support our attractive position. Starting with Global Lifestyle, we're laser focused on achieving our growth objectives across Connected Living and Global Automotive. In Connected Living, we continuously enhance the customer and client experience by investing in innovative products and services while providing differentiated value to our clients with integrity and transparency. This has allowed us to build relationships with every major U.S. mobile operator along with many global leaders in the telecom industry. As mobile and cable operators continue to innovate and compete in the wireless space, Assurant's strengthened partnerships, enhance our market position and support long term growth. Our approach continues to generate momentum and through key investments in leading edge technology including automation, robotics and AI at our device care centers, we anticipate meaningful opportunities to offer additional value-added services to our key mobile clients in the near future. During the first quarter, we continue to build on our track record of deepening relationships with key clients, reinforcing our position as a preferred partner. Recently, we partnered with Verizon to launch a new mobile device protection plan from Total Wireless, Verizon's fast growing no contract wireless provider. The program Total Wireless Protect will allow new and existing customers affordable replacement and repair against accidents and mechanical breakdowns, supported by our more than 900 Assurant authorized repair centers nationwide. This provides an opportunity to continue building deeper relationships with another U.S. mobile carrier. In Global Automotive, earnings remain stable, supported by a year-over-year improvement in loss experience. Our leadership team is quickly making progress to enable further success, including a unified consistent branding approach in our go-to-market strategy, allowing us to better leverage our scale as a market leader. This has contributed to new wins within our U.S. and international distribution channels with runway to gain additional share with large national dealers. And we're launching several new products within Global Auto this year. We recently launched Assurant Vehicle Care Technology Plus, which provides coverage for high-tech vehicle components, wear and tear items and smartphone repairs. Moving to housing, shifts in the voluntary insurance market throughout the U.S. have increased demand for lender placed insurance products within homeowners. Our product helps lenders, investors, and homeowners remove the risk of uninsured loss. Through the exceptional efforts of our claims team, we remain committed to supporting our policyholders when they need us most. We're proud to be honored by the American Red Cross as a 2025 disaster relief hero, recognizing our support for those impacted by 2024 storms including hurricanes Helene and Milton and the wildfires in California. As we look at results, our strong performance continued in the first quarter, driven by 17% top-line growth within homeowners, primarily due to the addition of 70,000 lender placed policies. We've achieved significant expense leverage resulting in a compelling combined ratio. Even with elevated cats in the first quarter, we delivered a combined ratio of 90%. For 2025, we're on track to deliver a combined ratio around the mid-80s including our full year cat assumption of $300 million. We continue to extend the tenure of our client base, renewing two lender placed clients in the first quarter and we see meaningful opportunity to expand with new clients by leveraging our existing infrastructure. In renters, we're executing our strategy to scale our technology enabled services and recently added a new renters book with over 250,000 policies. Our Cover360 platform continues to support double-digit written premium growth in our Property Management Company or PMC channel, demonstrating our competitive edge in a distribution channel with further growth potential. The strength of our combined lifestyle and housing businesses has enabled us to grow significantly. Over the last five years, we've delivered a compound annual adjusted EPS growth rate of 18% and a 12% adjusted EBITDA growth rate, both excluding cats. Since we successfully placed our 2025 cat reinsurance program in April, which Keith Meier will cover, I want to take a moment to highlight how Assurant compares to certain large cat exposed P&C peers. When we look over the past six years, Assurant ranks among the lowest in terms of cat exposure as a percentage of net earned premiums and as a percentage of shareholders' equity. Since 2019, we had the lowest average cat losses as a percentage of net earned premiums as well as the third lowest as a percentage of shareholders' equity. Equally compelling, our volatility across both metrics is among the lowest in the group. Over the last 10 years, our increased scale and efficiency within housing has driven a 10-year average combined ratio of 89% compared to the broader P&C market of 95%. This data illustrates the power of Assurant's unique and advantaged business portfolio as global lifestyle and global housing have delivered strong growth and returns with lower volatility. Given our demonstrated resilience over time through various economic environments, balanced risk management, and compelling growth path ahead, it's our belief that we should be valued at a premium to the S&P composite 1,500 P&C index median. Our strategy is centered around our powerful B2B2C distribution model across lifestyle and housing, which bolsters our competitive advantage and financial performance. In the attractive markets where we operate, we see expanding opportunities to continue profitable growth through the scale and efficiency of our service delivery networks. We expect to continue extending our track record of winning new clients and solidifying relationships across the enterprise. Our business model has created diversified sources of earnings and capital while generating strong returns, cash flow and growth. Looking toward the future, we believe there are expanding growth opportunities including increasing investments in our core markets, continue to expand offerings with existing clients and winning new global partnerships, and entering attractive adjacent sectors through new product launches. Before handing it over to Keith, I want to spend a moment on the evolving economic landscape and Assurant's position. 2024 marked an exceptional year of outperformance representing our 8th consecutive year of earnings growth. Given the strong start to the year and the strength of our businesses, we remain on track to deliver our 9th consecutive year of profitable growth in 2025, reaffirming our enterprise outlook. We are closely monitoring the impact of macroeconomic conditions and tariff policies on our claims cost and consumer demand. We are also taking action to remain well positioned and stay ahead of future developments. While there remains significant uncertainty, our outlook considers the impact of tariffs. The differentiated features of our business model positions’ us to navigate the dynamic macroeconomic environment. In lifestyle, our alignment of financial interests with our partners enables us to work side by side to help mitigate risk. This includes client risk sharing contracts that allow us to manage financial exposure through Connected Living and Global Auto. Our partnerships with leading brands provides us access to diverse supply chains across the world as our clients partner with us to optimize claims costs. Within housing, our inflation guard product feature includes quarterly state-by-state rate adjustments and will allow us to react quickly to higher materials cost in our lender place business. In addition, lender place may also serve as a countercyclical hedge in the event of a broader market downturn, differentiating us from other P&C companies. Overall, the attributes that unify our Lifestyle and Housing segments also position Assurant to deliver shareholder value over time through growth and disciplined capital management. I'll now turn it over to Keith Meyer.
Keith Meier: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by sharing some key highlights we saw in the first quarter. 2025 is off to a strong start with double-digit growth across our primary performance metrics, achieving mid-teens growth for adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share, both excluding catastrophes. Our first quarter performance was driven by double-digit earnings growth in Global Housing led by our lender placed business. Within Global Lifestyle, we were pleased to see improved loss experience within global automotive, as well as solid contributions from our card benefits business in connected living. Looking at capital, our holding company liquidity position remained solid at over $500 million at quarter end. Our cash generation allowed us to return over $100 million of cash to our shareholders, including $62 million of share repurchases. Through May 2nd, we've repurchased an additional $25 million of shares. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2025, we continue to expect our buybacks will remain more balanced throughout the year due to the ability of our businesses to generate significant cash flow. Our ultimate level of repurchases will depend on M&A opportunities and other market conditions. Turning to our segment results, let's begin with Global Lifestyle. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was down 5% compared to last year and included a $6 million impact from unfavorable foreign exchange. As a reminder, first quarter of 2024 included a $7 million one-time client contract benefit that was previously disclosed. Excluding this benefit, Global Lifestyle's underlying adjusted EBITDA was up modestly on a constant currency basis. In Connected Living, earnings declined 6%. Excluding the one-time benefit from the prior year, Connected Living EBITDA also increased modestly on a constant currency basis. Results benefited from a newly launched card benefits program within the financial services business where we continue to be encouraged by the growth of a new client. The increase was partially offset by lower results in domestic mobile from device protection and trade in programs. First quarter results also included approximately $3 million of incremental investments related to new capabilities and client partnerships, including Verizon's Total Wireless prepaid protection program. Turning to Global Auto, adjusted EBITDA was stable as lower investment income mainly from lower real estate joint venture income and unfavorable foreign exchange was offset by improved loss experience. We were pleased to see improved loss experience both year-over-year and sequentially as program changes and rate increases continue to earn through our book. In terms of revenue, our net earned premiums, fees and other income for Global Lifestyle grew 5% or 7% on a constant currency basis led by Connected Living. Moving to Global Housing, first quarter adjusted EBITDA was $112 million which included $157 million of cat losses. Impacts from the California wildfires were $125 million which includes estimated recoveries from subrogation. We saw another quarter of strong double-digit growth as adjusted EBITDA increased 31% to $269 million excluding cats. Our homeowners business continued to benefit from significant policy growth from higher placement rates, including impacts from voluntary insurance market pressure. Non-catastrophe loss experience was also favorable year over year due to lower claims frequency. Looking at housing reserves, in the first quarter, favorable prior year reserve development was $26 million which is modestly higher than the $22 million in the first quarter of 2024. Within our renters business, we continue to benefit from results in our PMC channel, which achieved its 11th consecutive quarter of double digit written premium growth. Moving to catastrophe reinsurance, we are very pleased with the outcome of our 2025 program placement, which was finalized on April 1. We increased coverage at more attractive terms while maintaining a one in five-year probable maximum loss or PML for our per event retention level, which is now $160 million. This is slightly above the $150 million program retention in 2024 due to growth in the business, but maintains the same PML. Our main U.S. program provides nearly $1.8 billion in loss coverage in excess of our retention, protecting Assurant and its policyholders against severe events for up to a 1-265-year PML. We continue to partner with a diversified group of over 40 highly rated reinsurers. In terms of cost, our 2025 catastrophe reinsurance premiums are estimated to be approximately $225 million compared to a normalized view of $203 million in 2024, which adjusts for the timing impact of our program placement change in the first quarter of last year. The increase in costs reflects the growth of the business, partially offset by lower rates where we believe we priced on the lower end compared to the broader market. With the placement of our 2025 program, our expected annual catastrophe load is now $175 million excluding the California wildfires. Including the wildfire impacts in the first quarter, our expected full year 2025 catastrophe load is $300 million. Moving to our outlook for 2025, I want to reinforce that we continue to operate from a position of strength across the company. As we've demonstrated in previous macro cycles, strong cash flow is one of the hallmarks of our company. The ongoing cash generation from our businesses is supported by our large base of customers across our diverse lifestyle and housing segments. Our balance sheet is in a strong position. Our over $10 billion investment portfolio is well diversified across industries and 93% of our fixed income assets are investment grade. And from a growth perspective, despite macro uncertainty, we continue to prioritize targeted investing across our businesses as we look to scale and win across the globe. Turning to our enterprise outlook, we remain on track to deliver on the objectives we outlined at the start of the year to grow adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS modestly in 2025, both excluding cats. Keep in mind that the outlook includes growing off of a very strong 2024, including favorable prior year reserve development of $107 million last year. Given our first quarter results and the resiliency of our business model over the long term, we are well positioned to navigate the dynamic environment. We have considered the impacts of tariffs within our outlook and continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, foreign exchange and interest rate levels, which may impact the pace and timing of growth. In Lifestyle, growth in connected living and global automotive is expected to be partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange as well as investments in new partnerships and programs in 2025. Combined, we continue to expect foreign exchange and incremental investments to mute Lifestyle growth by a few percentage points. Turning to Housing, we are increasing our outlook and now expect growth, reflecting our first quarter results as well as the expected continuation of lender placed policy growth in our homeowners business. Our capital objectives for 2025 remain consistent as we focus on maintaining balance and flexibility to support new business growth while returning excess capital to shareholders. From a share repurchase perspective, our expected range for 2025 continues to be between $200 million to $300 million subject to M&A as well as market and other conditions. Overall, we are off to a great start in 2025 as we continue to drive long term shareholder value. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Jeff Schmitt with William Blair & Company.
Keith Demmings: Morning, Jeff. Are you there?
Operator: Please press *6 on your handset to unmute your line.
Jeff Schmitt: Hi. Sorry about that. Can you hear me?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. Yeah. We got you, Jeff. Good morning.
Jeff Schmitt: Alright. Good. So in Global Lifestyle, the loss ratio is still kind of relatively high versus historical levels. I know you've taken a lot of actions there, in Global Auto just in terms of rate increases, process changes, things like that. But could you maybe give us an update on when you expect to see improvement there?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. And are you speaking specifically to Auto, or are you talking more broadly to Lifestyle overall?
Jeff Schmitt: Well, yeah, I guess Lifestyle overall, but I guess Global Auto may may drive that down.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. Maybe let me let me provide a few thoughts overall, and then and then Keith can talk a little bit about the progress in Auto. We're obviously pleased with how that business continues to perform. But, when I look at Lifestyle in the quarter, came in very much in line with our expectations overall. If you look at Connected Living, there's a couple of adjustments that I would suggest you make relative to the results. We had, actually grown on a constant currency sort of normalized basis in the quarter. We had a $7 million one-time client adjustment last year in the first quarter, and then we had about $4 million of foreign exchange. So if I look at Connected Living, normalized, we're up about $3 million in the quarter. We actually had some benefit and this will be a question we'll get today at some point. We had about $5 million of EBITDA benefit in the quarter relative to the new programs that we talked about launching last year. So I'd say we're on track with our one-year payback timeline that we expected, a little bit softer results around trade in in the quarter, but nothing unexpected. So, we're generally pleased with the long-term opportunity around Connected Living and certainly we've got a lot of client momentum, which we'll talk about. And then Auto, we've certainly seen continued stability in the performance, and maybe Keith can provide a couple highlights just on lost performance and development relative to those rate increases?
Keith Meier: Yeah. So, Jeff, in terms of Auto, I think we've continued to see the results stabilizing. This is two quarters in a row of increased EBITDA for that business. We've seen our loss experience in the VFC, side of the business improving quarter over quarter. And we've also seen our GAAP experience level off now as well. So I think overall that provides some encouraging trends in terms of how we see the year playing out. And then I think that also is what enables us to reinforce our outlook for growth for our Auto business, as we think about the full year ahead. So, overall, pleased with the progress that's taking place so far.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay. Great. And then in Connected Living, could you give us an update on the size and cadence of higher investments for, I guess, new partnerships, program launches, things like that? And when do you expect that to kind of roll off this year?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. So, we talked about the $25 million that we invested in 2024. And if you'll remember, we said about $15 million was relative to new client launches and then $10 million was related to investments in our device care centers. And that would yield a full one-year payback this year embedded in our results and our outlook. As I think about the 2025 investments, we had about $3 million of incremental invest in the first quarter. And I would say we're still in that zone of a similar amount relative to the client launches. So last year was $15 million. It's probably in that order of magnitude for the full year. We'll see how things progress. And again, very excited about being able to announce what that all relates to as we get further through the year. You saw in our prepared remarks launching a relationship with Total Wireless by Verizon. We're obviously incredibly proud and excited about the opportunity to become a device protection partner with such an important client. And there'll be more things we'll talk about as the year goes on, and I think we're still on track for that type of investment level this year.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: You bet. Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
Keith Demmings: Hey, John. Good morning.
Keith Meier: Good morning, John.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Hope you're both well. My first question is about tariffs. I believe '25 guidance now assumes impact from tariffs. What range of impacts are you assuming? And how do you view the new versus used car dynamic playing out within that?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So maybe I'll provide a few high-level thoughts around context. Keith can talk about where we see -- we mentioned we'll see some impact certainly in Auto and Housing around parts and material. He can walk through our thoughts on how to think about the impact. We're not going to size a specific dollar amount, but we will give you a sense of how we think about it. The first thing I would just say is, obviously, there's still a lot of uncertainty when it comes to the scope and the timing of tariffs and it will no doubt evolve and change over time throughout the year. We try to take a really pragmatic approach and worked with really the most current information we had available. We went ahead and assumed tariffs would remain in place throughout the entirety of 2025. And at the end of the day, when we looked at the underlying performance in the business, a really, really strong first quarter, we believe tariffs will be manageable this year and will deliver the original guidance that we had laid out. But maybe Keith, just a little bit of color, we talked about Auto and Housing having greater impact. How do we think about that flowing through the claims cost?
Keith Meier: Yes. And I think as we think about any potential impact, I think it probably is more in line with higher claims cost potentially in our Auto and in our Housing business. And the way we have approached that is in our Housing business, we have a history of navigating potential inflationary aspects. And I think one of the key drivers of our the rigor that we've developed through that process is having our ability to utilize our inflation guard features. And so I think us being able to now adjust our rates based on inflation every quarter and by state, whereas a couple years ago, it used to be, once a year across the board. So overall, I think we're in a good position to navigate those types of impacts in Housing. And then when it comes to Auto, I think you have to kind of frame it up in terms of the actual impact to our claims. So, probably about 2/3rd of our business is more risk shared with our clients and reinsurance arrangements and so forth. So you're already at a 1/3rd of our business at that point. And then of that 1/3rd, basically, you could think about claims as being half parts and half labor. So now you're down into the mid to high teens percentage of our business that could be affected. And then even of those parts, probably half or so is imported. And so now you're talking single digit kind of impacts on our claims. And so with all the work we're doing with our clients on an ongoing basis just because of the inflationary aspects of the business from the last few years and we've been putting in 18 rate increases and also working on program designs, I think we're in a good position to navigate impacts in Auto as well. So, overall, I think we're in a good position to manage through that, and I think that's what also gave us confidence to reinforce our guidance for growth across all of our businesses.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. And maybe just to pick up the question on new and used, I think, as we've talked about before, we're pretty well positioned across our Auto business. We've got very much balanced between new and used. It's in the range of 50-50. So should we see dynamic shift there where there maybe there's more used sales, less new sales, I think we're well positioned overall from that perspective. We'll obviously monitor that closely. We're working with our partners, but we do feel like we've got muscles built the last couple of years with clients to make the right adjustments, whether it's rate, product design, claims management. That will continue as we go forward and we're going to continue to focus on growth and executing and delivering financial results.
John Barnidge: Thank you for that. My follow-up question, is on Global Housing. It's about the expense ratio in the quarter. Are you able to identify by how much that expense ratio was impacted by dealing with the catastrophe loss events that occurred in the quarter related to the wildfires that brought it to 39.1% versus 37.9% a year ago? Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Yes, it's a great question. I would say that if we sort of made adjustments to normalize, we'd be relatively flat year-over-year. If you look at the first quarter '25 we had reinsurance costs up $11 million over last year. That's 110 basis points. The balance of the difference is related to the higher, expenses related to managing through the claim -- the claims cost from the cat. So broadly speaking, I would say underlying expenses, as a ratio are flat year-over-year.
Keith Meier: I think you can think about our expense ratio as being that high 30s kind of percentage. And so, I think in general, we're on track with that. And like Keith said, I think you should expect it to be a similar kind of normalized rate year-over-year.
John Barnidge: Thanks for the answers.
Keith Demmings: You got it? Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes with Truist.
Keith Demmings: Morning, Mark.
Operator: Please press *6.
Mark Hughes: I should be here now. Yeah. Good morning. The Total Wireless by Verizon seems pretty interesting. How many subscribers under that program? I think it the fact that you're extending your relationship or deepening your relationship with Verizon is great. How much financial impact from that program would you anticipate?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. I think the first thing I would say is it's starting it's not an existing base of business that's porting across to us. So this is a brand-new launch. So we're starting from customer one as we build that book. So it will naturally ramp, you know, probably three or four years to get to its full run rate potential depending on consumer behavior, etc. So I think that's the first thing to recognize. The second thing, yeah, we're really excited. I mean, we're deepening relationships with clients. We've done an amazing job in the mobile business, and I think we continue to demonstrate that we can add value to major partners. And this is just another example of that. And obviously, they're a massive potential client for other things, and we'll look to continue to execute and deliver and prove our value to them so we earn the right to do more over time. But it's a big opportunity for us, and we're very, very happy with it.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. You'd mentioned on the homeowners that the shifts in voluntary were increasing demand. How is that trending now? Is there still as much pressure on homeowners that's benefiting you or is that starting to taper a little bit?
Keith Meier: Yes, I think we're still seeing and expecting growth in our policies for our lender placed business. I think in California we're still seeing a little bit of growth. And also in the Midwest and some of the in-land Northeast as well. So, overall, I think the business is continuing to see that type of progress and progressive growth. So, I think our product is only becoming more and more valuable over time.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. And I think to your point, the year-over-year placement rate improved pretty significantly. It's definitely slowed down as we look at the sequential view. But to Keith's point, we expect to see kind of modest growth over the balance of year and I think we're really well positioned with how that business is performing and how it's performed through various cycles as well.
Mark Hughes: And then on the, trade in, anything structural around trade ins, people keeping their phones longer, anything like that, or was it just timing of customer promotional activity that impacted the quarter? Yeah.
Keith Demmings: I think it's both. Definitely, customers are keeping devices longer, but I think the what stimulates a lot of that demand is the promotional activity, the competitive intensity. Saw a little bit more muted in the first quarter. I don't think it was different than we expected it to be. We'll see how that plays out. It's a pretty competitive environment today. I think our clients are going to be looking to drive growth and that could ultimately stimulate more competition than yet to be seen as we look at Q2 and the rest of the year, but nothing that is unusual in terms of those dynamics.
Mark Hughes: And if I could squeeze in one more on the renters book, you talked about picking up 250,000 policies. You talked about that and then maybe the, underlying growth in, in renters aside from that new customer pickup.
Keith Demmings: Sure. I'll talk about the book, and then Keith can cover sort of the growth and how we think about it across the areas within renters. So, again, we worked with an insurer who was looking to exit the renters business, really more of a book roll. We talk about 250,000 policies, about $50 million of gross written premium annually. This insurance company served a wide range of Affinity clients, so it fits in incredibly well with our Affinity business. It was acquired through reinsurance, we'll convert it to our paper over time. And I would say as we think about the contribution, I don't expect a massive step change in overall financial performance, but it is a very strategic opportunity. It generates a lot of scale and it continues to reinforce our market leadership position and I think we feel good about how we've structured and derisked the deal overall. But Keith, how would you reflect on the growth for the quarter?
Keith Meier: Yes, and I would just say on that book role that we had, I think that really just speaks to our executing on our strategy to really scale our technology enabled services that we've been developing over time. And we've talked about our Cover360 product where we track renters policies for the landlords. And so I think those are the types of things where we're able to invest in this business, and I think that's enabling us to be able to leverage those capabilities to drive scale where others may not see the benefit of investing the way that we have. So, these are great opportunities for us to grow. I think you'll see contributions from the acquisition as well as through our property management channel, which again has grown for the 11th consecutive quarter at double digit. So, we'll see contribution there. And we also see, as Keith said, this helps our affinity business as well. So overall, I think we've got some nice balanced growth as we look ahead for renters.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
Keith Demmings: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tommy McJoynt with KBW.
Keith Demmings: Morning, Tommy.
Tommy McJoynt: Hey. Good morning. A question about the mobile side and the potential impact of tariffs. It doesn't sound like you guys are expecting a significant impact there. Can you talk about why maybe the potential importing of parts or and cell phones might not be impacted? And I think a lot of it has to do with your role as more of a program administrator than being on risk. Perhaps you can lay out the details on that.
Keith Meier: Yeah. I think you actually hit on it, Tommy. I think it's the way that we work with our clients and these are large players with, highly developed supply chains, and we complement their supply chains as well. So we work very closely with them. Obviously, a lot of the programs are, reinsured or risk shared like you just spoke about. So I think that's what mitigates a lot of that impact. And then, obviously, we work very closely with them to optimize the programs for the consumer as well as for our clients. So, overall, I think those are the things that do put us in a good position overall on the mobile side.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. And I think the other thing I would add, Tommy, is think about the mobile business, particularly around device protection. We've got 64 million or so monthly subscribers, but it's monthly pay, monthly earn. So the profile of that business is different than selling a single premium contract that earns out over time. So that also helps us be a little bit more nimble with the changes we can make, whether it's product or pricing. It can have an impact more quickly than in other lines of business.
Tommy McJoynt: Okay. Got it. And then looking at the full year guidance, when I unpack the various subcomponents there, so it doesn't sound like the enterprise-wide guidance has changed, but Housing segment got a little bit better. Does that imply that that mar that on the margin, the Lifestyle segment came in a little bit worse than we were expecting a few months ago. And just want to make sure if that's the case, what is the driver of that?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. I'd say I guess a fair way to interpret it. Overall, feel really good about the full year guide. We obviously increased housing from modest decline to generating growth, so we feel really good about that adjustment. And then to your point, lifestyle, I would say we're certainly factoring in the impact of the macro environment in tariffs as we think about the year that wouldn't have been true in the same way a few months ago. So I'd say that's the only difference. But if I think about the underlying financial performance of the Lifestyle business, we feel really good where we came out in Q1, setting aside the dynamic world we're living in, we feel really good about the year in front of us. And even considering those factors, we're still planning to grow connected living, we're planning to grow Auto, and we're going to grow Housing.
Tommy McJoynt: Great. Thanks, Keith.
Keith Demmings: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Bob Huang with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Demmings: Morning, Bob.
Bob Huang: Hi. Can you guys hear me now?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. We can.
Bob Huang: Okay. Perfect. Yeah. So, maybe another follow-up on tariffs. I know we talked about this quite a bit. Just can you maybe help us think about, if there are any particular components within the tariff that is more sensitive. For example, are there like, within Housing, is there more aluminum, steel, lumber, or within the Auto? Like, is there particular parts? Just trying to see if there's anything that we should monitor from, like, a commodity futures perspective.
Keith Meier: Yeah. So, Bob, I think when we do our scenario planning, we take into account the various, tariffs that have been talked about in the marketplace. And so then we apply them into scenarios for each of those businesses. So, I kind of went through that earlier in terms of the way we think about Housing. It could impact a little bit in some building costs, but we think we're well positioned to navigate potential inflationary aspects from whether it's lumber, steel, those types of things. And then on Auto, we're consistently monitoring parts and Auto related tariff discussions. And so, I think also there by working with our clients and the way, our business is structured, we feel very good about being able to manage through the different scenarios that are being discussed today.
Keith Demmings: Did we lose Bob? Maybe.
Bob Huang: Sorry. Can you hear me now?
Keith Meier: Yeah.
Bob Huang: Perfect. Yes. So my second question is regarding, used car versus new car sales. Right? Like, if you think about, just the recent, auto sales and things of that nature, obviously, something that we've been talking you guys have mentioned. Is there a way to think about, whether or not, like, there was a new car sales pulled forward due to tariffs? Would that have any significant impact on, how we should think about the business going forward?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. I don't think it has a significant impact on how we think about business going forward. I definitely think there was a pull forward, both for new and for used. If I even look at the car sales in the month of March, they were higher than sort of the average for the quarter. So that suggests that there is a pull forward. I would expect that to probably be true in April as well. I don't think it has a significant effect on how we think about the business or the year. I suspect it's just a timing point where there'll be a little bit of additional sales front loaded and then maybe a little bit of softer sales following. We'll sort of see how the environment evolves. But obviously, it's always good to get a little more business in the door earlier in the year, but because of the nature of this business, we're earning off of a $11 billion UPR that's in force. It doesn't have a huge effect on how we think about the short-term picture for auto.
Keith Meier: I would just add there, Bob, that we look at the macroeconomic environment in terms of there could be inflation aspects and consumer impact. And so, on the consumer impact, we don't see that as really affecting Assurant as much, in 2025, because of the existing business and it takes time to earn through and so forth. So I think that part doesn't have as much. And then we talked a lot about the flip side, which is the inflationary aspects, which can, you know, happen earlier. And that's the part that we talked a lot about, and we feel well positioned on that on that side of it.
Bob Huang: Okay. Thank you. I really appreciate it.
Keith Demmings: I think that was the last question. So I will go ahead and say thanks everybody for joining us today, and we'll look forward to the next update in August. Appreciate the time. Thanks so much. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Closing Remarks]

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Conference Call and Webcast. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following management’s prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Sean Moshier, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may now begin.
Sean Moshier: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Keith Meier, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2024. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. Also on our website is a slide presentation for our webcast participants. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in the earnings release, presentation and financial supplement on our website as well as in our SEC reports. During today’s call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company’s performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and supporting materials. We’ll start today’s call with remarks before moving into Q&A. I will now turn the call over to Keith Demmings.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. 2024 represented another strong year for Assurant. I’m incredibly proud of the performance of our teams across the company, whose commitment to delivering for our clients and customers enabled us to achieve 15% adjusted EBITDA growth and 19% adjusted earnings per share growth, both excluding reportable cats. Strategic investments in our people, client partnerships, technology and capabilities and targeted actions to drive improved performance across key areas of the business, position us to continue to outperform and deliver exceptional value through our products and services. Our people are at the center of everything we do, and our performance is made possible by our world-class culture. Our culture is how we attract and retain incredible talent to deliver for our customers. We’re extremely proud of the recognitions we’ve received, highlighting our commitment to innovation and sustainability, while supporting and empowering our employees. Our competitive advantage comes from the ongoing dedication of our global workforce and leadership team to drive new business through innovative solutions while elevating the customer experience and deepening existing partnerships. In Global Lifestyle, we had an unprecedented year of client wins and renewals, particularly within Connected Living. We continue to invest in new innovative client programs and leading-edge technology including the incorporation of automation, robotics and AI at our device care center outside of Nashville. We recently partnered to launch T-Mobile’s Protection 360 HomeTech product. This new offering provides protection for an unlimited number of WiFi-enabled devices and electronics, while providing premium tech support to consumers. This critical new product represents another strategic growth vector and underscores the long-term opportunity presented by the convergence of broadband and mobile in the connected home. By prioritizing investments in programs and capabilities, we generated significant momentum and plan to execute on additional opportunities. In Global Automotive, we made progress in stabilizing earnings through targeted actions to address elevated claim costs in our vehicle service contract business and our guaranteed asset protection product. We continue to be optimistic about the long-term outlook for this business. Before discussing Global Housing, I want to first share that our thoughts are with everyone who is impacted by the events of the last few months, including the California wildfires. In these times, we have a critical role to play in our customers’ journey. In Southern California, we’re focused on making it quick and easy for policyholders to file claims online on the phone or in-person at mobile claims centers, accelerating customer payments. We remain proud of our role in removing the risk of uninsured loss for lenders, investors and homeowners through our housing offerings. As we look at housing’s results, we delivered sustained outperformance in 2024, benefiting from the strength of our homeowners and renters businesses, including the rollout of technology innovation to enhance our customer experience. Leveraging the segment’s differentiated advantages and efficiency initiatives, we have more than doubled our adjusted EBITDA in the past two years, growing the business from just over $400 million in 2022 and to over $900 million in 2024, excluding cats. Even including cats, housing has outperformed the P&C industry. Over the past five years, we’ve achieved an average return on equity of over 22% and our increased scale and efficiency has driven a 10-year average combined ratio of 89%, compared to the broader P&C market of 95%. With clear outperformance and expected growth ahead, the business has the opportunity to be better appreciated from a valuation perspective. 2024 was a remarkable year of commercial success across Assurant, marked by significant client momentum as we enter 2025. Strong execution enabled us to capture new opportunities while solidifying and extending key client relationships. Across our global footprint, we had several key wins, including Australia’s largest mobile carrier and two major financial institutions in the U.S. We renewed client relationships and reinforced our position as a leader and preferred partner throughout our businesses. In our mobile business within Connected Living, we completed major renewals in 2024 that represent three of the top five largest mobile carriers in the U.S. More recently, we also secured a multiyear renewal with a large mobile carrier in Japan. We’ve now renewed our four largest mobile clients in the last year, who represent over 40 million mobile devices protected, a testament to our ability to execute mobile protection programs across the globe. Within housing, we renewed 10 lender-placed clients, representing over 17 million loans tracked. And in renters, we completed renewals of 2 top 10 property management companies as we continue the rollout of key technology-enabled services like Cover360 and Assurant TechPro. These help increase policy attachment while enhancing the experience of our partners and renters. Ultimately, the continuing demand for our offerings and solutions, combined with our strong competitive edge, creates commercial momentum that will extend into 2025 and beyond. We believe in the power of our unique business-to-business to consumer or B2B2C business model. At our core, we’re a premier global protection company that partners with the world’s leading brands to safeguard and service connected devices, homes and automobiles, utilizing data-driven technology solutions to provide exceptional customer experiences. The common thread across our entire enterprise is our powerful B2B2C distribution strategy in both lifestyle and housing, where we have strong leadership positions in attractive markets. Through our differentiated distribution, strong public Fortune 500 company financials and unwavering emphasis on client transparency, we create deep partnerships with leading brands across the world. In addition, our commitment to continuously enhance customer experience through customized solutions that wrap around our protection products is built on decades of investment and ongoing innovation. This allows us to deeply integrate our technology and platforms with clients, supporting long-tenured partnerships and exceptional customer experiences. Since 2019, we’ve increased adjusted EBITDA by over $630 million or a 12% compounded annual growth rate while growing adjusted EPS by over $11 per share or an 18% compounded annual growth rate, both excluding catastrophes. As we look at our performance versus the broader P&C industry, we’ve continued to outperform the S&P 1500 P&C index median, both excluding and including cats, when comparing across adjusted earnings and EPS growth. Our compelling track record of outperformance includes eight consecutive years of profitable growth, demonstrating resiliency through various macroeconomic environments. In addition, our portfolio benefits from earnings and capital diversification across geographies and business lines, positioning us to continue to invest in and achieve future growth. We believe we’ll remain an attractive investment with a compelling path ahead, and we believe we should be valued at a premium to the S&P 1500 P&C index median. Before turning it over to Keith Meier to share additional insights on our results and review business trends, I want to highlight our strong momentum heading into 2025 and how we plan to deliver future growth. First, we’ll focus on executing, optimizing and scaling significant new partnerships and program launches throughout lifestyle and housing, where we invested last year. Overall, we believe our 2024 investments should be fully earned back through 2025 with an attractive one-year payback. Next, we’ll support incremental investments for new launches in our pipeline and accelerate emerging growth opportunities. In addition to our connected home product launch, we have new opportunities with several clients particularly in global lifestyle, and we look forward to sharing more details over the coming quarters. And finally, we’ll drive financial performance and operational excellence. We believe we’re well positioned to meet our 2025 objectives given the commercial momentum we have within Connected Living, long-term tailwinds in Global Auto and sustained outperformance in Global Housing. Overall, our ability to deliver for our clients, drive efficiencies across our operations and focus on data-driven technology solutions should enhance our position as a leader in the businesses that we operate and extend our compelling track record of financial performance. I will now turn it over to Keith.
Keith Meier: Thanks Keith. And good morning everyone. I’m proud of what we achieved in 2024, including the financial results delivered by our incredibly strong team. For the year, we increased adjusted EBITDA by 15% to over $1.5 billion, while growing adjusted earnings per share to over $20, both excluding cats. We have continued our long-term track record of growing earnings consistently demonstrating the power of Assurant. Our performance was highlighted by another exceptional year in Global Housing, where we delivered double digit earnings growth overall for the second consecutive year. Within Global Lifestyle, Connected Living grew 9% excluding $25 million of investments and $12 million of unfavorable foreign exchange. More importantly, we set a solid foundation for growth as we enter 2025. In Global Auto, targeted actions in our vehicle service contract and GAP products stabilized earnings in the second half of 2024 and we are excited about the trajectory of the business as we move into 2025. I’ll begin by highlighting key trends we saw in the fourth quarter. From there, I will walk through our 2025 outlook as we look to deliver our ninth consecutive year of profitable growth. Beginning with our fourth quarter enterprise results, adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share both increased 13% excluding cats led by Global Housing. Looking at capital, Global Lifestyle and Global Housing continue to generate significant cash flow, as we up-streamed nearly $250 million from our segments in the fourth quarter and over $800 million for the full year. We returned $161 million of that cash to our shareholders in the fourth quarter, which puts our total capital returned to shareholders for the year in excess of $450 million, including $300 million of share repurchases. Our buyback level was at the top end of our expectations for the year. At the same time, we ended the year in a strong capital position with $673 million of liquidity at the holding company. This past November, we increased our common stock dividend by 11%. The increase represented the 20th consecutive year we have raised our dividend since our IPO. In addition, we were just added to the S&P High Yield Dividend Aristocrats Index earlier this month. We are incredibly proud of this achievement and expect our strong capital returns to continue as part of our balanced capital deployment framework. Turning to our segment results, beginning with Global Lifestyle, fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was down 6% compared to last year or 5% on a constant currency basis. In Connected Living, earnings were roughly flat on a constant currency basis. Fourth quarter results included $4 million of incremental investments related to new capabilities and client partnerships that are expected to drive future growth. Investments in 2024 are already paying off as earnings from recently launched clients, including card benefits within our Financial Services business have begun to contribute to Connected Living’s fourth quarter performance. As Keith mentioned, we are now focused on scaling these partnerships for growth. These contributions were offset by lower U.S. trade-in programs. Year-over-year, trade-in results were impacted by business mix and lower volumes, however, we did see sequential trade-in growth as expected. Turning to Global Auto, in the quarter, results were down 11% compared to last year. The year-over-year decline was largely driven by lower real estate joint venture partnership income of $13.8 million. Fourth quarter 2023 included a more significant real estate joint venture gain compared to a smaller gain this year. Excluding this, results in Global Auto were largely flat as higher investment income was partially offset by elevated loss experience in both our GAP product and our vehicle service contract business compared to last year. Importantly, we continue to see claims experience remain stable from last quarter as previously implemented program changes and rate increases continue to earn through our book, leading to a sequential improvement in earnings. In terms of revenue, our net earned premiums, fees and other income for Global Lifestyle grew 2%, or approximately 6% on a constant currency basis. And excluding $85 million of favorable non-run rate premium adjustments in Global Automotive in fourth quarter 2023. Moving to Global Housing, fourth quarter results were strong building on an exceptional performance for the year. Adjusted EBITDA was $225 million which included $50 million of cat losses largely from Hurricane Milton. Excluding cats, adjusted EBITDA increased 32%. In the quarter, we saw a continuation of robust policy growth in homeowners from higher placement rates given voluntary insurance market pressure. As these additional policies are placed, we benefit from the significant expense leverage we have driven in this business from our technology investments. Earnings growth in the quarter also included impacts from favorable non-catastrophe losses due to lower frequency as well as lower catastrophe reinsurance costs. While we had favorable prior period reserve development of $38 million in the quarter, it was relatively consistent with fourth quarter 2023 and did not impact year-over-year growth trends. Within our Renters business we continued to benefit from strong results in our PMC channel which achieved its tenth consecutive quarter of double digit gross written premium growth. Now let’s discuss our outlook for 2025. We expect full year adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share to increase modestly, both excluding cats. Overcoming $107 million of favorable prior year reserve development in Housing’s 2024 results. Excluding the significant favorable PYD in 2024, strong underlying growth trends are expected to deliver high single-digit earnings and EPS growth, both excluding cats. Our outlook includes our forward view of foreign exchange rates and interest rates, but does not factor in potential impacts from tariffs including those related to claims costs or consumer demand. While tariffs could potentially affect claims costs, we believe we are well positioned to react quickly to address potential impacts. Over time, our business model has had a proven ability to deliver in the face of various economic environments and cycles. Looking at our segments for 2025, we expect Global Lifestyle growth driven by higher contributions from Connected Living and Global Automotive. Growth is expected to be partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates, as well as investments in new partnerships and programs in 2025. Combined, we expect foreign exchange and incremental investments to mute growth by a few percentage points. Turning to Global Housing, we expect EBITDA excluding cats to decline modestly, given the $107 million of favorable prior year reserve development seen in 2024. Excluding the impact of prior year development in 2024, on an underlying basis, we expect strong Global Housing EBITDA growth in 2025. As a reminder, our 2025 outlook does not contemplate additional year development. Underlying growth is expected to be driven by our Homeowners business which will continue to benefit from lender placed policy growth and expense leverage. For the recent wildfires in California, we remain focused on settling claims and helping our policyholders navigate through the event. Reportable catastrophes from the California wildfires are expected to approach or slightly exceed our per event catastrophe reinsurance program retention of $150 million. We’ll provide a further update in May as we learn more and continue to settle claims. In terms of other impacts to 2025, we are working through the placement of our catastrophe reinsurance program which will be effective on April 1. We expect a similar structure to our 2024 program, maintaining robust coverage at both the top and bottom end of our program. As the program terms are finalized, we will also get greater insights into our expected cat load for the year. We will provide an update in May on expectations which will be inclusive of our California Wildfire estimates. Our capital objectives for 2025 are consistent with prior years’ as we focus on maintaining balance and flexibility to support new business growth, while returning excess capital to shareholders. From a share repurchase perspective, our expected range for 2025 is between $200 million to $300 million subject to M&A, as well as market and other conditions. This range accounts for our estimated impact from the California Wildfires. Of course, we will continue to make sound capital allocation decisions over the course of the year as our track record has shown. Through February 7 we we’ve repurchased $24 million of shares. We expect buybacks to be more consistent throughout the year compared to back-end weighted in prior years driven by our confidence in our strong capital position and cash flow generation. And finally, speaking of cash flow generation, we believe Assurant is differentiated compared to the broader P&C industry given our unique lifestyle and housing portfolio, which creates strong capital efficiencies and the ability to reinvest for growth. In 2025, we expect to continue to generate meaningful cash flows aligned with our recent performance. Overall, we are proud of our consistent outperformance and feel well positioned to continue our growth trajectory in 2025. With that operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist. Please unmute your line and ask your question.
Keith Demmings : Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Good morning, Keith. I muted myself and then unmuted myself. Morning. On the Homeowners business, the placement rate has been looking quite good. Can you talk about the – what is a voluntary versus the lender placed? And do you still see the same dislocation in those markets that’s been pushing the voluntary, presumably, how much momentum does that give you for 2025?
Keith Demmings : Yes. Great question, and thanks for that. So I would say a couple of things. We’ve definitely seen really strong PIF growth on lender place throughout the year. That trend continues certainly in the fourth quarter. Year-over-year, we’re up 16% in terms of policies in force. And if I simplified that, I’d probably say a third of that is client growth and loan movement within clients. A third of that is California due to the hardening market and then the other third is the rest of the country growth from a similar dynamic. So we’ve definitely still seen hard insurance markets, creating opportunity for policy growth on our book of business. And we’ve seen a lot of diversification as well across geographies. So I think that likely continues. Certainly, the trend was pretty consistent in fourth quarter as we saw for the first three quarters. So expect some continued growth there, probably not at the same level that we’ve seen, but certainly feel good about the momentum overall in housing.
Mark Hughes: Then in Global Lifestyle, how do we think about the top line growth? Just kind of broadly, you’ve given good guidance on EBITDA. You’ve given some thoughts about customer growth, that sort of thing, but how do we think about top-line growth maybe in 2025 or just more broadly in lifestyle?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I mean if I think about lifestyle, the first thing I would highlight, and we covered it in the prepared remarks, but we are particularly excited on the Connected Living side, securing our mobile clients is really, really important and so fundamental to the business long-term. It then allows us to focus more energy with our partners to drive growth, to launch new products, to optimize customer experience. There’s a lot of energy around making sure we’re optimizing all the buy flows and touch points to serve consumers. So, I think that will be a catalyst for continued momentum certainly, on the Connected Living business, we saw Chase come on in the fourth quarter. That’s going to obviously drive financial services growth throughout the year. So I do think we’re well positioned. We’ve had pretty consistent lifestyle growth in terms of the top-line for the last few years. I think that growth continues as we move forward. And then in auto, it’s about the loss recovery and our ability to continue to see that mature and feel really good about how the second half of the year stabilized, obviously, more road to go, but feel like we’re well positioned. But Keith, anything else?
Keith Meier: No, I think it really speaks to the momentum that we have and the opportunities that we have as we look forward to 2025. We’ve talked about making some investments in 2024, and we certainly expect to do that again in 2025. It’s because of the momentum we’ve got in our markets, especially in Connected Living. So we certainly look forward to sharing more of those updates as we go through the year.
Mark Hughes: And one final quick one. The ForEx headwind for 2025, I think you said, with ForEx and investments a few percentage points. How about ForEx specifically?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think we’d probably say, foreign exchange, a couple of points of headwind. In terms of the investments, probably one to two points. If you think about 2024, just to kind of create context, we had $25 million of incremental investments. Roughly $10 million of that was Depot automation that we’ve talked about and the other $15 million or so, roughly two-thirds was client-related launches. So as we look at 2025, probably somewhere maybe approaching a similar level of investment in clients maybe slightly below. So we’ve got given the 1% to 2% headwind relative to lifestyle overall. But we do have some good things in the hopper with clients, new clients, existing clients, new product launches. And we’re certainly excited to update as we go through the year.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Schmitt [William Blair & Company]. Please unmute your line and ask your question.
Keith Demmings: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Schmitt: Can you hear me?
Keith Demmings: Perfectly.
Jeff Schmitt: Hi good morning. So the placement rate in housing, just one more question on that. Are you seeing a lot of insurers fleet, California after the fires. So could we maybe see that kind of jump in Q1?
Keith Meier: Yes. And I think overall for California, Jeff, there was a moratorium put on in California so that the insurers would not be leaving, the wildfires just taking place. So we think that will temper some of that for a while. And then I’m sure that will open back up later. But for right now, in the short term, I would say, we don’t expect a lot of exits from the state.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay. And then in Global Auto, are you still seeing elevated losses in that GAAP book? And how much did that contribute to the loss ratio in the quarter?
Keith Meier: Yes. So from a GAAP perspective, Jeff, we’ve seen it stabilize. From the third quarter to the fourth quarter, it was flat to maybe slightly better. So I think from that perspective, I think that also points to why we feel good about where we’re going for 2025, and that we’ve signaled that we see growth in auto as we go through this year.
Keith Demmings: Yes. And maybe just 1 add-on comment as we think about GAAP and we’ve talked about this, when we look at the written business we expect to put on in 2025 will largely be off of most – not quite all, but close to all of the risks that we write. So that will definitely change that dynamic longer term and create more stability in our approach.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay. Any sense on the size of that impact that we could have just in the quarter or the last two quarters really?
Keith Meier: I would say just maybe $1 million or $2 million better for this quarter, Jeff, but pretty stable.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tommy McJoynt with KBW. Please ask your question.
Keith Demmings: Good morning. Tommy.
Keith Meier: Hi, Tommy.
Tommy McJoynt: Hey good morning. Yes, another question on the investment spend. You called out the $25 million last year. And I just want to understand your comments about the payback period is effectively being one year. So are you saying that those new programs are generating $25 million of positive EBITDA in 2025 to fully out that really $25 million drag in 2024. Is that – am I understanding that right?
Keith Demmings: Perfectly. That’s exactly what we’re saying.
Tommy McJoynt: Okay. And the new investment spend for 2025, what types of programs are those? And are those related to the one last year, I think, related to Chase and travel benefits? Or what can you say about the new plans?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I would say entirely separate from the clients that we signaled last year. And obviously, we had T-Mobile also roll [indiscernible] in the fourth quarter that we would have been investing in last year as well. So we’re typically telling you about the things sort of after they become public in the market. But if we look at the potential for kind of one point to two points of headwind relative to those investments in 2025, it will be net new things that we haven’t discussed yet. With marquee brands and clients that I think you would very much recognize. So we’re super excited. We don’t want to get in front of ourselves. There’s a lot of ongoing contracting with clients, launch plans, technology investment. So there’s always a lot in the works, but we have a really, really strong pipeline in 2025. And I’d say it’s similar types of things with different clients, obviously in 2025.
Keith Meier: Yes. And I think, Tom, one thing you can expect is, just like we did last year, as we make those investments through 2025 we’ll be very transparent about what they were and the benefits in the clients that came as a result. So we’ll be sharing that with you and connecting that to the investments as we go through the year.
Tommy McJoynt: Okay. Got it. And then switching over to the Housing side. With the higher placement rates and seemingly ever rising average matured value, that segment continues to generate a lot of scale. Does that increase scale? And I guess, just combined with really strong underlying performance on the underwriting side, does that change your outlook for the combined ratio in that segment?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think what I would say, if we look at 2025, even with the California fires, and we size that at slightly less than or slightly more than $150 million of overall losses. We think we’re still going to be in that mid-80s combined for the full year of 2025 and we think that’s a really, really strong result. Obviously, the dynamics changed. So we’ll see longer term what we think the right long-term target is for that. But feel really good. And again, we’ll deliver north of 20% ROEs in that business as well. And to your point, not only have we seen a lot of growth, but we’ve created a lot of expense leverage, invested a lot in technology and that’s helped us deliver pretty strong outperformance. So we’ll kind of reassess as we go forward. But if we look at 2025, we think rates will be relatively neutral to us this year. We’re not seeing big increases certainly in rate, but that will ebb and flow, and we’ll monitor that as we go.
Tommy McJoynt: Great. Thanks, Keith.
Keith Demmings: You bet, Tommy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from James Chmiel with Piper Sandler. Please ask your question.
Keith Demmings: Morning.
James Chmiel: Good morning.
Operator: James, please unmute your line and ask your question.
James Chmiel: Hello. Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity.
Keith Demmings: Good morning.
James Chmiel: How should we be thinking of reinsurance renewal cost and the ability to get additional rate through regulators in impacted geography?
Keith Demmings: So maybe, Keith will start on reinsurance, I’ll hit on rate.
Keith Meier: Yes. So from a reinsurance perspective, we were at about $186 million for 2024 that included in the first quarter a benefit when we went to the single placement of about $15 million. So that would move you to around $200 million for the reinsurance. And then we’re going through the process right now, and we’re currently evaluating our program structure. And we expect to maintain a relatively consistent program retention, historically, a one in five probable maximum loss. So with the volumes being up a little bit, we think the pricing should be pretty favorable as well. So it will probably be up a little bit for the volumes from there, maybe slightly better on the, on level pricing. But what we’ll definitely do for you is give more details on the final program as we get into our next earnings call.
Keith Demmings: Yes. And I think we’ve got a really, really strong track record. Our program has certainly outperformed the market generally for our reinsurance partners. We’ve got a really diverse panel of reinsurers, and I think our relationships are incredibly strong. So expect that to continue as we go forward. And then as we think about rate and the ability to get rate on the housing side, I’d say we obviously file our rates at a state level. Those rates are reviewed and approved, and we’ve had a really good track record of getting appropriate rates relative to the risk that we write no reason to believe that won’t continue to be true as we go forward. And I think we’ve had a long history of doing that. So not a point of concern and certainly a normal part of our process.
James Chmiel: Perfect. Thank you for the color. My follow-up question is regarding tariffs. How does this impact your view on input costs for the businesses of lifestyle? And how should we be thinking of the FX impact in 2025? Thank you.
Keith Demmings: You bet. Thank you. So we haven’t baked anything into our guide for the year relative to tariffs just because of the uncertainty that surrounds it and it’s ever evolving. So, but we did certainly think about foreign exchange. We thought about interest rates. We try to include assumptions around those elements, which obviously tariffs have an impact on. So that’s certainly baked into our 2025 view. And then what I would say on tariffs is certainly the bigger effects for us would be longer term, is there a drop in consumer demand with elevated pricing, that’s something we’ll monitor. It will have a longer-term effect certainly in terms of financial impact. The bigger short-term impact would be rising input costs around claims, parts and materials what I would highlight is we saw a significant amount of inflation in 2022 in housing and because our product is built with an automatic inflation guard feature, we’ve always got the ability to get rate. We took a lot of action around product and efficiency. The recovery from that has been quite strong in the last two years. So I feel really good about our long-term ability to get to a good place. And then the other side would be the auto business. We’ve seen elevated CPI on auto repairs in the last couple of years. We’ve built a really strong muscle with our clients in terms of regular reviews, monthly reviews around loss ratios, claims costs, by location, by geography, that will continue to be true. And if there’s elevated input costs around tariffs, we’ll continue to run the playbook that we’ve been running. It doesn’t change our long-term view around the strength of this business fundamentally. But what would you add?
Keith Meier: Yes. And I think going through the inflation environments for auto and for housing has really helped us develop a tremendous amount of rigor around navigating any changes in inflation. A good example is in our housing business, we used to have an inflation guard adjustment that would be – that would take place once a year. And now – and across all the 50 states now, we actually can do it quarterly, and we do it by state. So, I think those are the types of things that as you go through those times, you actually can come out of it stronger and better. And I think that’s a good example of what we’ve been able to do after the last couple of years.
Operator: Our last question will come from Mark Hughes with Truist. Please ask your question.
Keith Demmings: Hey Mark, you got back in.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Yes, I love it. The prior year development in the fourth quarter was the driver of that similar to what you saw earlier in the year?
Keith Meier: Yes. So I think the short answer is probably yes. The key thing Mark, is it really relates to a couple of things. One, certainly, coming out of the inflationary environment for the last couple of years, that’s really what’s contributed to our prior our prior year development in 2024. And then I think there is also an element of – we also saw moments of frequencies being lower than expected. A good example is there was a quarter in the last couple of years, that was one of the lowest frequency quarters from a historical perspective for us. So there’s a couple of those dynamics that I would say we’re playing into the reserves for the last year or so. But overall, I think we’re appropriately reserved and in a good position for the future.
Keith Demmings: Yes. And I think if you look at the housing business and you sort of walked out the $107 million of PYD this year and then you walked out the $54 million of PYD last year, you’re still at a 28% growth rate for the full year. So at every level, the housing business has outperformed, no matter how you look at it.
Mark Hughes: Am I right in thinking the fourth quarter ex-cat prior year development, loss ratio was very good. Do you assume that will continue into the in 2025? I know you said the mid-80s combined. I assume that has – does that have cats in it or not? And should we think that 4Q? Is it something that you can run rate? Or is that an anomaly?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think our best view as we think about 2025 would be non-cat loss ratio in the high 30s an expense ratio in the high 30s and probably 10-ish points of cat given the California wildfires in the first quarter. So probably a little bit better non-cat loss ratio trend that we’ve seen a little bit higher cat load, probably gets you right back to a similar spot in mid-80s.
Keith Meier: Yes. And maybe just to add – I’m just going to say, maybe just to add the 10 points, just the way to think about it is, give or take, $150 million on the wildfires. Last year, we did $155 million cat load in. So, we expect that to be a little higher this year with the growth. But if you add those together, we expect it to be somewhere in the low 300s, and we’ll finalize that more specifically on the next earnings call.
Mark Hughes: And then you talked about the opportunity to be better appreciated, Keith, in your opening comments, and I know you gave a lot of good statistics about your performance relative to industry metrics. Anything more specific you had in mind when you think about the opportunity to be better appreciated some action on your part or positioning of the company? Just that phrase my attention.
Keith Demmings: Yes. Yes, we probably used similar phrases in different ways at different times. I think certainly, the market appreciates the lifestyle business, it’s more capital-light, fee income, et cetera. And I think what sometimes gets missed is the strength – the fundamental strength of the housing business and the housing franchise over the long term. It’s been a really, really strong performer. It’s well risk managed. We’ve demonstrated considerable resiliency. It’s much less volatile. And we’re delivering – we talked about it on the prepared remarks, a 10-year combined ratio of 89% against any measure that is outperforming the market, the industry. If you look at pure homeowner’s companies, it’d even be a more dramatic differential versus just looking at a wider cross-section across P&C. So I think the business is incredibly powerful. I think it scales well. It’s deeply integrated and it’s not a traditional product. It’s the services that we deliver that complement the core insurance products that differentiate us. And I think it’s on Assurant to help tell that story and just further educate the secret sauce of what we do and how we create value because our story is consistent, whether it’s mobile, whether it’s auto or housing, how we add value for partners is really unique, super differentiated and hard to replicate. And it scales incredibly well because we’re partnered with the who’s who, the leaders in the market and the market consolidator. So, we’ve got to continue to tell that story and that’s what we’ll do as we go forward.
Mark Hughes: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Thank you. And I think that was the last question. So we’ll go ahead and say thank you, everybody, for joining, and we’ll look forward to providing more updates on our next earnings call in May. Thanks very much. Have a great day.
Keith Meier: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Sean Moshier, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Sean Moshier: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look-forward to discussing our third quarter 2024 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Keith Meier, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release, announcing our results for the third quarter 2024. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. Also, on our website is a slide presentation for our webcast participants. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by those statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in the earnings release, presentation, and financial supplement on our website, as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and supporting materials. We'll start today's call with remarks before moving into Q&A. I will now turn the call over to Keith Demmings.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results further supported our strong year-to-date performance. Through the first nine months of the year, adjusted EBITDA increased by 15% and adjusted EPS grew by 21%, both excluding catastrophes. Results were led by sustained outperformance within Global Housing, as well as underlying growth within our Connected Living business, which was muted by incremental investments in new partnerships and programs and unfavorable foreign-exchange. Our year-to-date momentum has positioned us to exceed our previous expectations. Excluding catastrophes, we now expect adjusted EBITDA to increase low-double-digits for the second consecutive year and adjusted earnings per share to increase mid to high teens, led by business growth and strong share repurchases. Once again, we've outperformed the broader P&C industry, both short and long-term, reflecting the unique and differentiated nature of our combined housing and lifestyle business model. Let's begin with our year-to-date business highlights. In Global Lifestyle, year-to-date performance was relatively flat versus the prior-period, reflecting elevated claims experience in global automotive as well as impacts from unfavorable foreign exchange of 2% or $10 million, above our expectations from earlier in the year. Within Connected Living, year-to-date adjusted EBITDA increased 3% or 5% on a constant-currency basis as we continue to invest in new partnerships and programs to support future growth. Excluding investments of approximately $21 million for the first-nine months of the year, Connected Living adjusted EBITDA growth was strong at 11% on a constant-currency basis. One prime example of those investments includes our new innovation and device care center located just outside of Nashville, supporting our mobile business. In addition to repurposing millions of devices per year, the new state of the art facility employs innovative ways to leverage automation, robotics and AI. This will create greater value within our global supply-chain while driving growth in the secondary device market. The Nashville facility demonstrates our investments in innovation, allowing us to continuously improve our customer experience as we operate through end-to-end partnerships with our mobile clients, a critical competitive advantage for Assurant. Within financial services, on October 1, we launched a new program with Chase Card Services in our growing card benefits business. Beginning at program launch, we're providing end-to-end delivery for approximately 15 travel and purchase protection benefits, including underwriting, claims processing and benefit servicing to millions of Chase Card holders. We're excited about several new clients and programs targeted for 2025, adding to our growing portfolio. Similar to '24, these new opportunities may require incremental investments. Moving to Global Automotive. Our Auto business has experienced elevated claims costs in both our vehicle service contract business and our GAAP product throughout 2024. Over the past two quarters, we've started to see some positive early signs with the stabilization of underlying claims severity trends in our vehicle service contract business. Claims inflation impacts have begun to moderate and our loss ratio is beginning to benefit from rate increases we've taken over the past two years. Within our GAAP product, elevated losses have continued as anticipated, but we continue to expect higher claims to be short-term in nature in comparison to the vehicle service contract business. In addition, our proactive partnership with several clients to enable us to transition most of the risk and reduce a large portion of our claims exposure over-time. We remain focused on driving actions to improve Auto results while benefiting from moderating inflation impacts in 2025 and beyond. We're excited about the long-term trajectory of this business. Now let's turn to Global Housing. I want to begin by thanking all of our employees who supported policyholders impacted by recent weather events over the last several months, including multiple major hurricanes. We play an important role in safeguarding our policyholders as we processed approximately 35,000 claims to date associated with these events. It's an important reminder of the critical role our lender-placed product plays in the U.S. mortgage industry, removing the risk of uninsured loss for lenders, investors and homeowners. It's crucial to provide all homeowners with access to insurance. For that reason, we continue to work closely with each state to offer coverage and protection to homeowners at appropriate rates. Looking at Global Housing's year-to-date results, we've demonstrated continued strong performance, particularly within our homeowners' business. Over the first-nine months of the year, earnings increased 34% excluding reportable catastrophes. In our lender-placed business, we continue to benefit from key competitive advantages, utilizing various growth levers over the past two years to sustain results, including meaningful expense leverage, scale from new partners and product safeguards to address macroeconomic factors like inflation. Results were driven primarily by continued policy growth as the placement rate increased to 1.92%, a 12 basis-point improvement since year end and a 6 basis-point improvement sequentially. Policy growth has been led by several new partnerships and portfolios as well as from states where it's become more difficult to secure voluntary homeowners coverage. Within renters, adjusted EBITDA has also shown year-to-date growth, supported by continued expansion in our Property Management Company or PMC channel. Growth in our PMC channel has been supported by technology innovation aimed at enhancing our digital customer experience. This has included the rollouts of Assurant TechPro and our Cover360 platform, leading to higher penetration with a simplified resident enrollment process. Overall, the housing business has benefited from our unique competitive advantages throughout lender-placed and renters, showcasing its resiliency and outperformance over various macroeconomic environments. Turning to our enterprise outlook. As I mentioned earlier, given the strength of our year-to-date results, we now expect full-year adjusted EBITDA to grow low-double-digits and adjusted earnings per share to increase mid to high teens, both excluding catastrophes. This represents an increase to both metrics above our expectations, demonstrating the continued strength of our financial performance. For the year, we continue to anticipate strong growth within Global Housing with modest growth expected in Global Lifestyle as we fund incremental investments in Connected Living. Our ability to sustain profitable growth year-after-year is a true reflection of our unique and advantaged business model. Assurant's performance is the result of a multi-year transformation, which has significantly enhanced our business mix, risk profile and market positioning. We've simplified and optimized Assurant to focus on specialized attractive markets with long-term secular tailwinds within lifestyle and housing, while selling pre-need and employee benefits and exiting health and other non-core businesses. In the markets we operate in, we have leadership positions and competitive advantages through our protection solutions across devices, automobiles and homes. We are well-positioned to win due to our highly scaled and deeply integrated B2B2C partnerships where we work with our clients to innovate and create flexible solutions for their end consumers. At the same time, we've enhanced Assurant's risk profile by focusing on capital-efficient businesses within lifestyle and housing. Through purposeful transformation, we've enhanced our ability to drive long-term performance and cash generation, attracting growth partnerships with large sophisticated clients and become increasingly more capital-efficient. I'm proud of the long-term outperformance we've achieved against the broader P&C market. Slide 10 demonstrates our historical outperformance, including a five-year history of double-digit growth. Based on our current outlook for 2024, annual growth rates since 2019 are expected to average 11% for adjusted EBITDA and 17% for adjusted EPS, both excluding catastrophes. Given our historical performance and our unique and differentiated business model, we believe we have meaningful valuation upside, in particular, as compared to the S&P 1500 P&C Index, a broad index of 32 members now including Assurant. Overall, we see a compelling path for growth ahead and believe Assurant represents an attractive investment. I'll now turn it over to Keith Meier to review our third quarter results and business trends impacting our 2024 outlook.
Keith Meier: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. This November marks the conclusion of my first year as CFO of Assurant. When I began this role, I outlined my key priorities, including driving growth and strong financial performance with a focus on innovation and product differentiation. These priorities have been supported by our continuous efforts to drive expense efficiencies through automation, digital and AI technologies, while improving overall customer experience as well as ensuring our capital position remains strong, providing us with the flexibility to create value and support long-term growth. Over the past year, we have made significant progress. First, looking at growth and financial performance, our B2B2C partnerships are the lifeblood of our business model and the primary driver behind our growth story. Over the past 12 months, we've spotlighted several notable client announcements, such as renewing all major U.S. mobile clients, including three of the top-five largest mobile carriers in the U.S., launching new programs and capabilities with existing clients like Spectrum Mobile and winning new partnerships with Chase, Telstra in Australia and another leading U.S. bank within our lender-placed business. Second, we have focused on expense discipline as we've continued to drive efficiencies across the organization by utilizing automation, digital and AI technologies. This has enabled us to deliver a better customer experience and invest in new capabilities while driving profitable growth. As an example, we believe our new device care center in Nashville, combined with the numerous investments we've made across the end-to-end mobile device lifecycle, will continue to support new growth opportunities in Global Lifestyle. In Global Housing, the scale we've achieved through growth and ongoing investing in our technology and compliance solutions have resulted in meaningful operational efficiencies and expense leverage as seen in the compelling expense ratios we've achieved. Global Housing's expense ratio is at a sustainable level in the high 30s, improving by approximately 3 percentage points year-to-date compared to full-year 2023 and nearly 9 percentage points since 2022, all while we improved the customer experience. And lastly, amidst a fast-changing macroeconomic environment as well as a year with multiple catastrophes, our capital position has remained very strong. Despite higher-than-average cat losses, we expect to return $300 million to shareholders through share repurchases in 2024. This is the top end of our anticipated range from the beginning of the year. The combination of our strong capital position, investments to support growth and robust shareholder returns is a testament to our balanced capital management focus and the strong cash flows of our advantaged businesses. As we look ahead, my focus will be to continue to execute against these priorities to drive growth. Turning to our third quarter results. Adjusted EBITDA grew 8% to $385 million and adjusted earnings per share increased by 9% to $5.08, both excluding reportable catastrophes. From a capital perspective, we generated over $160 million of segment dividends in the third quarter, ending the quarter with $636 million of holding company liquidity. Our strong capital position allowed us to return $138 million to shareholders in the quarter, including $100 million of share repurchases. In addition, we repurchased $20 million of shares during the month of October. This amounts to $200 million of share repurchases year-to-date. Looking at Global Lifestyle, adjusted EBITDA decreased 4%. In Connected Living, we saw another quarter of growth in global mobile protection programs, increasing devices protected by over 2 million subscribers from growth in U.S. cable operators and new Asia-Pacific clients. This was offset by investments in the quarter of approximately $8 million in new capabilities and client partnerships that are expected to drive future growth. International results were impacted by unfavorable foreign-exchange, but remained stable on a constant-currency basis as we focus on driving results across all regions. Trading results were largely flat as declines in carrier volumes and lower promotional activity were offset by volumes from newer programs. Turning to Global Auto. Earnings were down modestly year-over-year, mainly from elevated losses within our ancillary GAAP products, which was partially offset by higher investment income. Claims experienced from inflation in our vehicle service contract business was stable as previously implemented rate increases across our client base have begun to moderate the impacts of higher auto repair costs. Moving to net earned premiums, fees and other income. Global Lifestyle grew by $144 million or 7%. Growth was primarily driven by Connected Living, which was up 13%, benefiting from new trading programs and additional mobile subscribers, including the rollout of new clients. We continue to expect Global Lifestyles adjusted EBITDA to grow modestly for the year, driven by Connected Living. Growth will be offset by lower results within Global Auto and unfavorable foreign-exchange rates. For the fourth quarter, we expect a sequential increase in Connected Living from favorable seasonal trends, including higher mobile trade-in volumes from new device introductions and carrier promotions. In addition, we anticipate higher contributions from new Connected Living partners and programs as they begin to earn. Global Auto earnings are expected to remain stable sequentially. Now let's move to Global Housing's third quarter performance. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA, including $137 million of reportable catastrophes, was $92 million. Excluding reportable cats, adjusted EBITDA increased 20% to $229 million, growing $38 million. Global Housing performance was mainly driven by policy growth due to higher placement rates from the net impacts of ongoing client and portfolio transitions and increased voluntary insurance market pressure. In addition, average premiums increased from higher insured values year-over-year and filed rates. Lastly, results benefited from $30 million of favorable year-over-year prior-period reserve development. This was comprised of a $45 million reserve reduction in the current quarter compared to a $15 million reserve reduction in the third quarter of 2023. The increase in Global Housing was partially offset by a $28 million unfavorable non-run rate adjustment related to a change in earnings pattern assumptions. Within our renters business, we benefited from continued strong results in our PMC channel, where we drove double-digit gross written premium growth. We continue to expect strong adjusted EBITDA growth in Global Housing for full-year 2024, excluding catastrophes. We anticipate growth will be driven by continued top-line momentum in homeowners, expense leverage, favorable non-cat loss experience and lower catastrophe reinsurance costs. Lastly, as we look-ahead to our fourth quarter results, we continue to settle claims and serve policyholders associated with Hurricane Milton. Early estimates indicate that impacts will range between $75 million to $110 million. For Corporate, the adjusted EBITDA loss in the third quarter was $30 million, an increase of $4 million year-over-year, driven by higher third-party and employee-related expenses. For the full-year 2024, we now expect the corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to be approximately $115 million. We generated significant deployable capital year-to-date, upstreaming $556 million in segment dividends. Looking forward to the remainder of the year, we remain focused on maintaining balance and flexibility as we support new business growth and return excess capital to shareholders. Overall, we're very pleased with our strong year-to-date performance in 2024 and feel well-positioned as we exit the year and move into 2025. With that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will come from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thank you.
Keith Demmings: Good morning. Brian.
Keith Meier: Good morning.
Brian Meredith: A couple -- good morning. A couple of questions here for you. First one, perhaps on Global Housing, all the catastrophe losses that we've been seeing, how are you thinking about pricing for that business when you head into 2025. And I'm assuming your cat reinsurance program since it doesn't appear you're going to have any kind of retention get into the program should be beneficial, should be good in 2025? So maybe you can give us a little color on that?
Keith Demmings: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then Keith Meier can chip in. But obviously, we feel really good about the reinsurance program that we have in place. And you're right, as we look at the effect of Milton and the other storms we've had through the year, it's been an active season, but we've not touched the reinsurance tower to this point. So I think that sets us up well in terms of favorability with our reinsurance partners. We've talked about having a panel of 40 reinsurers that have been very stable over-time. So I think we feel good heading into next year as we think about reinsurance costs. And then as we think about the rate process, obviously, we'll look at all of our losses over the course of the year, cat and non-cat, expense levels, reinsurance costs. So we look at the pricing heading into next year being relatively stable to what we've seen this year. So don't think that there'll be a big shift in premium as we head into '25.
Keith Meier: Yes. And I think we're certainly continuing to evaluate our program structure for our reinsurance cat tower. We'll share more of the details of that in February with our 2025 outlook. But in general, we expect to continue to approach our one in five probable maximum loss point for retention, which is $150 million this year. And we -- the good news is we haven't touched that tower this year. So, we certainly think with it not hitting the tower that that should be a positive as we look-forward to rates in 2025. And just as a reminder, we've moved to an effective date of April 1 for our one-time placement for our reinsurance programs as well.
Brian Meredith: Got you. That makes sense. And then, Keith and Keith, I was wondering if you could give me -- give us maybe a little bit of a preview of what you're thinking about for 2025 and Global Lifestyles. You've got a bunch of these new programs hitting and I'm assuming they'll have a nice tailwind from a growth and margin perspective as we look at 2025. Maybe a little big picture what we may be able to expect.
Keith Demmings: Sure. Yes, I'll give you a few highlights as we think about '25. Obviously, we need to close out Q4 and see where the underlying performance comes in, look at the trends et-cetera and then what we will obviously provide detailed guidance in February. But stepping back at the high-level, certainly we expect to accelerate Global Lifestyle growth in '25. I would say growth will certainly come in Connected Living. We've made a lot of investments in '24. Those investments won't continue in '25 and obviously we'll start to generate revenue and EBITDA from those client launches and the efficiency that we're driving. And then we've got good underlying strong momentum in the business overall. And then as I think about Auto, we definitely expect growth in Auto in '25 as well. We expect the business will benefit from higher earnings from the rate increases that we've implemented over the last couple of years and then stabilizing inflation levels. One thing I would mention, we do expect some additional incremental investments in '25. There are a number of things that we're actively working on similar to '24, net-new clients, net-new program launches, things that have not yet been disclosed to the market. So we'll preview that as well in '25. So think about the '24 investments really sunsetting the revenue and EBITDA flowing through. And then hopefully, if we have continued great momentum with clients, we'll have some other big exciting things that we'll be bringing to market in '25 as well. And then maybe I'll just touch on housing since we'll close out the '25 thoughts. I mean, it's been an incredible 2024, really the last couple of years in housing. As we think about '25, probably the simplest way to say it is net of the prior year development that we've seen, we do expect solid underlying growth in-housing in '25. And I'd say driven from the growth we've seen in terms of our policy counts, continued increases in average insured values and then momentum around expense leverage in the business. So more to come in February, but those are a few of the high-level thoughts.
Brian Meredith: Okay, thank you.
Keith Demmings: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist.
Keith Demmings: Hi, Mark. Good morning.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you very much. Good morning. The voluntary business that you're picking-up, can you talk about that is the momentum still building in voluntary, the markets that you're seeing success are still dislocated, how do you see that trend?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I think when we look at - yes, and really we're highlighting the impact around the placement rate. So we look at the placement rate is up 6 basis-points sequentially, it's up 18 basis-points year-over-year. So we've seen a lot of momentum with respect to that. And I would say it's probably equal parts growth in the underlying business. We obviously onboarded a major new client earlier this year. We've seen growth within our existing client bases of acquired loans, acquired portfolios. And then the other half of that growth is a result of additional policies being placed because homeowners are being more challenged to find traditional voluntary coverage. So we've talked about that hard market factor being part of the drivers for the placement rate growth, less so challenges more broadly in the economy, challenges in terms of delinquency and those types of things, those are really not factoring in at least at this point. So that's what we've tried to highlight is it's a function of the hard market that we're seeing around the country.
Mark Hughes: In the device counts, you had a nice acceleration this quarter. I think you talked about the new Asia-Pacific clients. Did they come over kind of in math or will this growth continue?
Keith Demmings: The step-change we saw earlier in the year, at this point in Q3, this is a more natural evolution. So we've seen continued steady growth both in our domestic business. We rolled-out some new products earlier this year with one of our major cable partners, that's generated a significant momentum. And then, of course, building as well in Asia-Pacific. But that was more of a natural evolution from the finish point at Q2 and those blocks had already sort of step changed earlier in the year.
Mark Hughes: Yes. And then on the GAAP, higher-than-expected, the GAAP losses. When does that run-through? When do you either reinsure that away or get enough price to offset the claims experience?
Keith Meier: Yes. So we mentioned before that the impact from GAAP is shorter-term in nature versus the vehicle service contracts. Those claims are usually heavier in the first 24 months or so. And we've been partnering with our clients to eliminate or reduce the risk on those businesses. And just as an example, from a written premium perspective, in 2022, 40% of the business, we had some risk participation. And then in 2024, it's down to just 12%. So overall, as we look into 2025, with all the actions that we've taken across our vehicle service contracts and GAAP, we expect Auto to improve as we as we move forward. And I think overall, I think we get a sense that the pressure is declining, certainly for Auto.
Keith Demmings: Yes. And maybe I'll just amplify. I think we talked about starting this process of looking at reshaping the risk that we hold relative to GAAP going back two years ago. So we started this process early. And as Keith highlighted, a pretty big reduction in the amount of risk that we're writing today. So really it's just a question of running off the unearned part of the business. But as Keith said, it's much shorter-term in nature. So it shouldn't be a headwind as we think about '25.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tommy McJoynt with KBW.
Keith Demmings: Hi, Tommy.
Keith Meier: Hello.
Tommy McJoynt: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. When we think about the subscribers that you guys are adding, I think largely calling out the cable operators in the Asia-Pacific region, is the sort of monetization opportunity of those customers any different than the traditional sort of carrier customer that represented your in force for a long-time?
Keith Demmings: No, I think it's pretty well-aligned. I mean, obviously, every deal with clients work differently. But no, I'd say it's very much aligned with the standard operating model. Obviously, we're pleased to see the subscriber growth pretty material year-over-year and then continuing to build certainly in the quarter. But no, I wouldn't say it's dramatically different than sort of the average of the total, Tommy.
Tommy McJoynt: Okay, got it. And then to clarify your comments around the investment spend in Connected Living, I think you called out $21 million of spend year-to-date. And it sounds like that investment spend is sunsetting this year, but then it's going to be replaced by sort of additional or new investment spend next year for new programs. Can you just clarify the comments around that?
Keith Demmings: Yes, that's exactly right. So we've got, to your point, $21 million year-to-date. We had about $8 million that we called out in the third quarter. We'll see a little bit more in the fourth quarter, probably moderating a little bit from kind of where we sit today. As I think about '24, two-thirds of that investment spend I'm simplifying is related to new client launches. Think about the launches with Telstra, Spectrum, Chase, some other things that we probably haven't highlighted. And then a third of it is the work that we've done to really automate and invest in our new device care center. So all of those programs are sort of delivered this year. Those don't recur and then we get all the benefit in terms of revenue, EBITDA and efficiency. And then to your point, we will have additional new investments, which I think is a really good thing, right. If we're making -- and we're only calling out investments that are meaningful and that are designed to launch net-new things in the marketplace that have strong payback and that are going to generate EBITDA and revenue once they launch. So we'll size that again in February, Tommy, to give everyone a sense of how we think about that, but there's a lot of things in our pipeline. Our commercial momentum, particularly in Connected Living is incredibly strong. So, this would be a really good thing if we've got another bucket of investment similar to what we did this year.
Tommy McJoynt: Thanks. And then just lastly in Connected Living, the fourth quarter guide seems to imply some pretty good strength there. What's sort of contemplated around trade-in volumes and perhaps the sensitivity around this iPhone upgrade cycle? Should we think of this as an unusually strong fourth quarter or is this some -- is this something I can repeat in kind of future years?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I'd probably say that when we look at the sequential growth in Connected Living going into Q4, trade-in seasonality and Keith can speak to it in a second, we definitely would expect to see that. We've got benefit from the new clients that we've launched, a little bit moderating expenses, but revenues flowing through. We also see seasonal loss improvements in the retail service contract business as well. So there's a few drivers that will create a sequential improvement in Connected Living, but maybe Keith talk a little bit about trading.
Keith Meier: Yes. And I think as you think about trade-in, we -- I think we saw a little bit of softness in trade-in and promotional activity, offset by some newer programs in this quarter. If you think about it, the iPhone 16 launched on September 20th, but the first set of Apple Intelligence features were rolled out on October 28. So we certainly expect more promotional activity as we come into the fourth quarter. I think it was muted a little bit in the third quarter, but we expect that to pick up here in the fourth quarter.
Tommy McJoynt: Thanks.
Keith Demmings: Great, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have no one else in the queue.
Keith Demmings: Alright, wonderful. Well, thanks, everyone...
Operator: Apologies, we do. John Barnidge from Piper Sandler just raised his hand.
Keith Demmings: Oh, John, just in time. Good morning.
John Barnidge: Yes, good morning. Sorry. Yes, must not have captured the first star nine, but got a couple questions. Appreciate you fitting me in. Given we've got past experience of improving profitability meaningfully in Global Housing, I'm wondering if there are some lessons here that can be transferred to Global Auto? With rate increases having an impact on profitability, should we expect there to be a period of favorable reserve development in that business over-time at all?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I mean, I think -- I'd probably say a couple of things where we've been through these cycles before for a variety of different reasons where maybe losses are elevated in different periods. I think our track-record of working through this with clients is exceptionally strong. The alignment of interest, the contracting got in place. So, Auto is a little different because of the nature of the product. It's longer-term in nature. So it takes a longer effort to kind of get it back to profitability where housing is an annual policy, but there's no doubt the lessons learned through housing. If you think back to a couple of years ago, simplified the business, drove a tremendous amount of focus on the core, didn't just attack the issue from a rate perspective, but look to drive operational efficiency, expense efficiency. And I think we're doing those same things on the auto side. So we're addressing it multiple ways. We're strengthening the business at a fundamental level as a result of some of the changes we're making. And we feel confident that we'll create some longer-term tailwinds. I don't think there'll be major step changes in terms of reserving releases over-time, but I'll let Keith speak to that.
Keith Meier: Yes. And I would say just in general, these types of challenges just make us stronger in terms of the rigor and the -- and the actions that we take in that business. So I think that always does provide us some positive impacts as you look-forward. Just if you think about for Auto, we implemented 16 now total rate changes with our clients. So we've been working with our clients to do that. And then we also redesign products to make them more effective for the consumer and as well. So I think being able to pull all the levers that we have, I think our examples of there's different levers, as Keith mentioned in housing versus Auto, but I think it's a lot of that similar element. And so it's not so much the reserves for auto, it's more of the earnings of those rates that will be coming through over the next few years that provides us the little bit of tailwind there for Auto business.
John Barnidge: And then my other question, you've had quite a lot of success taking wins in one business and winning in another business. I think Chase was a good example of that this year. Is there an opportunity to offer mobile coverage or other coverage to clients where you've won that global housing business? I know I get Hulu, Netflix and Apple TV with my mobile device. Wondering if there can be a bundling in the card and housing in mobile?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I mean, it's definitely an interesting thought and we always think about how do we leverage the relationships that we've got and you think about the strength of Assurant, certainly it's the B2B to see nature of the business. But the fact that we operate across a wide number of distribution channels with major brands. So as clients are looking to reinvent how they bring services to market, I think we're well-positioned to capitalize on that. So I think the logic of your question makes perfect sense. Obviously, a dramatic amount of the scale has come through partnerships with mobile operators. If we look at the U.K. market, for example, though we work with major banks in the U.K. that offer mobile protection as part of their packaged bank account. So we definitely look for those opportunities where we think we're best positioned and we can deliver at scale.
Keith Meier: Yes. And I think it's definitely a positive opportunity for us to leverage these relationships that we have with these large institutions like Chase. A good example is, I was meeting with some of their executives when we -- when they were launching the program last month and they said they did check with their Chase counterparts and basically we're doing reference checks on Assurant. They came back very positive. And so those types of things certainly can go a long way and are very positive for us to expand relationships.
John Barnidge: Thanks for the answers.
Keith Demmings: Thank you, John.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Operator: There is no one else in the queue. I will pass it back to Keith for closing remarks.
Keith Demmings: Okay, wonderful. Well, thanks everybody for joining and we will certainly look-forward to another discussion in February. We'll share how we closed out the year and provide some guidance for 2025. So, thanks very much and have a great holiday season.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Sean Moshier, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Sean Moshier: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2024 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Keith Meier, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the second quarter 2024. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. Also on our website is a slide presentation for our webcast participants. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by those statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in the earnings release, presentation, and financial supplement on our website as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and supporting materials. We'll start today's call with remarks before moving into Q&A. I will now turn the call over to Keith Demmings.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Our strong first half 2024 results demonstrate continued outperformance from Global Housing and underlying momentum in Connected Living, positioning us to increase our full year 2024 growth expectations for Assurant overall. Excluding reportable catastrophes, adjusted EBITDA increased 20% year-to-date and adjusted EPS grew 29%. These results reflect the power of our combined housing and lifestyle business model. Starting with our first half business highlights. In Global Lifestyle first half 2024 adjusted EBITDA was $397 million, consistent with the first half of 2023. Our year-to-date performance has been driven by continued growth and momentum within our Connected Living business, particularly in the U.S. In Connected Living, adjusted EBITDA increased 6% or 8% on a constant currency basis. As we previously discussed, 2024 includes incremental spending related to the implementation of new partnerships and programs that we expect will support long-term growth for Assurant. Excluding first half investments of approximately $13 million, year-to-date growth for Connected Living was 14% on a constant currency basis. One example of our innovative new offerings included the rollout of two programs with Spectrum Mobile, anytime upgrade, and the repair and replace plan. Additionally, we onboarded the pre and postpaid device protection subscribers of Telstra, our new partner in Australia. Combined, these new programs added 1.6 million mobile subscribers, driving strong sequential growth. This year, we've also completed long-term contract extensions with all of our major U.S. mobile device protection clients, including T-Mobile and two U.S. cable operators, continuing to strengthen our position in the market. In total, these renewals represent three of the top five largest U.S. carriers by subscribers. With T-Mobile, this included a multi-year contract extension to continue supporting their postpaid and prepaid consumers beyond 2030. The renewal of T-Mobile allows us to continue to invest in this critical partnership and drive innovation for the future. In financial services, we expanded our longstanding relationship with Chase by partnering with Chase card services within our growing card benefits business. We executed a multi-year contract to provide coverage to millions of Chase cardholders. This program will provide end-to-end delivery for approximately 15 travel and purchase protection benefits, including underwriting, claim processing, and benefit servicing. We expect continued investments over the second half of this year as we move toward program launch at the end of 2024. This represents a marquee win for our card benefits business, which has gained strong momentum over the last several years. Our relationship with Chase now spans across our Lifestyle and Housing businesses, reinforcing the depth of client partnerships that we drive across the Assurant enterprise. Moving to Global Automotive. Our first half earnings have continued to be pressured by ongoing inflation impacts on motor vehicle repair costs. We expect that the effects of inflation will continue to impact our auto results throughout the second half of 2024 in our vehicle service contract business. In addition, we expect continued elevated loss experience within our ancillary guaranteed asset protection or GAP product. Our longer-term outlook, however, is bright, as we've begun to see moderation of claims inflation on our vehicle service contract business given the rate actions taken over the past 24 months. Within our GAP product, we're experiencing elevated losses driven by the combination of continued declines in used car prices from pandemic highs, higher interest rates, and the increase in the number of vehicles declared total losses by the primary insurance carrier. We expect this impact to be shorter-term in nature relative to vehicle service contracts, as the majority of GAP claims are made within the first 24 months after vehicle purchase. In addition, over the past year, we've been proactively partnering with several clients to transition the risk on the GAP business, which will reduce a substantial amount of our claims exposure over time. Lastly, we believe the auto business will continue to benefit from our position as a market leader with scale and strong partnerships across multiple distribution channels. Now, let's turn to Global Housing. For the first half of the year, Global Housing's earnings increased nearly 45%, excluding reportable catastrophes. Housing's year-to-date results have demonstrated both the importance of the business to our overall portfolio and the power of our unique and differentiated business model, which has largely outperformed the broader P&C market. Our lender-placed insurance business safeguards homes that need insurance regardless of geography, while supporting the U.S. mortgage industry by removing the risk of uninsured loss for lenders, investors, and homeowners. We review rates with each state on a regular basis to ensure that they are appropriate and that homeowners are protected. This process allows us to work together to balance risk and reward with fair and adequate rates, while creating product safeguards to address macroeconomic factors such as inflation. In addition, we benefit from our strong track record, continued investments in customer experience, and our compliance expertise, our most critical competitive advantages. These efforts have allowed us to renew existing partnerships and win new clients, including Bank of America. This in turn has contributed to increased scale, which combined with technology investments has led to significant operational efficiencies. Ultimately, this creates meaningful expense leverage, which we'll continue to benefit from going forward. Our specialized product and client base provide Assurant with differentiated advantages compared to many traditional homeowners insurance carriers. Overall, these combined advantages have led to the recovery and growth of this business within a relatively short time frame. We believe we are well-positioned and we continue to believe there's an opportunity for the market to better value our specialized lender-placed business. In renters, we benefit from an attractive financial profile that is more capital efficient compared to traditional P&C businesses. We are focused on expanding our presence as a market leader within the Property Management Company or PMC channel while providing our partners with innovative new offerings. In the first half of the year, we increased gross written premiums in our PMC channel by over 20%, reflecting strong client demand for our Cover360solution. This marks eight straight quarters of double-digit growth of gross written premium in the PMC channel. Following the initial launch of our Assurant Tech Pro resident troubleshooting service, we recently signed a partnership with the largest PMC in the U.S. to be the first to provide this service to the industry. We expect to begin rollout in the second half of this year. Turning to our enterprise outlook. Given the strength of our first half results, we now expect full year adjusted EBITDA to grow high-single-digits and adjusted earnings per share to increase low-double-digits both excluding catastrophes. This represents an increase from our initial expectation for both metrics. We anticipate strong growth within Global Housing, which is expected to lead our enterprise growth for 2024. In Global Lifestyle, we expect modest growth in 2024. Connected Living is expected to deliver another year of growth as we remain focused on driving long-term momentum through new partnerships and programs. Overall, we believe our first half performance and our increased 2024 outlook demonstrate the power of our differentiated business model with unique advantages which make Assurant attractively valued. Over time, we've enhanced Assurant’s risk profile by focusing on our capital efficient businesses within Lifestyle and Housing, which are highly cash generative. We've established a track record of winning and delivering for B2B2C clients throughout both Lifestyle and Housing, many of whom are industry leaders and market disruptors across the globe. We've created leadership positions in amplified competitive advantages through our protection solutions across devices, automobiles, and homes. Together with our clients, we've seen these deliver mutual benefit from scale and deep integration, supporting innovative and flexible solutions to differentiate the customer experience. We focus on specialized, attractive markets with growth opportunities and long-term secular tailwinds. These factors contributed to long-term outperformance versus the broader P&C market, particularly the S&P Composite 1500 P&C index. We believe this comparison better reflects our current mix of businesses and offerings as we provide insurance solutions and fee-based services to our partners and their end consumers. In June, our sub industry index classification under the Global Industry Classification Standard, or GICS, transitioned from multiline insurance to P&C insurance. A product of our multi-year transformation that included exiting pre-need, health and life insurance related businesses. Before handing it over to Keith Meier, I wanted to highlight our recently published 2024 Sustainability Report, which demonstrates our progress in advancing our sustainability strategy and initiatives. We've introduced our new sustainability vision focused on advancing a connected, respected, and protected world. We've established long-term ambitions to support a thriving society, a circular economy, and a stable climate. We believe there's an important connection between our vision and ambitions and how we deliver value for our business and for our stakeholders. These priorities strengthen Assurant for the future, including how we attract, empower, and reward a diverse workforce to drive innovation, contribute to the development and adoption of sustainable products and reduce the climate impact of Assurant operations and supply chain. Overall, we're excited about the progress we've made so far this year, continuing to drive attractive financial results and outperformance for the overall enterprise. As we look ahead, we believe we are well-positioned to continue to drive business momentum in the second half and beyond. I'll now turn it over to Keith Meier to review our second quarter results and business trends impacting our 2024 outlook.
Keith Meier: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. We're proud of our second quarter performance as we continue to invest in value-added solutions for our clients and end consumers. We believe we are well-positioned to build upon our historical track record of growth, strong capital generation, and long-term shareholder value creation. Let's review the specifics of our strong second quarter results, which build upon the momentum from the first quarter. In the second quarter, adjusted EBITDA grew 10% to $369 million and adjusted earnings per share increased by 17% to $4.77, both excluding reportable catastrophes. From a capital perspective, we generated $142 million of segment dividends in the second quarter, ending the quarter with $735 million of holding company liquidity, up from $622 million at the end of the first quarter. Our strong capital position has provided flexibility to invest in future growth, while returning $80 million to shareholders in the quarter, including $40 million of share repurchases. In addition, we repurchased $20 million of shares between July 1 and August 2 and have now completed $100 million in repurchases so far this year. Turning to our business segments. Let's begin with Global Lifestyle. For the quarter adjusted EBITDA decreased 4% to $190 million, or 2% on a constant currency basis, driven by Global Automotive, which declined by 8% or $6 million. Results were impacted by higher claims costs due to inflation and elevated losses from ancillary GAP products. In Connected Living, earnings increased modestly on a constant currency basis, primarily driven by global mobile protection programs, including subscriber growth from U.S. cable operators and new Asia-Pacific clients, as well as improved U.S. financial services results. International results remain stable on a constant currency basis and have started to show signs of modest growth. Growth was partially muted by investments in new capabilities and client partnerships, which are expected to support long-term growth. Trade-in results were down from a decline in carrier volumes and business mix, including from lower promotional activity. Unfavorable foreign exchange remains a headwind and impacted Lifestyle's adjusted EBITDA growth by 2 percentage points in the quarter. Turning to net earned premiums fees and other income. Lifestyle grew by $75 million, or 4%, and Connected Living increased 6%, benefiting from contributions from new Trade-in and mobile protection programs, including the U.S. and Asia-Pacific. For full year 2024, we now expect Global Lifestyle's adjusted EBITDA to grow modestly, reflecting continued strong performance from Connected Living and ongoing elevated claims in Global Auto. We expect growth in Connected Living to be led by the continued expansion of our U.S. business. We expect investments related to new clients and programs, mainly in Connected Living to temper Lifestyle growth by approximately 3% in 2024, but will be a critical driver for business growth over the long-term. In Global Auto, we now expect adjusted EBITDA to be flat to modestly down due to continued loss pressures from inflation and elevated losses within ancillary GAP products. We continue to monitor foreign exchange impacts, inflation, and interest rates, which have and may continue to impact the pace and timing of growth. I'd like to take a moment to discuss our auto business and how we have addressed inflation headwinds. As we've discussed, we expect auto claims inflation to impact our performance over the remainder of this year. Toward the end of 2022, the industry began to see large spikes in motor vehicle repair costs, even as overall CPI trends began to stabilize. Exiting 2023, the auto industry began to see signs of inflation levels declining. However, in the beginning of 2024, motor vehicle repair costs increased once again, impacting performance in the first half of 2024. Our underwriting risk in auto is limited to just a few clients, as many of our clients choose to reinsure or share in the economics of the business, given auto's profitable returns over the long-term. There are a total of five vehicle service contract clients where we retain a portion of the claims risk that will improve over time, which is a small subset of our overall client base. Since 2022, we have implemented a total of 14 rate increases for these impacted clients, with additional increases planned over the coming quarters. In addition to rate increases, we have made changes to enhance our claims adjudication process, adjusting the product and modifying deal structures with clients to ensure mutually beneficial outcomes. Even with these vehicle service contract clients, where we do retain some risk, we are profitable as we also earn investment income and receive fees for our administrative program support. Moving to Global Housing. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA, including cats was $161 million. During a quarter that included over 25 ISO events that impacted much of the P&C industry, we fared reasonably well with $46 million of reportable catastrophes across five events and no single event incurring more than $15 million in losses. Excluding reportable cats, adjusted EBITDA increased by 23%, or $38 million to $206 million. The increase was driven by continued top-line growth in homeowners, primarily from an increase in the number of in-force policies from the onboarding of the newly added Bank of America portfolio and the net impact of ongoing client and portfolio transitions. Additionally, lender-placed policies increased due to impacts from hardening traditional insurance markets in certain states. Lender-placed continued to see average premium growth related to higher average insured values and increases in filed rates. Despite higher expenses from client portfolio onboarding and offboarding activity in the quarter, expense leverage from scale, technology investments and operational efficiencies remains a key driver of performance as reflected in the continued improvement in housings expense ratio, which was 37% in the quarter. Underlying EBITDA growth was partially offset by the unfavorable year-over-year net impact of $11 million related to prior period reserve development. Second quarter 2024 had $17 million of favorable reserve development compared to $28 million in the second quarter of 2023. We continue to expect Global Housing's full year 2024 adjusted EBITDA, excluding cats, to be the growth driver of our overall enterprise performance. We anticipate growth will be driven by continued top-line momentum in homeowners, expense leverage, and lower catastrophe reinsurance costs. Placement rate and policies in-force both key drivers of earnings are expected to be impacted by ongoing client portfolio transitions in the second half of the year. However, both are expected to have healthy growth overall for 2024. Lastly, we expect Hurricane Beryl to be a reportable catastrophe in the third quarter. While claims are still developing, our early indication is that estimated losses will be between $30 million to $50 million. We will provide an update prior to our third quarter earnings call as we finalize impacts. Moving to corporate, second quarter adjusted EBITDA loss was $27 million, which improved mainly due to higher net investment income from higher asset levels and yields. We continue to expect the 2024 corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to approximate $110 million, consistent with 2023. Turning to capital management. We generated significant deployable capital in the first half of the year, upstreaming $395 million in segment dividends. For 2024, we expect our businesses to continue to generate meaningful cash flow. Cash conversion to the holding company is expected to approximate two-thirds of segment adjusted EBITDA, including reportable catastrophes. Cash flow expectations assume a continuation of the current macroeconomic environment and are subject to the growth of the businesses, investment portfolio performance, and rating agency and regulatory requirements. As we look forward to the remainder of the year, we continue to be focused on maintaining flexibility to support new business growth and to return capital to shareholders. Given our strong capital position and robust reinsurance program, we expect to be on the high end of our $200 million to $300 million share repurchases range for the year. Our ultimate level of repurchases will depend on M&A opportunities, market conditions, and cat activity. Overall, we've had a very strong first half of 2024, and we believe we are well-positioned to achieve our increased full year financial outlook while also supporting business growth and shareholder value creation over the long-term. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities.
Keith Demmings: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Good morning. Yes, thank you. Good morning. On the Global Auto the sustained impact of inflation, when do we kind of turn the corner on that? When does it become less negative? Understanding that it will continue to be a drag trends for the foreseeable future, when does it become less of a drag?
Keith Meier: Yes, Mark. So I think the first half this year was kind of the tale of two different stories for the first quarter and the second quarter. The first quarter was really driven by the inflation from our vehicle service contracts. And so -- but in the second quarter, what we've seen is more on the GAP side, that was really what was driven by the used car values declining, higher interest rates and more total losses declared by traditional insurers. So the vehicle service contract side was really moderated a bit in the second quarter -- in the first -- sorry, in the second quarter, the GAP was really the driver of the challenges in the second quarter. So as we look at the back half of the year, we actually expect the rates that we've been putting into place with our clients to stabilize and improve modestly as we go through the back half of the year. And I think one other key point about the second quarter as it relates to the GAP product, we've been working on this over the past year or so to reduce and transition some of that risk with our clients. So we don't see that as something that's going to sustain over a long-term. And GAP actually improves faster than the vehicle service contracts that really should improve in less than in the next couple of years, so less than two years. So overall, if we're going to have a challenge in auto, this is probably a good time to have the challenge when we're raising our outlook, and I think this is really just creating a little bit more of a tailwind for us in our auto business over the next few years.
Keith Demmings: Yes. And I would just add, as we think about getting off a lot of that GAP risk over time. That process started back when our GAP was actually performing well. We know it's a volatile product line. Our goal was to strategically try to reduce volatility and make that strategic decision. And obviously, that's something that we'll continue to work on as we go forward. And as Keith said, not something that we expect to be a long-term pain point for the business.
Mark Hughes: Yes. So fair to think the pain this year is already factored into your guidance when we think about 2025 would be less negative, i.e., positive year-over-year comparisons in this dimension.
Keith Meier: Yes. It's definitely factored into our 2024 outlook. And then as we go through the year, we'll provide an update on 2025, but we certainly see an improvement going into the back half of the year.
Mark Hughes: Yes. And then in the card benefit business, could you talk a little bit more about the opportunity there? It sounds like an interesting agreement with Chase, how important is that within the Lifestyle? And is that a new opportunity that could be a marginal contributor to growth?
Keith Demmings: Yes, definitely, and I would say a couple of things. So we've been growing successfully our card benefits business the last several years, in particular, in the U.S. And a couple of things specifically on Chase, number one, it's a phenomenal opportunity to expand our relationship. We obviously have a long-standing relationship around the lender-placed business with Chase that spans many, many years, and this is a chance to expand across product lines in between segments within Lifestyle, which is great. We definitely are investing in this launch. It's part of the investments that we've talked about relative to Q2 that will ramp as the year progresses. We're actually converting all active Chase customer cardholders in the fourth quarter of the year. So there's a lot of work to stand that up. And then it will certainly be EBITDA positive as we enter 2025 because it will be at a full natural run rate entering next year. And yes, we're very excited. And certainly, it will be one of several drivers of growth for the Connected Living business. And part of what we've been signaling to the market is specific discrete investments in long-term growth that are directly connected to new programs, new products, and what I think are clear strategic growth levers for the business.
Mark Hughes: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: You bet. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Lukpanov with Dowling & Partners.
Keith Demmings: Good morning, Dan.
Keith Meier: Good morning.
Dan Lukpanov: Hey guys, good morning. Going back to the auto, just curious, so we've been seeing the traditional insurers -- car insurers reporting a moderation in physical damage severity and just knowing your product, you don't have the liability side. You have little mostly physical damage in all the same drivers of materials side. Just curious, I get that the GAP was sort of the negative in the quarter. But on the vehicle service contract side, did you guys see any acceleration on the improvement. I did the loss cost trend year-to-date change your view on how fast you can recover the business.
Keith Meier: Yes. So I think through the first couple of quarters, we saw the loss cost trends moderate. The CPI index for auto repairs went down modestly, and so it's about 9 million -- or 9% year-over-year. So we're seeing it moderate a bit, Dan. And I think we're in a good position to have those rates start coming through and improve sequentially for us as we go-forward.
Keith Demmings: Yes. And I think just to amplify; I mean we talked about 14 rate increases over five clients over the last couple of years. So a meaningful amount of rate increases have been put in place. And obviously, we're starting to slowly see that earn through, combined with moderation on the inflationary side. So that momentum builds over time. It doesn't solve itself nearly as quickly as what we saw in the Housing business, but certainly excited to see progress in Q2, and we'll monitor that as we think forward through the rest of the year.
Dan Lukpanov: Okay. And do you see used to new car mix normalizing, I think during the inflation of cycle, you saw more used cars in the production, do you see that normalizing at all?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think it's still in the range of 50:50 in terms of used and new. It's definitely moderated. There's certainly more new car volume going back into the system. But it's a pretty -- we have a pretty nice balance within the business. And to your point, it did tilt more used car during the pandemic, and I'd say it's normalized at this point.
Dan Lukpanov: If I may squeeze in one more. The -- in the financial services, I think you called out a profitability improvement in the U.S. business. What was that? Can you provide any more color on that?
Keith Meier: Yes. I think that's just a continuation of the leading programs that we have in our financial services business. So we've been growing that business over the last few years. So I think that's just a continuation of that. And I think the Chase win is just another highlight of the really good momentum that we're having in our financial services business.
Dan Lukpanov: Thanks, guys. I appreciate the answers.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Dan.
Keith Meier: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Schmitt with William Blair.
Keith Demmings: Hey, Jeff.
Keith Meier: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Schmitt: Good morning. So how much of the auto revenue mix is the GAP business? And how much is sort of a handful of accounts where you share writing profits? Any details you could give on the actual like what inflation is kind of currently running at for those see their plans would be helpful.
Keith Meier: Yes. So for GAP, yes, it's actually a very small part of our business, Jeff, and it's actually continuing to be even less and less as we mentioned earlier, we've been working on over the last year, transitioning some of that risk. So it's becoming a smaller and smaller part. Some of the things that you're seeing now are programs that have already been transitioned for going forward contracts. So we're just working through some of the existing contracts today. So overall, not a big driver of our auto business. And that's why there's a little bit of volatility within there, and that's why we've been reducing that part of that business.
Jeff Schmitt: And just in terms of the percentage of mix of the handful of accounts that you share profits with how much is that?
Keith Meier: Yes. It's only five clients. And it's actually with our rate increases that's becoming a better performing piece of our business over time, Jeff. We don't split that out necessarily of those clients. But overall, it's -- most of the business, the vast majority, we do reduce the risk and share risk with our clients. So this is really the smaller part of the business, not the main part.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay. And then just a question on the renters business, I mean, I think a few years ago, you'd expect the growth to be kind of in the high-single-digits, continues to run much weaker. I'm just curious what the weakness there? And are you getting rate in that business as well? What rate are you getting?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think our rate is probably at a very good level right now generally. What I would say on the revenue side is, and we've talked about this a little bit in the past. Definitely, if you look at it year-to-date, it's relatively flat. I think we're up 2% on revenue. Policies are up 4%. What's probably a little bit more exciting is our year-to-date gross written premium, think of that as a leading indicator of future revenue. It's actually up 8%. And it's really two pieces. So our property management company part of the renters' portfolio is up 20% year-to-date, which is obviously pretty significant growth. And then the affinity business is relatively stable. We expect that affinity business to slowly improve over time. We expect the momentum in the PMC side of our business to continue. We've shown double-digit growth for the last eight quarters straight. We really like the business. I think we're incredibly positioned. We've been investing not just in our products, but in our platforms. And I think we're certainly set up as the market continues to find ways to drive growth, we'll be participating in that over time.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: You bet.
Keith Meier: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.
Keith Demmings: Good morning, John.
Keith Meier: Hey, John.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Appreciate it. My first question is on the Global Housing combined ratio. How do you view the long-term combined ratio guide? There's been consistent profitability achieved in that business, not just from underwriting improvements, but it appears to be expense leverage has been achieved over the last five quarters. I'd love to get your take on how you view the long-term combined ratio you targeted. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: You bet. I think mid-80s combined is the right way to think about the business, we think about a non-cat loss ratio of around 40%. We had about 7 points for cat losses and then expenses in the high-30s. There's no doubt we've demonstrated a tremendous amount of discipline around expense management, driving efficiency through the use of technology and a lot of other things, and it's certainly showing up. And it's a scale business. So as we've grown the business, you're seeing the benefits of that flow through on the expense line. But I would say, mid-80s combined is the way to think about that business generally longer-term, and we feel incredibly proud of the growth of that business. I mean our policies are up 9% year-over-year. AIVs are up 11% and then expense leverage of more than 200 basis points if you look back. So it's performing incredibly well and very fortunate that we've got -- the team that we've got.
Keith Meier: Yes. And I would just add, the expense ratio story really is a great one, and it's really sustainable as well. And it's really driven by the combination of scale the digital enhancements that we're making, the AI investments we're making, and then also our integration platforms. When you take all of that we've been doing over the last few years, it's really been an amazing journey. And I think that's really delivered an incredible customer experience through technology and it's also enabling us to differentiate versus others in the industry. And I think that's why you're seeing us win some important new clients with those investments we made that are really paying off for us.
John Barnidge: Thank you for that. My follow-up question is on the Global Lifestyle business. Telstra, Spectrum really seemed to have delivered nice unit growth, $1.6 million, I think you called out there. But generally, ahead of a program launching, there's a period of investor. Are you able to quantify the level of investment for Telstra and Spectrum that impacted EBITDA in the quarter for Connected Living? Thank you.
Keith Demmings: You bet. I think what we've tried to quantify is the overall level of investment. So we talked about $13 million of incremental investment year-to-date, $5 million in the first quarter, about $8 million in the second quarter and think about that trend line kind of being maintained as we think about the second half of the year. So that's probably the easiest way to think about it, not necessarily at the client level. And there's no doubt we're excited about both of those opportunities to grow in the market. And there's certainly a step up in the second quarter with subscriber counts. We took over the in-force business at Telstra, which is terrific. So we start from a pretty robust place in terms of subs. And then, with Spectrum, as well because part of the program is embedded in the top-tier rate plan that actually gave us a step up to existing subscribers in the second quarter and now we're in a more normalized period of growth. What I think you'll notice, if you unpack the subscriber counts is we actually generated net growth even separating the $1.6 million incremental that we talked about, and that's following several quarters of declines in that metric. So we're really pleased not just with the growth from these two clients but with the underlying performance around subscribers and certainly expect that growth to continue, not at that level, but to continue as we go-forward.
John Barnidge: Thank you.
Keith Demmings: You bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Tommy McJoynt from KBW.
Keith Demmings: Hey Tommy, good morning.
Tommy McJoynt: Hey, good morning, guys. Good morning. How much is higher investment income offsetting, I guess, the otherwise, what I'll call core weakness in the auto segment. I guess, just basically do you know what percentage of autos bottom line EBITDA is investment income. And I'm not sure what the duration of those investments are. But is there any risk that if short-term rates come down meaningfully over the next year and that potentially fits auto's bottom line before all the work you're doing on rate increases gets a chance to earn in. Is that a risk that we should be thinking about?
Keith Meier: Yes. I think we're in a good position in terms of investment income, Tommy. Our duration is about five years on our investment portfolio. We've got a very high-quality portfolio. Our book yield is up 12 basis points over the last quarter up to $5.16. New money yields are still a little bit higher than that. So overall, we feel good about where we stand for the remainder of the year and our outlook in terms of investment income. And then also with certain clients, we share some investment income. So to the extent that interest rates go down a little bit, then it actually -- there's a natural offset there for us with some of the clients. So overall, not as big of an impact in the short-term.
Tommy McJoynt: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Grace Carter with Bank of America. Please unmute your line to ask a question.
Grace Carter: Good morning. Can you all hear me?
Keith Meier: Yes, we can. Hi, Grace.
Grace Carter: Okay. Perfect. Hi. So I was wondering on the auto risk question. I think historically, you all have said that you retain about a third of the risk across the Lifestyle book. I was just curious if that continues to be kind of the best way to think about the segment overall, just given the work that you've done in the auto book over the past several quarters.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think it's generally the right way to think about it at the Lifestyle level, maybe a little bit -- we may retain a little bit less of it on the auto side. A lot of the deals are reinsured within the dealer business and with various clients. So -- but I do think, overall, that's a good way to think about it. And the nice thing with auto, as we think about the pressure on the VSC side, it's a handful of clients, so it's somewhat manageable. We're trying to work with only five partners to make the right adjustments. And as you've seen, 14 rate increases with five clients over the last couple of years is a meaningful amount of activity and traction to try to right the ship. So I do feel like that allows it to be much more manageable because it's quite concentrated.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And I guess, you mentioned expecting higher repurchases for the remainder of the year, but also gave us some guidance for how Hurricane Beryl losses might be shaping up. Just given the forecast for an active hurricane season, can you talk about what gives you the confidence to kind of increase the outlook for repurchases for the remainder of the year? And as just kind of given the seasonality of hurricane season, if we should expect those to be more weighted towards 4Q rather than 3Q?
Keith Meier: Yes. So I think, first of all, we get the confidence from our strong capital position and we've really just continued to strengthen our reinsurance program. So we feel really good about how we are positioned going into the back half of the year. I think you also highlight, Grace, the strong cash flow generation of our portfolio of businesses. And we have a very strong track record of deploying that capital back to shareholders. And we've already completed $100 million of the buybacks. And I think we're going to be on pace to deliver that higher end of the $200 million to $300 million range. And I don't think we see any reason why that wouldn't be the case, and that's why we raised our guidance there. So overall, I think being in this type of capital position is exactly where we want to be and it allows us to operate from a position of strength.
Grace Carter: Perfect. Thank you.
Keith Meier: You're welcome.
Keith Demmings: Great. Thanks, Grace.
Operator: Our last question is coming from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities.
Keith Demmings: Hey, Mark.
Keith Meier: Hey, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thanks for taking the follow-up. In the Global Housing, your fee income was quite strong this quarter. Anything unusual there? Is this kind of elevated fees? Is that going to continue? I think we said $53 million, if I'm looking at it properly, a big jump year-over-year. Could you talk about that?
Keith Meier: Yes. So in the fee income, there was a business change that was made. And all it really was, Mark, was a reclassification between fee income and our expense lines. So no bottom line P&L impact, just movement between expenses and the fee income line.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Okay. And then you talked about a client transition in Housing that could impact the second half. I'm not sure whether you said anything more about that, but what was the import of that statement?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So we've got -- there's a lot of ongoing activity within the lender-placed business. And at times, certain portfolios roll off, certain portfolios roll on as clients are making different acquisitions in the market, buying books of loans, et cetera. And what we've said is we'll see some movement on that over the course of the back half of the year. But overall, I would say our expectation for policy counts is relatively stable as we think about the second half of the year. So any losses relative to that transition will be offset by pickups with respect to other portfolios.
Mark Hughes: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Excellent. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: And if we have no other questions, then maybe just one final comment for me and then we can wrap it up. And I think we try to put some emphasis in the materials, but we do have a very strong track record of driving performance across a variety of different economic cycles. We're certainly proud of what we've delivered so far this year, excited about the raised guidance. And as we highlighted in the materials, with the current guidance, we're actually poised to deliver 10% EBITDA growth on average since 2019, so over the last five years. And we're going to more than double the absolute earnings per share with a 16% CAGR over that same five-year period. So again, we're incredibly proud of the track record that sits behind us. We've got a lot of momentum in the business. We're showing that with a number of new client launches, new wins. We're working on a number of other things that we'll talk about in future quarters. But again, just excited to be driving growth and creating shareholder value. So we'll look forward to the next call. We'll get back together in November after our Q3 and really appreciate the time. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2024 Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Sean Moshier, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Sean Moshier: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2024 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Keith Meier, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the first quarter 2024. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. Also on our website is a slide presentation for our webcast participants. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in the earnings release, presentation and financial supplement on our website as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and supporting materials. We'll start today's call with remarks before moving into Q&A. I will now turn the call over to Keith Demmings.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Sean and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results represent a strong start to 2024 reflecting the position of strength from which Assurant continues to operate. Adjusted EBITDA grew 31% year-over-year to $384 million and adjusted EPS grew 42% year-over-year both excluding reportable catastrophes. Our first quarter results were driven by the continued strength of our Global Housing segment as well as growth in Global Lifestyle. Our ability to continue to drive financial performance and operational excellence has supported strong cash flow generation and a solid capital position. Before reviewing the highlights across our business segments, I'd like to take a moment to reiterate how our unique and differentiated business model has led us to consistently deliver financial results. Assurant holds market leadership positions across a variety of attractive specialized markets, where we benefit from both scale and deep integration with our B2B2C client base. Our competitive advantages across our businesses have allowed us to be flexible and agile in executing for our partners and for end consumers. Cost savings from targeted actions, such as our previously announced restructuring plan and ongoing technology innovation including digital-first and artificial intelligence have supported reinvestment in businesses where we have leadership positions. These high-return initiatives have enhanced our capabilities and supported new partnerships laying the groundwork for continued growth. The ultimate driver of our success is our people. In March, Assurant was recognized by Ethisphere as one of the world's most ethical companies in 2024. Operating ethically is foundational to protecting our clients' brands across the globe as well as our own. This recognition is a testament to the thousands of Assurant employees who champion our values every day. Collectively, our unique advantages have led to long-term profitable growth and shareholder value creation. We've continued to drive outperformance versus the broader P&C market as evidenced by our long-term results compared to the S&P Composite 1500 P&C index. Since 2019 Assurant has delivered double-digit adjusted earnings growth including and excluding cats outperforming the broader P&C index. Now turning to the quarter I'd like to share highlights across our business segments. Global Lifestyle delivered adjusted EBITDA of $208 million in the first quarter of 2024. This reflects a year-over-year increase of 4% or 5% on a constant currency basis, which is in line with our full year growth expectation. Growth was led by our Connected Living business which delivered double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth in the first quarter. To support growth we're continuing to make several important investments in new partnerships including for recently announced new launches such as Telstra Australia's largest mobile carrier where we completed the initial launch of several offerings. We are currently offering protection upgrade and trade-in to Telstra's postpaid subscriber base. Additionally we recently completed a multiyear extension of our partnership with Spectrum Mobile demonstrating the strength of our relationship. The expanded relationship includes the launch of two new mobile programs. The first of the two programs the new anytime upgrade benefit which is now included in the Spectrum Mobile Unlimited Plus data plan at no extra cost to consumers allows new and existing customers to upgrade their phones whenever they want. The second program is the new Spectrum mobile repair and replacement plan which offers customers device protection and is supported by our dynamic fulfillment and claims management capabilities. These innovative new offerings with Spectrum Mobile are the result of our long-standing partnership and reflect our ongoing commitment to deliver market first solutions to meet the needs of end consumers. During the quarter we also enhanced our global capabilities. For example in Europe we acquired iSmash a leading independent tech repair brand in the United Kingdom offering express drop in repair services for smartphones tablets laptops with nearly 40 retail locations. This acquisition further scales our walk-in repair offerings and is a prime example of the investments we're making globally to win new business and enhance existing relationships. Moving to global automotive, similar to others in the industry first quarter results reflected persistent inflation impacts to vehicle parts and labor repair costs. We've continued to take actions to address elevated inflation including implementing additional rate increases in the first quarter that build upon those taken over the past 18 months while also strengthening and enhancing our claims adjudication process. For 2024, we expect auto earnings to be flat. Investment income growth and disciplined expense management efforts are expected to be offset by continued claims inflation. We remain confident in the long-term growth prospects of our auto business. Over the next several years, we expect rate actions to provide a tailwind for the business with the pace and timing of earnings growth dependent on broader market trends. Now let's discuss Global Housing, which drove our first quarter outperformance. Global Housing earnings grew significantly in the first quarter up nearly 75% excluding reportable cats. Following an extraordinary 2023, housing's first quarter performance reinforces the power of our unique business model which is highly differentiated versus the broader P&C market. Housing's competitive advantages have led to a compelling shift in its financial return over the past two years delivering strong financial performance with attractive returns. We have several distinct advantages in Global Housing. First, we have strong market positions in our core housing businesses. Specifically in Lender-Placed we have strong relationships with the largest U.S. banks and mortgage servicers including our new client Bank of America which we began to onboard in the first quarter. Second, as seen over the past 18 to 24 months in our Lender-Placed business we've been able to achieve rate adequacy quickly through the built-in annual inflation guard product feature designed to adjust with building and materials costs and normal course state rate filings. Third, our scale and focus on operational efficiencies have created meaningful expense leverage, which we will continue to benefit from going forward. Lastly, our lender-placed business provides a countercyclical hedge in the event of potential broader housing market weakness. While we would not expect tailwinds to be as significant as in prior recessions, we still expect policy placement increases if the housing market goes through a cyclical downturn. Similarly, in our renters and other business, we operate as a market leader across our affinity and property management company channels. The business has an attractive capital-light financial profile with limited catastrophe exposure and remains well positioned for long-term growth, as we continue to innovate with our partners and capitalize on secular tailwinds within the rental market. During the quarter, we increased gross written premiums by over 15%, driven by strong growth in our PMC channel. We've continued to leverage enterprise-wide capabilities to improve our customer experience and create value for our clients. For example, we leveraged our premium technical support capabilities from Connected Living to help us launch Assurant Tech Pro for the multifamily housing channel, providing residents access to technical troubleshooting services, which is a first in the industry. Turning to our enterprise outlook. For 2024, we continue to expect Enterprise adjusted EBITDA to grow by mid-single digits, excluding cats. Based on our strong first quarter performance within Global Housing, which included $22 million of favorable prior period reserve development, our 2024 results are trending toward the higher end of the mid-single-digit outlook. We now anticipate global housing will lead our enterprise growth. In Global Lifestyle, our full year outlook remains unchanged, driven by growth in Connected Living which is partially offset by incremental investments to support long-term growth. We continue to monitor global macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, foreign exchange and interest rate levels as well as new business investments. Looking at earnings per share, we now expect adjusted EPS growth to approximate adjusted EBITDA growth, reflecting lower expected depreciation expense as well as higher earnings within Global Housing. I'll now turn it over to Keith Meier to review our first quarter results and 2024 outlook in further detail.
Keith Meier: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. With our strong first quarter performance, we continue to focus on driving long-term shareholder value with thoughtful and decisive actions to continue to grow and outperform. To achieve this, we are committed to a deep understanding of our global partners and their end consumers' needs, executing on the opportunities identified as well as disciplined capital management to enable long-term growth. Now let's review the details of our first quarter results. In the first quarter, adjusted EBITDA grew 31% to $384 million and adjusted EPS increased by 42% to $4.97, both excluding reportable catastrophes. From a capital perspective, we generated $254 million of segment dividends in the first quarter, ending the quarter with $622 million of holding company liquidity, up from $606 million at year-end. Our strong capital position allowed us to return $77 million to shareholders in the quarter, including $40 million of share repurchases. In addition, we repurchased $10 million of shares between April 1 and May 3. Turning to our business segments. Let's begin with Global Lifestyle. For the quarter, adjusted EBITDA grew 4% to $208 million, or 5% on a constant currency basis. Year-over-year growth was driven by strong performance in Connected Living, particularly in the U.S., which was partially offset by lower results in Global Automotive. In Connected Living, earnings increased 14%, or $16 million, primarily driven by continued momentum in our U.S. mobile protection programs and higher investment income. Results were partially offset by investments in new capabilities and client partnerships. In the U.S. Connected Living growth also benefited from modest improvements in loss experience within extended service contracts, resulting from rate actions taken over the last 18 months to offset higher claim severities from inflation. Trade-in results were flat, as higher margins and contributions from new US programs were partially offset by a decline in carrier volumes, including impacts from lower promotional activity. International Connected Living results included a $7 million favorable onetime extended service contract client benefit in Japan. Excluding this item international results were stable on a constant currency basis, consistent with the trends from the end of 2023. Foreign exchange remains a headwind impacting Lifestyle's adjusted EBITDA growth by one percentage point in the quarter. In Global Automotive, first quarter adjusted EBITDA declined 9% or $7 million, driven by higher claims costs due to persistent inflation impacts, as well as the normalization of select ancillary products. The impacts of inflation continue to be felt throughout the auto industry as indicated in the March Consumer Price Index where motor vehicle repair costs rose nearly 12% year-over-year and accelerated over the quarter. Elevated claims costs were partially offset by higher investment income. Turning to net earned premiums fees and other income. Lifestyle grew by $148 million or 7% and Connected Living increased 11% benefiting from contributions from new trade-in programs and North American mobile protection programs. Growth from Global Automotive net earned premiums fees and other income was 3%, which was primarily driven by prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. For full year 2024, we continue to expect Global Lifestyle's adjusted EBITDA to grow driven by Connected Living. We expect growth in Connected Living to be led by the continued expansion of our US business. In Global Auto, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be flat as higher investment income is offset by continued loss pressure from inflation. Prospective rate actions taken over the past 18 months are expected to drive improvement over time, depending on the timing and pace of claims inflation impacts. Investments related to new clients and programs will temper lifestyle growth in 2024, but will be a critical driver in the strengthening of our business over the long term. We continue to monitor foreign exchange impacts broader macroeconomic conditions and interest rates which may impact the pace and timing of growth. As we enter the second quarter, we expect our sequential adjusted EBITDA trend to be impacted by the absence of the onetime client benefit and seasonally lower mobile trading volumes, both in Connected Living. Moving to Global Housing. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was $193 million which included $13 million of reportable catastrophes. Excluding reportable cats adjusted EBITDA increased by 74% or $88 million to $205 million. Over half of the increase was driven by improving non-cat loss ratios from moderating claims trends and higher average premiums. A portion of the claims improvement was related to a $16 million favorable year-over-year net impact to prior period reserve development. This was comprised of a $22 million reserve reduction in the current quarter compared to a $6 million reserve reduction in the first quarter of 2023. The remainder of the adjusted EBITDA increase was mainly driven by continued top line growth in homeowners and an increase in the number of in-force policies, lower catastrophe reinsurance costs and higher investment income. For renters and other, earnings increased from growth in our property management channel. As Keith mentioned, expense leverage throughout housing continues to be a strong differentiator as our technology investments and innovations are enabling a superior customer experience. This has played a critical role in our outperformance. Given the strong first quarter performance, we expect Global Housing's full year 2024 adjusted EBITDA growth excluding cats to lead our overall enterprise growth. We anticipate growth will be driven by favorable non-cat loss experience continued top line momentum in homeowners and lower catastrophe reinsurance costs. Over the course of 2024, our lender-placed business is expected to be impacted by ongoing client portfolio movements. This includes the addition of multiple client portfolios including the onboarding of Bank of America, as well as expected offboarding impacts from the sale of a client to another party. Given the unique composition of each portfolio, these movements are expected to impact tracked loans and placement rate from quarter-to-quarter. However, policies in force a key driver of earnings is expected to grow overall for 2024. As we turn to the second quarter, please keep in mind the following; first, we had $22 million of first quarter prior year reserve development. Second, we expect normalized catastrophe reinsurance costs following lower costs in the first quarter, which were impacted by timing differences related to the program transition to a single placement as well as favorable 2023 exposure true-ups. Beginning in the second quarter, we expect quarterly reinsurance premiums to be modestly above $50 million, which is an increase from the $34 million in the first quarter. And lastly, the second quarter tends to be an elevated period for non-cat loss experience. Next, I wanted to summarize the placement of our 2024 catastrophe reinsurance program which has now transitioned to a single April 1st placement date. We are pleased with our increased coverage at attractive terms including cost savings realized in this year's placement. 2024 catastrophe reinsurance premiums for the total program are estimated to be approximately $190 million, a reduction in comparison to $207 million in 2023. As previously communicated, our per event retention increased to $150 million aligning with a one-in five-year probable maximum loss or PML. Our main U.S. program will provide nearly $1.5 billion in loss coverage in excess of our retention, protecting Assurant and its policyholders against the PML of approximately one-in-265-year storm an increase above the 2023 limit aligned to a one-in-225-year PML. Overall, this year's placement was diversified and supported by the strength of our relationships with 40-plus highly rated reinsurers. Moving to corporate, the first quarter adjusted EBITDA loss was $30 million, a $5 million year-over-year increase, mainly due to higher enterprise growth initiatives. We now expect the 2024 corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to approximate $110 million, consistent with 2023. Turning to capital management, we generated significant deployable capital in the first quarter, upstreaming $254 million in segment dividends. For 2024, we expect our businesses to continue to generate meaningful cash flow. Cash conversion to the holding company is expected to approximate two-thirds of segment adjusted EBITDA including reportable catastrophes. Cash flow expectations assume a continuation of the current macroeconomic environment and are subject to the growth of the businesses, investment portfolio performance, and rating agency and regulatory requirements. As we look forward to the remainder of the year, we continue to be focused on maintaining balance and flexibility to support new business growth and return capital to shareholders. From a share repurchase perspective, we continue to expect to be in the range of $200 million to $300 million, which will depend on strategic M&A opportunities, market conditions, and cat activity. Through the strength of our differentiated business model and given our first quarter results, we are increasingly confident in achieving our 2024 financial objectives. Our strong capital position provides us with the necessary resources to support business growth and shareholder value over the long-term. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you very much. Good morning. In Connected Living, your EBITDA growth 14% super strong. When you look at your covered device count, it's relatively stable, trade-ins were stable but you're getting strong top line growth. How long can you continue to push the top line and profitability in an environment where covered devices seem to be relatively steady?
Keith Demmings: Yes. No, it's a great question. I think we're really pleased with certainly how Connected Living started the year, largely driven by the strength of the US Connected Living business overall. And we've talked about this in the past, but we've had double-digit growth in Connected Living for probably seven or so years pretty consistently. As I look at the first quarter results domestic Connected Living again was up double-digits, high-single last year. So, I think we feel incredibly well positioned. We did see a little bit of softness in the devices covered count. A little bit of that is in Japan which we've talked about although our margins have been quite stable in that market. A little bit in the prepaid side as well. But the bulk of our US postpaid business, which drives the lion's share of the economics clients are performing incredibly well and feel really well positioned longer term.
Mark Hughes: Your inflation guard in the homeowners business, when does that get updated? And what does it look like for this go around?
Keith Demmings: Yes. It will get updated July 1. It will be a very modest adjustment, roughly 1%. I think last year was a little north of 3%, and then the year before, it was in the low to mid-teens. So fairly normalized level, I think as we look forward this year.
Mark Hughes: And then the non-cat loss experience in housing was a good. How would you judge the weather of this quarter? It sounds like you're benefiting from rates better claims trends. How much of a weather impact do you think there was in Q1?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think if you set aside the development, which we called out at $22 million in the quarter, the non-cat loss ratio was just under 39%. I'd say that was relatively in line with our expectations in line with what we would expect for the full year around that loss ratio factor. So I would say, certainly we've seen normalized severity levels as inflation has come down. And then to your point, obviously, a lot of impact in the business from rate but then a tremendous amount of leverage in terms of the operating expenses both with scale but also the efforts that we've made to continue to drive automation. And Keith, did you want to add anything?
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Keith Meier: Yes, sure. I think a good way to think about that Mark as well is, Keith mentioned, 39% non-cat loss ratio. We have an expense ratio of about 38%, combined is 77%. If you add in some cat coverage, you're probably in that mid to high-80s that we talk about on a normal basis. So I think it was pretty well in that line maybe a little bit better than that.
Mark Hughes: Understood. Appreciate the detail.
Keith Demmings: Great. Thanks Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line with Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions here. First, I'm just curious onboarding expenses for Bank of America and maybe Telstra. Are those largely complete at this point? Or are we going to see some more of that going forward? Your expenses were quite below where I was expecting this quarter.
Keith Meier: Yes. So on Bank of America, we've been ramping them up this -- over the last quarter. And so those loans are now being tracked. And then in the second and third quarter those policies should be coming online. And then by the end of the third quarter, we should be fully up and running on Bank of America. So, I think the outlook for Bank of America should be improving as we go through the year. And then with Telstra, we just launched the rest of the program -- the main part of the program earlier this month. And so we went through a lot of investment there. There's still more to come for Telstra, but we're in a really good place getting Telstra launched in terms of the main part of the program.
Keith Demmings: Maybe just add a little bit of color as well Brian in terms of the question about ongoing investments. So if I'm thinking about global Connected Living in the first quarter, I'd probably size $5 million of incremental investments in long-term growth in the quarter. We continue to think that will be 2% to 3% impact to the overall growth for the full year. So think about that trend line continuing as we move forward. And then it's just a question of at what pace and urgency do we deploy some of the solutions with not just the clients that we've talked about publicly but a number of clients and prospects that we're actively working on in real time which we'll disclose more on later in the year.
Brian Meredith: Great. And my second question related to Global Auto. I know historically you said it was a couple of clients maybe that were really the issues. I'm wondering if it's become more pervasive. And is there anything that you're kind of thinking about doing with contracts to maybe mitigate -- some of this inflationary aspects here going forward?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So it's that -- first part of your question it's unchanged. So the clients that we've been monitoring and working on based on the deal structures their profit share type arrangements if losses go over 100% it creates short-term pressure in our P&L and then we look to recover that contractually with rate adjustments. So it isn't more pervasive than it was. But obviously there's a little bit of elevation in terms of the severity around parts and labor costs in the auto sector which I think everyone is seeing. I do feel -- continue to feel real good about our long-term opportunity in auto. Clients are working with us incredibly well. We've taken a number of rate increases over the last 18 months, 20 months. We took more rate adjustments in the first quarter. We'll do more in the second quarter. So really it's about getting this business to the right spot over the long term. We talk about relative stability in the P&L at auto in 2024 and then progressively getting better as we enter 2025.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: You bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have another question comes from the line of Tommy McJoynt with KBW. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Hey, Tommy. Good morning.
Keith Meier: Hey, Tommy.
Tommy McJoynt: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one can you talk about as the Bank of America portfolio comes on board and perhaps also considering any other service or client additions or deletions. Is there anything that we should expect in the placement rate or the average insured values that would be different than what we should just see in the broader economy in terms of tracking mortgage delinquencies and home price appreciation anything different that's kind of changing about the nature of your tracked portfolio?
Keith Meier: Yes. So I think I mentioned in the opening remarks where we've got various changes that go on within our portfolio. Obviously, Bank of America we've talked about. We have another client that was added by another one of our clients. So that was a positive. We also have another client that was acquired by a third-party. So those loans will be coming off. So I think there's going to be a little bit of ups and downs. Some of those have lower placement rates than the average. Some of them have higher placement rates. But when you think about between now and the end of the year overall we should be up in our policy counts when you net those kind of movements within the quarters?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. And I think in a relatively stable placement rate as we exit the year Tommy, and it may bounce around a little bit. But to Keith's point, policy counts at the end of the year should be higher than where we sit today.
Tommy McJoynt: Okay. Got it. That's good color. And then switching over, can you talk about the current level and perhaps your expectations for trade-in programs and promotional activity from the carriers? And just whether or not you think that could be a swing factor in the bottom line of Connected Living as we proceed through the year?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. I think we've done a really good job maintaining overall margins in the trade-in side of the business. You think about the first quarter, obviously devices serviced were down. But as we signaled, margins are quite stable and we're making up some of that with additional volume with new clients as well. So I think we feel really good about how we're positioned. And to your point, the promotional activity was relatively light in the quarter. I think clients were focused on other things within their portfolios, and moving customers to higher tier premium rate plans et cetera and driving upgrades wasn't a huge priority in the market, but we still performed quite well financially. So I think we're well positioned. And the dynamic environment particularly with the big three mobile operators is hard to predict. And obviously, we're well positioned should that activity pick up here in the second quarter and beyond. So it's hard to predict right now Tommy, but I think we feel really well positioned.
Tommy McJoynt: Okay. Got it. And then last one, I think I may have missed it during the remarks. I think I heard you say that the reinsurance costs decreased. I didn't catch -- well, first off could you repeat those numbers? And then secondly, did you mention like what is happening to the per event retention if there were changes to that?
Keith Meier: Yeah, sure. So well, I guess first of all, we're really pleased with the outcome of moving to the single placement. It's really simplified the program. I think it was well received by the reinsurers. We mentioned that the cost of the program was down year-over-year. So we're expecting it to be approximately $190 million this year versus $207 million from last year. And overall, our per event retention stayed at one in five probable maximum loss. So that was up from $125 million. The top end of the program we actually increased from $1.4 million to $1.63 million. So moving it from 1-in-225-year to 1-in-265 year event. So a lot of good protection and lower cost. So I think overall, moving the program to the 04/01 placement date was I think a very favorable move for us. And then also, just in general in terms of the rates, the rates were favorable online given the reinsurance market. And I think that was a reflection of the quality of our book and our overall performance.
Tommy McJoynt: Got it. Thanks for recapping that. Thank you.
Keith Meier: Thank you.
Operator: There are no more further questions at this time.
Keith Demmings: Wonderful. Well, thanks everybody, and we'll look forward to the next quarter call. And please reach out to the IR team, if you have any questions. Have a great day.
Keith Meier: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2023 Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Sean Moshier, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Sean Moshier: Thank you, operator. And good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full-year 2023 results with you today.  Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Keith Meier, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2023. The release and corresponding financial supplements are available on assurant.com. Also on our website is a slide presentation that we introduced this quarter for our webcast participants.  Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release, presentation and financial supplement on our website as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and supporting materials.  We'll start today's call with remarks before moving in to Q&A. I will now turn the call over to Keith Demmings. Keith?
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Sean. And good morning, everyone. 2023 was an extraordinary year for Assurant, our seventh consecutive year of profitable growth. We drove shareholder value by delivering financial outperformance, maintaining a strong capital position and generating significant momentum throughout our businesses.  Adjusted EBITDA grew 21% to nearly $1.4 billion and adjusted EPS increased by 26%, both excluding reportable catastrophes. Our results were driven by the strength of our homeowners business within Global Housing, which delivered adjusted EBITDA growth of nearly 65% excluding cats.  In addition, our connected living business continued to grow, supported by our strong US partnerships with mobile carriers and cable operators, and our ability to innovate and execute for our clients.  Together, Lifestyle and Housing generated nearly $775 million in dividends. This allowed us to return over $350 million to shareholders, including $200 million of share repurchases. 2023 was a testament to the power and attractive financial profile of our unique and differentiated lifestyle and housing businesses.  Assurant would not have been able to achieve this level of success without our talented people, including our newly refreshed management committee, further strengthening our leadership team.  As we celebrate our 20th year as a public company, I am proud of the world class culture we've created, exemplified by the many recognitions Assurant has received throughout 2023.  Earlier this week, JUST 100 included Assurant as part of its 2024 rankings of America's most just companies, recognizing our commitment to serving our employees, customers, communities, the environment, and our shareholders.  In addition, we received recognition from Fortune as one of America's most innovative companies, and Newsweek recognized the progress we've made to incorporate sustainability into our strategy by placing us on its list of America's most responsible companies.  The dedication from our employees and leadership team, who strive to achieve our vision every day, makes it possible to innovate, to better serve our clients and create value for our shareholders.  We begin 2024 in a position of strength and with great momentum. Over the past two years, we've focused on further strengthening our business portfolio and driving operational excellence, while accelerating innovation.  By investing in businesses where we have leadership positions, we believe we're well positioned for future success. For instance, within Global Lifestyle, we've grown our presence in specialized markets, including in the commercial equipment space, where acquisitions have contributed to new client partnerships.  We've strengthened our company through active portfolio management, making decisions to exit businesses that are not core to our long term strategy. This included exiting our sharing economy offerings and international cat exposed businesses in housing, further simplifying our portfolio.  We've made significant progress in driving operational excellence across Assurant with a streamline organizational structure and real estate footprint. We've implemented digital first initiatives across our operations to support our businesses and drive value for end consumers.  Finally, we've accelerated innovation in a variety of ways to drive our business growth. Moving forward, technology innovation will continue to be an important driver of growth and value creation for Assurant.  Our approach has driven success within our financial results, and is evident in our track record of winning new business and renewing client partnerships. This expansion of our client base is an integral part of our strategy, and creates important tailwinds as we look toward the future.  Now, turning to highlights across our business segments. For 2023, Global Lifestyle earnings were relatively flat on a constant currency basis. In connected living, 2023 represented another year of growth for the business with a 3% increase in earnings.  Within our US business, we drove high single-digit EBITDA growth as we continue to innovate and execute for our growing carrier and cable operator clients through our device protection programs. We strengthened critical partnerships, including Spectrum Mobile, where we provide mobile protection, trade-in and other value-added services.  In addition, we expanded our trade-in programs with major OEMs by adding a large new partner, as well as renewing AT&T, where we're deploying robotics in our mobile device facilities throughout the US.  We continue to make progress internationally. In Europe, we stabilized earnings by driving expense efficiencies while continuing to address ongoing macroeconomic challenges.  Throughout Asia-Pacific, we're excited by our market position and our long term outlook. We're very pleased to announce a new partnership with Telstra, Australia's largest mobile operator. Our new multi-year deal will allow us to provide comprehensive products to support the end-to-end device lifecycle for Telstra's broad base of customers, including their core mobile protection program, as well as trade-in and repair capabilities. This partnership is significant as we continue to build our presence in Asia-Pacific.  Turning to auto, year-over-year declines were driven by inflationary impacts on claims costs. Beginning in 2022, we took decisive action to address significant inflation that impacted the auto repair industry.  For the handful of deals structures where we've been negatively impacted by underwriting results, we successfully partnered with our clients to implement meaningful rate increases, while making important changes to strengthen and enhance our claims adjudication process. Given the longer average duration of our auto service contracts, we'll earn through the full benefit of these actions over time, with improvement expected to begin in 2024.  Based on the actions taken in auto and the continued growth of connected living, we feel well positioned to deliver Global Lifestyle growth in 2024.  Let's move on to Global Housing. In 2023, the segment grew significantly, driving our overall enterprise performance. Growth was led by our homeowners business, which was supported by higher premiums and in-force policy growth. The business rebounded from inflation impacts on claims experienced in 2022 and also benefited from favorable prior-year reserve development.  In addition to highlighting the significant earnings power of the business, our 2023 housing results demonstrated differentiated returns and strong cash flow. Excluding favorable prior-year development, our 2023 combined ratio was 83%, including $111 million of reportable cats, which was below our assumed annual cat load of $140 million.  We are also very pleased to announce a new partnership in our lender-placed business. Beginning in the first quarter of 2024, we'll provide lender-placed insurance services to Bank of America's 1.8 million loan portfolio, further enhancing our market position and validating the competitive strength of our offerings.  In renters and other, we increased earnings modestly in 2023 as our property management channel continued to expand. Written premiums in the property management channel grew nearly 20% in 2023. Along with adding new clients, we also achieved double-digit growth across 8 of our top 10 PMC clients, creating significant business momentum. Growth was supported by the continued expansion of Cover360 where we now track over 1 million residents, a nearly 45% increase over the prior year.  Technology innovation also enhanced our digital customer experience, including a new digital agent leasing portal and expanded claims processing powered by machine learning.  Let's turn to our 2024 enterprise outlook. We expect continued profitable growth in 2024, driven by our business momentum. While growth is expected to be lower than the significant outperformance we delivered in 2023, we expect our 2024 results will demonstrate the combined earnings power of our advantage portfolio.  Adjusted EBITDA excluding cats is expected to grow mid-single-digits, with Global Lifestyle and Global Housing delivering similar growth rates for the year.  Adjusted EPS growth is expected to modestly trail adjusted EBITDA growth, primarily reflecting higher annual depreciation expenses related to technology investments critical in executing our strategy.  Before concluding, I'd like to introduce our recently appointed CFO, Keith Meier. Keith has been with Assurant for over 25 years and has served in leadership positions, managing P&Ls across many of Assurant's businesses.  In his most recent role as Chief Operating Officer, Keith led the transformation of our technology and drove significant operational efforts to support the end customer experience. I have no doubt that Keith as our CFO will be an enabler of driving profitable growth, while allocating capital strategically.  Now over to Keith to review our quarterly results and 2024 outlook in further detail.
Keith Meier: Thanks, Keith. And good morning, everyone. Before reviewing the quarterly results, I'd like to share my perspectives as I'm about to wrap up my first 90 days as Assurant CFO.  During my time at Assurant, I've been fortunate to have led several businesses, as well as take on a variety of other roles across the organization, including most recently leading our technology and operational teams.  These experiences have provided me with deep insights into our global clients, and the understanding of what is needed to deliver a high level of business performance, always backed by strong financial expertise and discipline.  As CFO, driving growth and financial performance will continue to be my priorities. I'm focused on ensuring our capital position remains strong as we create additional shareholder value and drive profitable growth through further innovation and differentiation within our product portfolio.  As I look toward the future, I'm also focused on continued expense efficiencies by utilizing digital and AI technology, which also enables us to deliver better customer experiences.  Lastly, I've appreciated the opportunity to meet with many of our investors, employees and clients over the last several months, and their willingness to share observations about Assurant as I began my tenure as CFO. Our discussions have enabled me to better shape my views and the path going forward.  Now, let's talk about our fourth quarter financial results, which reinforced the strength of our businesses and the performance that we've seen throughout the year.  For the quarter, adjusted EBITDA grew 29% to $382 million and adjusted EPS increased by 38% to $4.90, both excluding reportable catastrophes. Adjusted earnings and EPS growth were driven by year-over-year growth in both Housing and Lifestyle.  Our capital position remains strong, generating $280 million of segment dividends in the fourth quarter, and ending the year with $606 million of holding company liquidity. This allowed us to return $169 million to shareholders in the quarter, including $130 million of share repurchases.  Let's review the businesses, beginning with Global Lifestyle. For the quarter, adjusted EBITDA grew 12% to $205 million, led by strong earnings growth of 23% within connected living, as our US mobile protection programs continued to grow. Higher yields on invested assets also contributed to the improved fourth quarter results.  Globally, our trade-in programs represent a critical component of our device lifecycle value proposition, as well as a fee-based income driver supporting the growth of our mobile business. Throughout 2023, we serviced over 25 million devices, including 7.5 million in the fourth quarter, which represented a high watermark for the year.  While trade-in results were down modestly year-over-year, we saw fee income growth from higher sale prices for used devices and contributions from new US trade-in programs.  Internationally, we continue to be impacted by subscriber declines in Japan, but have stabilized performance in a challenging macroeconomic backdrop.  In global auto, fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was relatively flat, as higher claims costs from inflation were offset by higher investment income. Claims were also elevated from the expected normalization of auto ancillary products and from international clients.  During the latter part of the year, we saw positive signs in US loss trends, as we began to benefit from prospective rate increases that were implemented.  Turning to net earned premiums, fees and other income, Lifestyle grew by $268 million or 13%. Growth from global automotive, which increased 14%, was due to $85 million of non-run rate premium adjustments with no corresponding earnings impact, as well as prior periods sales of vehicle service contracts.  Connected living's net earned premiums, fees and other income increased 12%, benefiting from contributions from new trade-in programs, higher prices on used mobile devices and modest growth in North American mobile subscribers. Looking ahead to 2024, we expect Global Lifestyle's adjusted EBITDA to grow, driven by both connected living and global automotive. We expect growth in connected living to be led by the continued expansion of our US business. We expect Japan and Europe to remain generally stable throughout the year. In global auto, we expect rate actions taken over the past 18 months to drive improvement over time, beginning in 2024.  Investments related to new client implementations will temper growth in 2024 for Lifestyle, but are critical levers to expand our portfolio and strengthen our business over the long term.  We continue to monitor foreign exchange impacts, broader macroeconomic conditions and interest rates, which may impact the pace and timing of growth. In terms of full year net earned premiums, fees and other income, lifestyle is expected to grow mainly from our connected living business.  Moving to Global Housing, 2023 was truly a strong year. We drove growth from the actions taken over the past few years to ensure rate adequacy and drive expense leverage, while benefiting from the streamlining that we undertook to simplify our portfolio.  Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $186 million, which included $22 million of reportable cats. Excluding reportable cats, adjusted EBITDA increased by nearly 50% or $68 million to $208 million. Two-thirds of the increase was driven by favorable non-cat loss experience and homeowners, including a favorable year-over-year impact of $35 million related to prior-period reserve development. This was comprised of $40 million of reserve reductions in the current quarter compared to a $5 million reduction in the fourth quarter of 2022.  The remainder of the adjusted EBITDA increase was from continued top line growth in homeowners from higher premiums and an increase in the number of in-force policies. Higher investment income also contributed to earnings growth.  Growth was partially offset by incremental expenses to support new business and an increase to our catastrophe reinsurance premium.  For renters and other, earnings were flat as growth in our property management channel was offset by softer affinity channel volumes.  For the full-year 2024, we expect Global Housing adjusted EBITDA excluding reportable cats to grow, driven by continued top line momentum in homeowners.  In 2023, we benefited from $54 million of favorable prior-year reserve development. Our expectation is to deliver growth in housing in 2024, overcoming the $54 million of favorable prior-year reserve development, demonstrating the strength of the housing business.  As Keith discussed, we will begin onboarding 1.8 million loans from Bank of America in the first quarter. When fully onboarded, we expect the placement rate of the book to be below Assurant's current portfolio average of 1.8%, which may impact overall placement rate trends. Due to implementation expenses, we do not expect these loans to contribute significantly to adjusted EBITDA in 2024.  In terms of our cat reinsurance program, we have transitioned to a single April 1 placement date beginning this year. This greatly simplifies our placement process while maintaining comprehensive coverage in the market.  As this is a transition year, we placed virtually all of our 2024 program in January, with some smaller components remaining for the April placement. For our 2024 program, our program retention will increase to $150 million, aligning with a one in five year probable maximum loss or PML as we continue to optimize risk and return. This is consistent with our 2023 program.  We've expanded our risk protection to align with exposure by increasing our top end limit to protect against a 1 in 265 PML event. Over the past two years, we've continued to increase our capital protection, increasing the top end of our program from a 1 in 174 PML in 2022 to a 1 in 225 PML in 2023 and now a 1 in 265 PML in 2024. Reflecting on these expected changes, we now estimate the appropriate cat load to be $155 million for 2024.  Given the exit of our international property business and the better market pricing as we leverage our strong reinsurer relationships, we expect modest overall cost savings in 2024. We will provide further updates on the reinsurance program in May.  Moving to corporate. The fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA loss was $30 million, a $3 million year-over-year increase, mainly due to higher employee-related expenses. For 2024, we expect the corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to approximate $105 million.  Turning to capital management. As we look forward to 2024, we expect to continue to generate significant capital and focus on maintaining balance and flexibility to support business growth.  For the full year, we expect our businesses to generate meaningful cash flows, approximating two thirds of segment adjusted EBITDA, including reportable cats.  Cash flow expectations assume a continuation of the current macroeconomic environment and are subject to the growth of the businesses, investment portfolio performance and rating agency and regulatory requirements.  We repurchased $200 million of common stock in 2023 and currently expect share repurchases to be in the range of $200 million to $300 million for 2024, which will depend on strategic M&A opportunities, market conditions, and cat activity.  As you can see, we are well positioned to deliver another year of growth in 2024 through the power of the Assurant franchise.  I'll now turn the call back to Keith Demmings to share his views on performance, as supported by our differentiated business model. Keith?
Keith Demmings : I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss why we believe that Assurant is so attractively valued today. Assurant is a powerful differentiated business with unique advantages that have outperformed over time.  Our B2B2C business model throughout lifestyle and housing is different from other insurers and service-oriented companies. Not only do we operate in unique, highly specialized and attractive markets, but we hold strong market positions and benefit from our scale.  At our core, we provide specialty insurance solutions and fee-based services that are often deeply integrated with our large clients as we play an important role delivering services to their end customers. Our alignment with industry leaders and market disruptors has helped us generate significant scale within our businesses.  Our competitive advantages are further strengthened by our broad set of capabilities that allow us to innovate and execute for our partners and customers, enabling us to be flexible and agile.  We have compelling and unique aspects of our business model that we believe create advantages. Our low capital intensity businesses allow us to grow efficiently, while generating additional capital for deployment. This is evident through our capital efficiency and strong cash generation of $3.5 billion over the last five years.  Our risk profile is attractive. Earnings volatility is lowered by the risk sharing structures within our business models, reducing the impacts of macroeconomic volatility. For example, throughout connected living and global auto, approximately two-thirds of total risk is reinsured or profit shared to our partners.  Within housing, our portfolio simplification efforts have focused on exiting more capital intensive businesses, which has enhanced our risk profile. In addition, our robust catastrophe program substantially limits retained risk due to the low per occurrence retention level and high limit at the top end of the tower.  Lastly, we're well positioned to adjust pricing to enable our targeted rates of return. Lender-placed is a prime example where a product has a built-in annual inflation guard feature to ensure policy pricing accounts for higher labor and materials cost, as we've seen over the last two years.  In auto, most of our client deals structures share in the risk through reinsurance or profit shares. This creates close alignment between Assurant's underlying economics and our client's financial results.  Given this dynamic, we have the ability to adjust rates together with our clients to account for inflation impacts in the broader market. Over the past 18 months, we've successfully worked with our clients to put through prospective rate increases on new vehicle service contracts.  Financial performance is paramount for Assurant. While growth may not always be linear, we've delivered average annual earnings and EPS growth of double digits since 2019, which has generated significant cash flow. Our 2024 outlook adds to this historical growth that we've delivered.  To demonstrate the strength of our business model, we thought it would be useful to show how we perform versus a broad group of insurers on an adjusted earnings basis given the available data. Please keep in mind this example is not to suggest a new peer group. We've selected the S&P 1500 P&C index to highlight our performance against a credible and broad index that includes members we're often compared to, including specialty and P&C insurers.  Over the past five years, we've grown double digits and outperform the index. Our average annual adjusted earnings growth rate excluding cats of 12% is almost double the index growth rate of 7% over the same time period.  Including reportable cats, we've also outpaced the market, driving 10% average annual growth versus the index growth rate of 6%. We believe that our consistent ability to demonstrate strong, profitable growth in returns with lower volatility and required capital makes Assurant attractively valued.  I'm confident that we'll continue to drive long term profitable growth and create shareholder value.  And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities.
Mark Hughes: The BofA, you said that the placement rate is going to be lower? Is that just because of placement rate on an underlying basis is lower? Or is that – the actual premiums and the covered homes are not being transferred over to you?
Keith Demmings: No, we're going to be picking up all of the loans and then all of the policies, but the placement rate on that particular block of business is just lower than the average. If you look at our current average, it's 1.8%. It'll be south of that, just the nature of the loans and the nature of the business. But to the more fundamental point, really excited about the opportunity and many years in the making, and a huge congratulations to our lender-placed team for doing an incredible job building a relationship. And then obviously getting to this point is incredibly exciting and extremely validating.
Mark Hughes: On the homeowners business, a favorable reserve development. Was that just because Hurricane Ian turned out better than expected or are you seeing a fundamental change in underlying trends? It seems like the non-cat losses have been very favorable lately? Is it something we should view as a sustained, sustainable?
Keith Meier: This is Keith Meier. So I think the first thing I would say is the positive reserve development was more in relation to the higher inflationary environment that we had previously. Now that that's more settled, that's what's really been the change in the estimates that our team has made there. So I think that was more the driver than any other type of weather activity or any other type of experience. So I think that was the key there.  In terms of your question on the quarter, the way to think about that is if you take out the prior year, the prior period development, and over the whole year, we basically are about at about a 40% non-cat loss ratio. It's about a point better than last year. And then if you think about, looking at 2024, we would see our non-cat loss ratio to be somewhat level to what we're seeing in 2023. So that's probably the way to think about our views on the non-cat loss ratio.
Keith Demmings:
Keith Demmings: And just one final thought. Modestly better in the quarter when you make the adjustment at 38%. But that's just normal seasonality, nothing we would really point to there, Mark.
Mark Hughes: If I can squeeze in one more, the fee income in Lifestyle was up substantially, much more so than the devices service. What was going on there? 
Keith Meier: That's mainly the higher trade-in volumes that we have seen in the fourth quarter. So, in the fourth quarter, we also saw the addition of two new programs. So, one with one of the major OEMs and then also a program that cuts across several of our other clients. Then that's also tempered a little bit by some of the promotional activity. But, overall, we felt really good about the trade-in performance in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler. 
John Barnidge: My first question, I know there was an expense reduction program in December 2022 with full savings emerging in 2024. Are you able to talk about geography of those savings that's supposed to emerge in 2024 and how you view the run rate Global Housing expense ratio?
Keith Meier: It's a blend of both employee actions, as well as some of our facilities that we've been able to gain some efficiencies on as well.  But I think in terms of the expense efficiencies for housing, we had a really, really strong year. And it's really been the story of the last couple of years, especially a lot of our technology investments and the work that we've done through our digital programs, and really driving an even better customer experience.  When you look at our expense ratio year-over-year, we're down 6 points from 46 to about 40. And so, that really has been the story of a lot of our technology investments that we've been making. And I think that's what's enabling us to – if you think, into 2024, we should be able to take a lot more expense leverage with the growth we had in housing, but not increasing our expenses in a corresponding way. So really proud of the work that our teams have done there to not just lower the cost, but also create advantages in the market. And I think when you think about the customer experience that we've been delivering, I think that's a great example of why a client like Bank of America would want to do business with Assurant. So I think those investments are paying off in multiple ways.
John Barnidge: On auto input costs, can you maybe talk about the ability to recoup the elevated auto input costs through contracted actions for 2024? I think you talked about improvement expected this year? 
Keith Demmings: Maybe I'll take that. And I think what I would say is, there's a handful of clients and deal structures where we're feeling the pressure on the underwriting results, which we've talked about. We've made significant rate adjustments over the last 18 months or so, with all five of these clients and feel really good about how we're positioned. The relationships are incredibly strong. To your point, our contracts are built with transparency. We've got very much aligned interests in terms of financial performance. So we put a lot of rate in, we'll continue to look at performance, obviously monitor claims activity.  I would say that we saw things level off in the fourth quarter, which is a good sign. We've stabilized severity in the business. And then, based on the nature of these service contracts, it takes a little longer for it to earn through than when you think about what happened within the housing, business. Those are annual policies. These are three, four or five, six year policies. So it's a little bit different from that perspective. But I would say we feel really well positioned and certainly see improvement in 2024, and that should continuing to flow through in 2025 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tommy McJoyntt with KBW.
Thomas McJoyntt: Sounds like there's a couple moving pieces related to the mobile side. So you called out some upcoming investments in that space. And you also have the onboarding of Telstra in Australia. Are you able to quantify some of the figures around that, in terms of the investment costs, the onboarding costs, and then what the run rate, either revenue or earnings contribution, from Telstra could be? We're just trying to think about after the next 12 months, sort of what the earnings power of that connected living mobile device business might look like? 
Keith Demmings: I'll probably offer a couple of thoughts. Obviously, it's a pretty exciting development. We're super proud of the team in Australia. And it's a great example of leveraging our capabilities and our global reach. It's going to roll out in phases. We expect to launch in the first quarter, and then there's a number of different phases to the rollout. So it'll be, I would say, probably modestly EBITDA negative this year in terms of the investment to get that wrapped up. Obviously, I would expect it to be significantly improved certainly in 2025 – sorry, in 2025 over 2024.  In terms of the size and scale of investments, so one thing I would say, Tommy, there's quite a bit of investment going on with Assurant. Certainly, we talked about BofA, but even just on the lifestyle and connected living side, Telstra is one example. Obviously, we're talking about it publicly. But there are also a lot of other investments that we're making, building out capabilities. And we're in many, many discussions with different clients, different prospects, about rolling out new product, new services. So I would say we probably have more investment going on, even beyond Telstra, within connected living this year than we would in a normal average year.  When we talk about mid-single-digit growth for lifestyle, you could probably think about the investment, putting pressure on that by a few points. So it would be more in the high single-digit range, if we weren't making some of these – what for us are significant investments in the future.
Thomas McJoyntt: Appreciate you quantifying some of those numbers. You also separately reported some pretty high net investment yields across the various business lines this quarter and even for the full year. Is there any upside to the net investment income from here? And what's the sensitivity of those various portfolios to potential rate cuts?
Keith Meier: Tommy, I think, one, in terms of our expectations for next year, we see investment income being relatively flat to slightly up. You mentioned the higher results for this quarter. We had our real estate joint venture sale. So, that contributed. We don't think we'll have as high of real estate sales into next year. But we do think it should be relatively positive going into next year. Right now, our portfolio book yield is at 4.99%, so just under 5%. New money rates will be a little bit higher than that. And so, we do expect as the year goes on, of course, the Feds expected to reduce rates through the year. So depending on the timing of some of those rate changes, those will be kind of offsetting the increase that you saw this year. So, overall, we think we're in a pretty good place from an investment income standpoint, but probably slightly up for next year.
Keith Demmings: Tommy, just to add a little bit more color on how I'm thinking about that. When you look at the overall guide for the year, we're overcoming $54 million of PYD in housing. And then, we don't have material tailwinds on investment income. It might be modestly positive, but not like what we saw this year. So, obviously, being able to deliver strong growth on top of those two factors, we feel really good about, along with the investments that I mentioned earlier.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of them here. First one, I'm just curious. Keith, you mentioned that Japan was going to be relatively flat this year. I'm just curious kind of how we should think about that with respect to the contract kind of changes that are going on. Is that kind of ending in 2024? There's still pressures there and you expect some growth? And then, also on that, kind of maybe you can tell us what your kind of baseline macro assumption is in your kind of outlook for 2024?
Keith Meier: Starting with Japan, we mentioned the four-year customer contracts that were running off, and then the new contracts were evergreen, that's still going to be a bit of a pressure for us, not as much as 2023, but they'll still be a pressure for us in 2024.  I think that is offset a little bit by some new structures and new programs that we have launched in Japan. So that's where that you'll see that moderating. And I think longer term, I feel even better about Japan where, a few years ago, we only had a couple of relationships with the mobile carriers. Now you fast forward to today, we've got active business that we do with all of the four top mobile operators. And so, in our business, it's not easy to win big clients, but when you can be an existing partner already, and then be able to grow that relationship from there, I think that puts us in a very good position and why we have a lot of optimism for the future of Japan. But with some of those new programs coming up, I think that's what's allowed us to feel like we've gotten past some of those headwinds from before.
Keith Demmings: We certainly stabilized Japan here, if we look at the last couple of quarters, Q3 and Q4 in terms of the overall financial performance. So we feel good about that. And I would say as we look forward to 2024, expect to see some modest improvement over time. And then, to Keith's point, longer term, still an exciting market for us.
Keith Meier: In terms of the macroeconomic conditions, Brian, I don't think we're expecting anything significant. Obviously, we talked about interest rates and things like that. But beyond that, there's nothing that's contemplated that's that significant.
Brian Meredith: One other just quick one here. On the BofA deal, I'm assuming your kind of guidance for cat load for this year includes the BofA deal?
Keith Meier: Yes, it does. 
Operator: Our final question is coming from Grace Carter with Bank of America.  It does appear we did lose Grace. One moment please. It does appear that Grace has dropped off the call, gentlemen.
Keith Demmings: No problem. All right. And that was the last question. Am I correct? 
Operator: That is correct, sir. 
Keith Demmings: Wonderful. Okay. We will call it a wrap for today and we'll look forward to speaking to everybody again in May. And then, obviously, in the meantime, please feel free to reach out to our IR team who'll be happy to answer any questions that anybody has. But thanks very much, and we'll talk soon.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2023 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer.  Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the third quarter of 2023. The release and corresponding financial supplements are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with remarks from Keith and Richard before moving into a Q&A session.  Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release and financial supplement as well as in our SEC reports.  During today's call, we will refer to our non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplements.  It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Suzanne, and good morning, everyone. We're very pleased with the exceptionally strong results we achieved in the third quarter with adjusted EBITDA, excluding catastrophes, growing nearly 50% year-over-year or 19% on a year-to-date basis, both ahead of our expectations.  Our results were largely driven by continued momentum in Global Housing and our steadfast focus on executing our strategy, including driving innovation, creating efficiencies and strengthening our global partnerships. These efforts have positioned us to exceed our previous expectations of high single-digit adjusted EBITDA growth, excluding catastrophes. We now expect adjusted EBITDA growth of mid- to high-teens. Our year-to-date performance highlights Assurant's competitive differentiators, including our advantaged Global Housing and Global Lifestyle businesses that have proven leadership positions with scale and significant cash generation. Combined, these businesses are extending Assurant's track record of strong financial performance, thanks in part to the swift actions we've taken across our global operations to improve results and strengthen the business given broader macroeconomic headwinds. We continue to realize benefits from the actions we announced in 2022 to simplify our business and corporate real estate and realign our organizational structure, allowing us to reinvest throughout the enterprise. We extended our 2022 restructuring plan to include additional actions across the enterprise as we believe further enhancing Assurant's operational efficiency will support our long-term profitable growth and value creation.  We now expect total restructuring costs associated with our extended plan to be between $90 million and $95 million pretax, above our previously announced expectations of $60 million to $65 million.  Looking at our business segments. In Global Housing, I want to thank all of our employees who supported policyholders impacted by Hurricane Idalia and the Hawaii wildfires, as well as several other significant weather events during the quarter.  Assurant plays a critical role in safeguarding our policyholders and supporting the U.S. mortgage industry. Our Global Housing adjusted EBITDA, excluding cats, more than doubled year-over-year and increased 72% year-to-date, led by significant growth in our homeowners business through top line growth and improving loss experience.  Our ability to quickly execute changes, particularly in our lender-placed business, has helped us gain earnings momentum from higher in-force policies, average insured values and state-approved rate increases following inflation impacts in 2022.  Our performance so far this year highlights Global Housing's compelling and uniquely positioned portfolio. Year-to-date, including $89 million of reportable catastrophes, our combined ratio is 82% and our annualized ROE is 29%, demonstrating strong returns and cash generation.  In our Renters business, we saw continued strength in our property management channel, where policies in-force have grown double digits this year. We continue to win new clients, grow existing partnerships and release new capabilities, including our upgraded leasing agent portal and digital insurance tracking enhancements. We're very pleased with Global Housing's strong performance year-to-date, which reflects our focused execution around streamlined product lines where we have a clear competitive advantage and scale.  Turning to Global Lifestyle. Third quarter earnings increased 7% year-over-year or 14% excluding a onetime client benefit within Connected Living last year. Year-to-date adjusted EBITDA down 6% versus the same period in '22 has continued to improve throughout the year and is tracking in line with our expectations of a modest decline for the full year.  Within Connected Living, we continue to support long-term growth through the development of innovative offerings for our partners. U.S. Connected Living is poised for another year of solid growth, particularly within our mobile protection business, a testament to our breadth of innovative offerings, customer experience expertise and deep relationships with mobile carriers and cable operators.  As macroeconomic headwinds have persisted, including impacts from inflation, we've taken decisive action across our global operations to mitigate these impacts. In Europe, expense actions have allowed us to stabilize earnings as we focus on critical opportunities to grow our top line. We also continue to invest to advance product innovation and anticipate our clients' needs as well as improve customer experience through expanded service delivery capabilities. For example, as part of the extension of our '22 plan to realize benefits and simplify our business in corporate real estate, we're consolidating our mobile device care centers into 2 sites in the U.S.  We'll move the services currently offered in York, Pennsylvania to our existing facility in Texas. Over time, we'll be investing in a new site in Nashville, where we can leverage a strong talent market and greater logistics efficiencies as we evolve with emerging clients.  Turning to our Global Auto business. We're beginning to see initial signs of claims improvement, as a result of the decisive actions taken over the last year to improve performance. These actions included implementing rate increases on new policies across impacted clients and advancing opportunities to improve loss experience for programs where we hold the risk. We continue to monitor claims costs closely and expect improvement will be gradual over time given the way the auto business earns.  In auto, we launched Assurant Vehicle Care at over 500 dealers. Building on decades of proprietary data on cost of claims, Assurant Vehicle Care is a comprehensive new suite of vehicle protection products. It was developed to help our dealer partners optimize product design, pricing, training and sales to ultimately enhance attachment and economics. For the consumer, Assurant Vehicle Care provides a digital experience with more vehicle coverage, flexibility and transparency.  Now let's turn to our enterprise outlook and capital. Given our year-to-date results and our business outlook for the remainder of 2023, we now expect adjusted EBITDA to grow mid- to high-teens, excluding catastrophes. Adjusted EPS growth is now expected to exceed adjusted EBITDA growth, each excluding catastrophes. This is primarily due to higher earnings growth that now more than offsets the increase in depreciation expense.  From a capital perspective, we upstreamed $202 million of segment dividends during the third quarter and $493 million year-to-date. We ended the third quarter with $491 million of holding company liquidity consistent with the end of the second quarter.  In terms of share repurchases, during the third quarter, repurchases totaled $50 million. This brings our total repurchases to approximately $100 million for the year, including an additional $30 million of shares purchased through the end of October. Based on our strong year-to-date results, we expect fourth quarter buybacks to accelerate from third quarter levels and to be approximately $200 million for the year, consistent with our underlying repurchase activity in 2022. We're pleased with our strong capital position, which affords us more long-term flexibility over time.  Looking to 2024, we expect a more modest level of earnings growth in Global Housing, excluding catastrophes, building on strong 2023 financial results, which included $40 million of favorable prior year reserve development.  In Global Lifestyle, we expect earnings growth to be led by Connected Living, particularly in the U.S. from the expansion of current programs, as we work to gradually improve the auto business, which we will continue to manage closely.  From a capital perspective, we're committed to maintaining flexibility for our strong balance sheet and deploying capital for share repurchases and opportunistic acquisitions to support our growth objectives. We will share our 2024 outlook in February, factoring in our fourth quarter earnings, business trends as well as the latest forecast of the macro environment for the year.  In the near term, we're focused on achieving our 2023 objectives and setting a path for continued growth and value creation in 2024 and beyond. As we look ahead, we remain committed to execution, innovation and enhancing the customer experience for our clients and their end consumers, particularly as we look to capitalize on growth opportunities while supporting continued momentum.  Before I turn the call over to Richard to review the third quarter results and our 2023 outlook in greater detail. I want to once again thank our employees for their hard work and dedication to deliver for our clients.  Our company was recently recognized as one of TIME's best companies in the world, highlighting Assurant's strong employee satisfaction, revenue growth and sustainability efforts. Assurant was also recognized by Newsweek as one of America's greatest companies. Demonstrating our commitment to and progress in operating more sustainably.  The recognition was timely as we recently introduced Carbon IQ by Assurant. This offering enables clients to see the carbon impact of each device, including new and refurbished devices and provides them with estimated CO2 emissions throughout the supply chain and life cycle to identify opportunities for reduction.  We're honored to be recognized for our outstanding culture, products and sustainability all of which help us better serve our clients. And now over to Richard.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. For the third quarter of 2023, adjusted EBITDA, excluding reportable catastrophes, totaled $357 million, up $118 million or nearly 50% year-over-year. Adjusted earnings per share, excluding reportable catastrophes, totaled $4.68 for the quarter, delivering year-over-year growth of 67%.  To review results in greater detail, let's start with Global Lifestyle. The segment reported adjusted EBITDA of $192 million in the third quarter, an increase of $12 million or 7% year-over-year. As a reminder, prior period results included a onetime client benefit of $11 million within Connected Living. Excluding the prior period gain, Global Lifestyle's adjusted EBITDA increased 14% or $24 million.  This increase was primarily driven by higher contributions from investment income and mobile growth. Connected Living earnings increased $30 million or 32% excluding the onetime client benefit, demonstrating strong mobile growth from North American device protection programs from carrier and cable operator clients and better trade-in performance.  Financial Services also contributed to the growth. Trading results benefited from improved margins related to higher sales prices for used devices, partially offset by lower volumes, impacted by the timing and structure of carrier promotions.  In Europe, we stabilized performance through expense actions, mitigating the impact of headwinds that began in the second half of 2022. In Japan, results were impacted by subscriber decline which is expected to continue into 2024.  Global Auto adjusted EBITDA declined $6 million or 8%. Results continue to be impacted by inflation of labor and parts leading to higher average claims costs. As expected, claims experience for auto ancillary products has also contributed to higher incurred claims costs in the quarter.  The auto earnings decline was partially offset by an increase in investment income from higher yields and asset values.  Turning to net earned premiums, fees and other income. Lifestyle was up by $83 million or 4%. This growth was primarily driven by Global Automotive, reflecting an increase of 6% from prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. Connected Living's net earned premiums, fees and other income increased 3%. Growth was muted by the previously disclosed mobile program contract changes of approximately $55 million with no corresponding impact to profitability. Excluding the impact of these contract changes, Connected Living's net earned premiums, fees and other income grew by 8%.  The quarter benefited from higher prices on used mobile devices and modest growth in North America mobile subscribers, excluding ongoing client runoff.  Turning to the full year 2023. We continue to expect Lifestyle's adjusted EBITDA to decline modestly. Global Auto will be down for the full year from unfavorable loss experience, including the impacts from continued normalization for select ancillary products previously mentioned. We've taken decisive actions this year in response to higher claims experience in our auto book, including prospective rate increases and repair cost reduction. While we've seen some improvement, the improvement is expected to take place over a longer period of time given the earnings pattern of the business.  In Connected Living, we expect our U.S. business to grow for the full year. Overall, we are pleased with Lifestyle's strong third quarter performance, especially in light of ongoing challenges in auto claims. For the fourth quarter, we expect higher trade-in volumes in mobile, but we also expect ongoing top line challenges in Japan and Europe and investments to support business growth. In terms of full year net earned premiums, fees and other income, Lifestyle is expected to grow consistent with year-to-date trends.  Moving to Global Housing. Adjusted EBITDA was $165 million, which included $26 million in reportable catastrophes, primarily from Hurricane Idalia and Hawaii wildfires. Excluding reportable catastrophes, adjusted EBITDA more than doubled to $191 million, with an increase of $106 million.  Housing performance was mainly led by 3 main items: First, continued top line growth in homeowners from higher premium rates and average insured values in lender-placed as well as an increase in the number of in-force policies. Second, favorable non-cat loss experience across the segment, including a year-over-year positive impact of $39 million related to prior period reserve development. This was comprised of $15 million of reserve reductions in the current quarter compared to reserve strengthening of $24 million in the prior period.  And lastly, additional scale within our homeowners expense base ultimately driving stronger operating leverage. Higher investment income also contributed to earnings growth for homeowners.  For Renters and Others, earnings grew modestly from favorable prior period reserve development. Growth within the property management channel was offset by softer affinity channel volumes. For the full year 2023, we expect Global Housing adjusted EBITDA, excluding reportable cats, to grow significantly due to the strong homeowners performance, driven by top line expansion in lender-placed and favorable non-cat loss experience.  In the fourth quarter, we expect higher expenses to support business growth. In addition, the third quarter included $15 million of favorable prior period development.  Moving to corporate. The third quarter adjusted EBITDA loss was $26 million, representing a modest year-over-year increase, mainly related to higher employee expenses. For the full year 2023, we continue to expect the corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to approximate $105 million.  Turning to holding company liquidity. We ended the quarter with $491 million and dividends from our operating segments totaled $202 million. In addition to cash used for corporate and interest expenses, third quarter cash outflows included 3 items, $50 million of share repurchases, $37 million for common stock dividends and $50 million to complete the repayment of our September 2023 notes.  As Keith mentioned, given our year-to-date performance and outlook for the year as well as the strength of Assurant's balance sheet, we expect to achieve full year share repurchases of approximately $200 million.  For the full year, we continue to expect our businesses to generate meaningful cash flows, approximating 65% of segment adjusted EBITDA, including reportable catastrophes. Cash flow expectations assume a continuation of the current economic environment and are subject to the growth of the businesses, investment portfolio performance and rating agency and regulatory requirements.  In closing, through the resilience of our unique business model, the decisive management actions taken and our intense client focus, we are confident in our ability to achieve the higher full year objectives we have outlined today.  And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from the line of Mark Hughes of Truist.
Mark Hughes: Keith, Richard, I really like this housing business, and I'm glad you didn't listen to those people who said you should divest it. Little [indiscernible]. On the housing business, increased policy count, how much of that is coming from, say, voluntary versus some uptick perhaps in the delinquencies or foreclosures or REO?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I'd say, first of all, yes, we're pretty excited about the results in housing and it's tremendous amount of work by the team in the last year, and it's really showing through here the last few quarters, and we're building a lot of momentum.  I would say very little of the policy growth relates to the underlying economy or REO at all. We're really seeing no change in placement rate based on economic conditions, maybe a little bit of increase in policy count in a state like California, I'd say very modest, but a bit of a harder market. So we're seeing a little bit of growth there. Florida, basically flat year-to-date. So most of the growth is clients and client loan-related mix and nothing yet in terms of the broader economy.
Mark Hughes: What's your sense of the opportunity for sustained momentum, say, in higher values or higher rate? Has that activity peaked perhaps? Or is there still some way to go on both those fronts?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I mean, obviously, we work on rates related to that product line consistently state by state. We also have, as you know, the average insured value adjustment that we do in the summer every year. And obviously, last summer, we put a meaningful double-digit increase into average insured values. This year, it was just over 3%, 3.1% that went into July.  And then state by state, based on historical performance and expected costs, we continue to work with states. I feel like we still have momentum running through the portfolio. We haven't -- certainly haven't topped out in terms of the impact from the rate adjustments. But we do see it tapering and slowing. Certainly, as we think about Q4 as we head into 2024.  But year-to-date, feel good with where our loss ratios sit. In housing, we're 42% non-cat loss ratio if you adjust for prior period development, very consistent with where we were last year. So we feel like the rates that we have are certainly appropriate. And as we see impacts on cost of claims will modify as we go forward.
Mark Hughes: Then one final one. Your fee income was up in Lifestyle, your devices service were down 20%-plus. I think you mentioned the higher value per device. Anything else contributing to that, just the divergence between the fee income and the device fee service?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So if we think about that year-over-year, certainly, volumes are down. We saw softer promotional activity in the third quarter, not out of alignment with what we expected. We did see a pickup in the back half of September, obviously, after new product introduction by Apple. So hopefully, that sets us up with what we'd expect in the fourth quarter to be an improvement there.  And as I look at that business, we've done a really nice job in driving operational efficiency and automation to continue to improve the efficiency with which we operate. And then as you said, we've gotten higher sale prices when we're selling devices and obviously, we derive revenue based on how well we sell devices in the secondary market. But I'd say there's not much else to report.  Profitability, a little bit stronger. But if you'll remember, third quarter last year, we had a bit of a mismatch between expenses and revenue. So Q3 trading results were a little bit depressed last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Schmitt of William Blair.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Back to growth in Global Housing. So PFO growth was 23% in the quarter. And I'm just trying to think through the components. You had mentioned inflation guard was 3%, I think, in June or July, but I guess 12% last year. So maybe kind of a mix there earning through. What's rate at? How much was the rate component? And how much was the unit growth component? I'm just trying to think of the different parts there.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So maybe I can start and then certainly, Richard can jump in. Obviously, when you look at Housing's revenue year-over-year, it's up meaningfully, $100 million, $103 million year-over-year. All of that is from growth in homeowners, which is up 31% year-over-year in terms of revenue.  If we think about what's driving the performance from an underlying EBITDA perspective and Richard obviously talked about the prior period development. If you adjust the development, $15 million this year against adverse development last year of '24, we still see a $67 million increase in our underlying EBITDA.  And I would say 2/3 of that is really driven by rates average insured values, which obviously play together, and then relatively stable losses related to higher levels of premium rolling through. And then the balance, maybe 1/3 is split between policy growth, which is up 3.5% year-over-year and then investment income, which is obviously helping with cash yields and more assets being held. But Richard, happy to have you add any other detail.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, sure. Yes, that's exact. And I guess I would add, by the way, good morning Jeff, what I would add is that if you just look at the premium component that Keith just talked about, think about it generally as being 1/3 for each of the components that we've just discussed. It's the increase in rates, average insured values and inflation guard. That's sort of the way to look at it.  And the other thing, too, that I would mention is you see -- you heard Keith talk about how much drops to the bottom line. I think that's also a credit to the expense discipline that we've had and the leverage we're getting, and you can see that coming out in the expense ratios that the growth in the premiums and the leverage that we have in the business is really allowing us to increase the bottom line.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Got it. Very helpful. And then in Global Lifestyle, just looking at that benefit ratio kind of continue to move up. Despite rate increases, it was 23% in the quarter, mainly driven by auto, it sounds like. Could you maybe just discuss the pricing strategy there? Like when does that begin? What level of pricing can you get in this market? Really, any detail on that would be helpful.
Keith Demmings: Yes, I can certainly start, Richard. So if I think about the auto business, I'm actually pleased with the work done by our team. So we started making adjustments to rate late last year. So we've probably been in about a 12-month cycle, making adjustments with clients. We're really on the risk in a meaningful way for 4 or 5 different programs.  So it's not the bulk of our business, as we've talked about before. Most of that business is reinsured. So there's a handful of clients that we're working with very closely. And we put rate in place that we feel is appropriate to get the business to perform at the levels that are expected.  So that work has been done. It's been ongoing for the last 4 quarters or so feel good about the adjustments we've made. We've had incredible discussions with our clients to try to get the programs to the right level of profitability. We've also been working incredibly hard, not just on rate, but on the claims adjudication process, how we're acquiring parts, how we're thinking about repairs and which repair shops to use when the options are available to us to drive more efficiency, and a lot of diligence end-to-end and very much in partnership with the clients.  So as we look at the results in the quarter, certainly seeing a similar pattern to what we saw in Q2. But the good news is we've seen relative stability. The cost of severity on the auto side is up a little bit in Q3 over Q2, but the premium earning through is also up, and we're seeing a modest improvement in the underlying loss ratio when we look at the risk clients.  So I feel like we're doing the right things. It's going to take time, certainly, to earn through. But early signs of good momentum at least in starting to stabilize as we look to bend the curve. But Richard, certainly anything else you want to add?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think that's exactly right. And in our prepared remarks, we basically talked about it will take some time. The claims adjudication work we're doing and the teams are doing a fantastic job, that's helping us today bend the curve a little bit. We've been able to get rate, which is fantastic. But it's going to take time because we've sold what we've sold in the past, and that's going to run through and then the new rates and the new premiums we're getting, that will come through and help us bend the curve as we go in the future, but it will take some time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith: Could you talk a little bit about what's going on in Japan and maybe when we might see a flip there from a growth perspective? I know you said you'll still see some pressures in 2024, and I know you've got the new contracts that are going in. When do we see that flip? I would have thought that was going to be a nice little tailwind for growth in '24.
Keith Demmings: Yes, sure. We start at the highest level with Japan, I mean -- and I've talked about this before, and hopefully, this comes through. I mean this is a really, really critical market for Assurant. It's a tremendous mobile marketplace. It's the second largest in the world after the U.S. And I do think we are well positioned for long-term growth. That's the fundamental point. We're doing a lot of investing in the market, investing in not just capabilities but also talent. And we're in a really fortunate position today in that we have relationships with every major operator in the marketplace. We don't do all things for all operators, but we've got access, we've got deep relationships. And I think over time, that will bear fruit. I would say, as we think about exiting 2023, we're certainly stabilizing the financial performance in Japan. We've seen some subscriber runoff as we've talked about in the past. I expect that to continue to decelerate into '24.  And we do think we'll grow EBITDA in Japan year-over-year, '24 over '23. So I'm really pleased with the hard work that the teams are doing and how we're positioned in the market. But that market is about what is it going to look like in 5 years? And how do we unlock the full potential of what I think we can achieve in that market.
Brian Meredith: Do you have like a percentage you can give us of how much of the Japanese business is now on a perpetual policy versus, I guess, it was a 4-year policy is what they were?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So the 4-year policies continue to run down. Certainly, the majority of the business is on an evergreen policy. A 100% of the business that is sold today is on an evergreen policy, but certainly, the vast majority.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then second question, just going back to Global Housing. I'm just curious, what are you seeing right now from an inflationary perspective in that business, right? It sounds like it's pretty modest given what your loss ratios are pretty good. But if I look at some of the other homeowners insurance companies, they're still seeing a fair amount of inflationary pressure there. And maybe you can pivot that into maybe your business is a little bit different, and you've got better ways to control those that inflation than maybe some of the traditional homeowners companies?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So we definitely have still seen inflationary pressure. If we look at the Q3 results as an example, we did see higher severities year-over-year. We did see higher frequencies year-over-year. But because of the rate action that we've taken and the change with inflation guard on insured values, the premiums that we're getting more than offset those increases from a claims perspective. So I'd say that's largely why we're outperforming in this market. And obviously, our team is doing a really good job, to Richard's point, not just on the way we operate claims and the diligence that we work with, but the effort around expense efficiency.  I mean if you think about Housing, we've scaled that business -- and it really is a scale business. We've scaled tremendously and our expenses -- operational expenses are flat to down for the bulk of the Housing business. And overall, done a really good job on containing G&A, simplifying and focusing and driving a lot of digital initiatives to drive efficiency.  So it's a combination of 4 or 5 things that are coming together to lead to the outperformance. It's not as simple as rate. It's a lot of work across the board over the last 12 months-or-so.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of John Barnidge of Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: You talked about on the call consolidating mobile service centers to 2 areas. I believe you name check Texas and Tennessee, if I heard correctly. Both are low tax, previously low-cost states. Are there further opportunities into '24 to move businesses or operations in cheaper areas in the U.S. that you're considering?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I would say that we're not actively considering any other relocations. If you think back to when we acquired HYLA. So go back to December 2020, we acquired HYLA. HYLA had a large facility in Nashville, Tennessee, and then Assurant had a facility in New York and a facility in Texas. And as we've looked at our business model, and we always wanted to have multiple sites for redundancy, certainly in operational resilience, but trying to get back to 2 sites, feels like a strategically the right thing to do for the business.  And then looking at geographies where we feel like we're really well positioned from a access to talent, from a logistics, access to clients, et cetera. So it's really more about the strategic decision here than it is purely on a cost basis. And it's trying to have scaled facilities that we can make proper investments in and then obviously get access to the talent. So that's what's driving that change. And we will be actually scaling our facility in Nashville. We're in the process of doing that work now. So we'll be building a newer, more modern and significantly larger facility to support the long-term growth of that business.
Richard Dziadzio: I'd also just -- that's exactly right. Now I'd just add to that, too, is one of the other areas we've been getting some real estate efficiency, if I can put it that way, is on our corporate real estate.  We have been either downsizing some of our offices or eliminating some of the offices. And that helps us from an expense base to that overall corporate expense that we have. So that's another area that we've gotten some pretty good efficiency in, John.
John Barnidge: That's very helpful. I appreciate that. Earnings growth has been very strong. And my follow-up question, I'm not trying to get ahead of formal guidance coming in February, and I appreciate what you've offered today. But how do we think of reinsurance savings next year emerging on the book that's being run off within Global Housing, juxtaposed against what's fortunately, knock on wood, but somewhat favorable of a cat environment for you this year?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So maybe I'll just offer one thought and then Richard can speak to the process. But to your point, we've obviously had a favorable cat year to this point, significantly below last year, and we talked about a target cat load of $140 million. We're sitting at $89 million year-to-date. So obviously, that's fortunate from that perspective and we'll certainly look to those statistics as we talk to our partners heading into the renewal cycle and hopefully a little bit of a different environment than we were in last year. But Richard, maybe talk a little bit about how we're thinking about reinsurance.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thanks, Keith. Yes, in terms of the reinsurance, it's a little bit early days to talk to specifically about it, but I think you hit it on the head in the question. The market has stabilized in terms of processing pricing, it has stabilized versus what it was in the last couple of years, so we're going into better market conditions.  I would say we'll have a consistent approach that we've had in the last couple of years when we go into the market. And as Keith said, we're entering the market, I would say, as one of the good guys in terms of we have not gone up into our past our retention levels to the reinsurers this year for the cat reinsurance. So we walk into the meetings, we'll be there in presenting a very favorable position relative to the reinsurers, where they ended up in 2023.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tommy McJoynt of KBW.
Tommy McJoynt-Griffith: I think you said, Keith said and this [indiscernible] for 2024 that you're expecting more modest growth in housing in 2024. Just want to clarify that, that is still expecting growth? And then is that in reference or I guess some terminology excluding catastrophes or including catastrophes?
Keith Demmings: Yes, great question. So we're looking at ex cat, first of all, obviously, hard to predict what cats are going to look like. But as I think about Housing in '24, I think when we suggest modest growth, there's a couple of things to remember. First of all, a phenomenal 2023. I mean this is a pretty significant recovery year, obviously, a little bit more challenged in '22, but roaring back in 2023.  So we're extremely pleased about that. And of course, that trend line can't continue because it's been such a turnaround. But what I would say is we've also seen about $40 million of prior year development benefiting the P&L in 2023. But we still think we'll grow housing even though we've got to grow through that $40 million of PYD before we generate $1 of growth, we still think we'll grow Housing because of the momentum that we see and all the great work done by the team.  So that's what we're trying to signal. Obviously, we'll get into the detailed forecast as we come back in February, but we do feel good about how we're positioned, right? Housing obviously is going to moderate, but we've got great trend lines sitting behind us and great momentum. And then as we saw in Lifestyle in the third quarter, although we've got challenges we're working through on the auto side, overall, we're exactly where we thought we would be. We're still signaling down modestly for the year. We are signaling growth in 2024 for Lifestyle, and we'll come back with more details, but certainly driven by the strength of the U.S. Connected Living business, which has been growing nicely for 7 or 8 years.
Richard Dziadzio: And just another addition on Housing. We will have something like $40 million of PYD going into next year. So obviously, can't count on that in the future years. So that's something we're going to need to overcome. And as Keith said, it's just a fantastic year we're having in Housing. And kind of the way I look at it, an we look at it inside is we look at it a multiyear journey. So really looking at -- last year was a bit of a tougher year. We turned the corner really quickly in terms of the uniqueness of our business, and we've talked about the inflation guard and the rates and the expense leverage that we're getting. So we are expecting it to be continued rate but at a slower pace. But again, it can -- it's not going to be like this year, it's going to be slower given all the elements that Keith and I have mentioned.
Tommy McJoynt-Griffith: Makes sense. And then, Richard, can you talk a little bit about the new money yields that you guys are getting, the duration of your investment portfolio and just how much of the tailwinds of sort of reinvesting over time could be? And then also how that allocates between potential upside for Connected Living versus Auto versus Housing, just kind of how that investment income fits within each of those?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thanks, Tommy. And in fact, yields and interest rates have been a nice tailwind for us. It's helping us offset some of the inflationary issues that we've talked about, particularly in Auto, for example. So if you look at year-to-year, our investment income is up about 50% or $40 million.  So a really nice number coming through. I would say, in answer to your question, that's probably think about it being maybe 1/3 Housing, 2/3 Lifestyle and in Lifestyle, the bigger component of it is in Auto. What you're seeing in this quarter is really the result of 2 things, and I've talked about it in past earnings calls, it's really -- it's coming from fixed income and fixed income yields.  Our assets are up a little bit, but yields are up as that -- as those fixed income maturities roll over and we get more investment income on those, but also cash yields are really high, as you know. Who knows what's going to -- what the Fed is going to do next year. But for the moment, we're getting nice -- real high returns off the cash that we're holding. So nice sort of tailwinds to us, and that should continue as long as rates and so forth hold up. But if rates start coming down, I would say inflation is probably coming down. So we'll get some offset there, hopefully, as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our last question comes from the line of Grace Carter of Bank of America.
Grace Carter: I guess back to the expectations for housing next year. I was wondering if we could maybe talk a little bit about the components of the growth that's expected? I mean even excluding the reserve development this quarter, the underlying loss ratio looks pretty good. And just the extent to which maybe the improvement in the loss ratio and the expense ratio [indiscernible] is sustainable or the extent to which maybe they could improve even further just as the recent pricing actions continue to earn through the book. And I guess, just kind of the expectations for the top line, given that presumably maybe some of the benefits from the inflation adjustment and things like that start to decelerate a bit next year?
Keith Demmings: Yes. No, it's a great question. And certainly, Richard can add in. But when I think about that business, and we've talked about over the long term an expected combined ratio range of 86% to 91%. If we look at where we sit on a reported basis this year looks a little bit lower, but adjusting for the prior year development, it's about 85% year-to-date with a relatively light cat year so far in terms of the P&L. So we're relatively close to that range today, which is good.  Obviously, we think that's an appropriate long-term range for the business. We do think rate will continue to come through. But as we've said, at a more moderated pace as we have less of that double-digit AIV earning through and then it obviously comes through at just over 3% going forward, let's call it a more normalized level.  I think policy count is relatively stable. But we do think we're well positioned. If you think about industry consolidation and think about the clients that we operate with, we partner with a lot of major players in the space. And hopefully, as the market dynamics move around, there could be some opportunity for us to continue to grow policies over time.  So I do think it will be just a moderated trend line from what we saw this year, but certainly still expect strong results in Housing and hence, overcoming the $40 million of prior year development. But Richard, what else might you add?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I think that, I guess, I would also say that, Grace, when we look at the combined operating ratio, something we keep our eye on. So really a combination of everything we're getting. We've talked about the top line growth, and that would be tapering the expense ratio, we're in a good place with that.  I think that could continue, maybe not as low as it is now because we'll always have -- maybe some -- have some investments and so forth. But we're in a good place there. The loss ratio think about 40%, 42% maybe full year, that kind of thing. But even then, it's going to depend on what weather we're going to get. What's the severity, what's the frequency, what are the storms, the convective storms that we had in the spring time.  So obviously, that's something that's hard to call. But if we talk about the combined ratio at 86% to 91% with cat, that's probably something that we look to and say, on a normal cat year, we'd probably be in and around that range, if that's helpful.
Grace Carter: Yes, that's helpful. And I guess on the Renters book. We've heard some personal auto players this quarter say that they're starting to see severity trends maybe flatten out a bit. And I was just curious on the affinity partners aspect of that business, if you all are seeing any green shoots there or when that might inflect back to strong growth.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think we're seeing maybe early signs of modest improvement there. I'd say it's probably too early to call it, Grace. But definitely, when we look at Renters, really strong performance, and we've signaled this over the last few years in the property management channel.  So certainly diversifying our portfolio between affinity and property management, and we actually grew our PMC in the third quarter this year more than we grew it all of 2022. So the team has done an incredible job adding clients, driving attach and leveraging our Cover360 platform.  And then to your point, should we start to see an acceleration in marketing relative to auto insurers, then that could certainly provide upside opportunity over time? I'd say it's too early to suggest that we're seeing firm trends, but definitely feel like there's opportunity there as we look forward and certainly in '24.  Okay. I think that was the last question. So thank you, everybody, for joining the call. We'll certainly look forward to reconnecting in February. And as always, if you have questions, please reach out to Suzanne or Sean, and we'll get back in touch. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2023 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer.  Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the second quarter of 2023. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with remarks from Keith and Richard before moving into a Q&A session.  Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements.  Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release and financial supplement as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to our non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement.  I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Suzanne, and good morning, everyone. Our results in the second quarter were strong and well ahead of our expectations with adjusted EBITDA, excluding cats, growing 21% year-over-year or a total of 6% on a year-to-date basis. Results were largely driven by continued momentum in Global Housing, primarily from higher top line growth and more favorable loss experience from prior period development on claims. Our performance is a testament to the resilience of our global business model, our compelling client offerings and steadfast focus on operational excellence.  Looking at our business segments. Global Housing adjusted EBITDA increased 49% year-to-date, excluding catastrophes. These results reflect actions taken to transform our Housing business, including focusing on product lines where we have a strong right to win, dramatically reducing noncore areas and our international catastrophe exposure and aggressively deploying digital solutions to improve customer experience while driving greater operational efficiencies. This underscores our ability to quickly respond to ever-evolving market dynamics driving continuous improvement and better performance over time.  During the first half of 2023, top line performance in our Homeowners business increased 18% year-over-year. This reflects higher average insured values and state-approved rate increases to account for higher claim severities from inflationary factors in lender-placed. Policy counts increased double digits this year from expanded loan portfolios of new and existing clients. While policy growth has been a contributor so far this year, we expect to level off from the first half of the year.  In our Renters business, our property management company distribution channel has shown strong policy growth year-to-date, increasing 14%. This has been driven by the ongoing rollout of our Cover360 solution, one of the many long-term investments we've made in renters that has consistently added value to our PMC partners and customers over the last several years. Our strong growth within the PMC channel has helped to diversify profit pools to partially offset lower contributions from our affinity partners, along with higher non-cat losses, which have returned to more normalized levels.  In summary, we're very pleased with Global Housing's performance year-to-date and expect strong year-over-year earnings growth to continue into the second half of 2023.  Turning to Global Lifestyle. Underlying segment results were solid and demonstrated steady improvement from the second half of last year. Lifestyle earnings for the first 6 months of the year have increased $34 million or 9% over the second half of last year, from improved Connected Living results. Within Connected Living, we continue to invest in our technology platforms as we deepen our focus on product innovation and evolving our service delivery capabilities to improve customer experience. Our focus on innovation and global trade-in capabilities has continued to drive a significant level of interest from existing and prospective mobile partners. As we continue to realize ongoing efficiencies, we've implemented actions to mitigate macroeconomic headwinds throughout our global operations.  In Europe, these actions have had a positive impact, ultimately helping to stabilize earnings and allowing us to remain focused on growing the top line. Within extended service contracts, we've made significant progress with our partners in executing large-scale protection and administration programs. In addition, after several quarters of elevated claim severity, we've seen an improvement in the second quarter loss ratio due to rate increases with several clients.  In our Global Auto business, consistent across the industry, our repair costs have continued to increase from inflation. We've taken decisive actions to improve performance. For example, we've implemented prospective rate increases with several key clients, and we're also partnering with our clients to identify cost savings on claims to improve loss experience for programs where we hold the risk. It's difficult to predict the timing of an earnings inflection point, but we expect to see continued improvements as new business earned through although improvement may take several quarters to materialize.  Overall, Global Lifestyle earnings were in line with our expectations for the first half of 2023. And while we work to create new vectors of growth for Lifestyle, we now anticipate Global Lifestyle's adjusted EBITDA will be down modestly for the full year. This is mainly due to the headwinds in Global Auto we just discussed and lower international contributions primarily from Japan.  Reflecting on the first half of 2023, our results have demonstrated the attractiveness of our compelling business model with clear competitive advantages, including alignment with global market leaders across lines of business, leadership positions with scale advantages in attractive and growing lifestyle and housing markets, demonstrated ability to innovate and differentiate through specialized solutions and a strong track record of taking decisive actions to overcome market challenges and drive performance. Combined, Global Lifestyle and Global Housing should continue to generate strong returns and cash flow, highlighting the strength and resiliency of Assurant.  Prior to moving to our enterprise outlook and results, I want to take a moment to discuss the progress we've made through our sustainability efforts, a key differentiator for Assurant. In June, we published our 2023 sustainability report, reaffirming our long-term priorities around talent, products and climate. The report highlights our progress in reinforcing our company culture and leveraging ongoing employee listening and feedback to help support our global diverse workforce. The report reaffirms our 2020 to 2025 ESG strategic focus areas of talent, products and climate to build a more sustainable future together with our clients, customers, employees and suppliers. We continue to view our commitment to sustainability as a competitive advantage that delivers short and long-term business value. Of note, we achieved our 2025 supplier diversity target 2 years ahead of schedule. We increased our global gender diversity overall; we expanded coverage for electric vehicle protection products and we repurposed 22 million mobile devices globally.  Now let's turn to our enterprise outlook and capital. Given first half results and anticipated performance for the remainder of the year, we now expect adjusted EBITDA to grow high single digits, excluding cats. This represents an increase from our original expectation of low single-digit growth. Adjusted EPS growth is now expected to approximate adjusted EBITDA growth, each excluding reportable catastrophes, an improvement over our previous expectations for EPS growth to trail our EBITDA growth. The increase is mainly due to our higher-than-expected adjusted EBITDA growth, which is now outpacing the increases to depreciation and tax expenses.  From a capital perspective, we upstreamed $180 million of segment dividends during the quarter and $292 million year-to-date, nearly half of segment adjusted EBITDA, including cats. We ended the quarter with $495 million of holding company liquidity, a significantly higher level than at the end of the first quarter. As expected, we resumed share repurchases during the second quarter, repurchasing $20 million of common stock as well as an additional $10 million throughout July.  For the remainder of the year, we would expect to gradually accelerate our level of buybacks with the majority weighted toward the fourth quarter, keeping in mind third quarter is hurricane season, and we will look to preserve our capital flexibility.  For 2023, we don't currently expect to exceed the 2022 underlying buyback activity of $200 million. Overall, it's been a strong first half of the year, and we're well positioned for the full year. In both Housing and Lifestyle, it will be critical for us to continue to execute through innovation and enhanced customer experience for our clients and their end consumers, which is what differentiates Assurant and supports long-term growth.  I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review second quarter results and our 2023 outlook in greater detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter of 2023, adjusted EBITDA, excluding reportable catastrophes, totaled $337 million, up $59 million or 21% year-over-year. And adjusted earnings per share, excluding reportable catastrophes, totaled $4.09 for the quarter, up 26% year-over-year.  Let's start with Global Lifestyle for our segment results. This segment reported adjusted EBITDA of $197 million in the second quarter, an 11% decline year-over-year. However, prior period results included a real estate joint venture gain of $13 million, mainly impacting Global Automotive. If we exclude this prior period gain, adjusted EBITDA declined only 5% or $11 million, in line with our expectations. This decrease was primarily driven by lower results in Global Auto as continued inflationary impacts on labor and parts increased average claim severities. We also incurred increased claims cost on ancillary products as these costs revert to more normalized levels following their post-COVID lows. The Auto earnings decline was partially offset by higher investment income from higher yields and growth in the U.S. across distribution channels.  In terms of Connected Living, excluding the prior period real estate gain and $3 million of unfavorable foreign exchange, earnings were roughly flat. In Mobile, earnings were down from soft results in Japan and Europe, as expected. As a reminder, headwinds in international earnings did not materialize until the second half of 2022. In Japan, we continue to experience subscriber declines as our 4-year protection product continues to run off. And in Europe, while we are benefiting from previous expense actions taken in the latter part of 2022 and the beginning of 2023, lower volumes have impacted year-over-year results.  U.S. mobile earnings were flat year-over-year as growth in North American device protection programs from carrier and cable operator clients was offset by lower mobile trade-in results. Trading results were impacted by lower volumes due to the timing and structure of carrier promotions and lower fee income from the previously disclosed contract change. However, higher prices on used devices partially offset the decline. Extended service contract earnings increased as U.S. client performance improved, benefiting the rate increases implemented from several clients that began to offset the impact of higher claims costs.  Turning to net earned premium fees and other income. Lifestyle was up by $96 million or 5%. This growth was primarily driven by Global Automotive, reflecting prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. Connected Living net earned premiums fees and other income increased 1%. However, this includes an approximate $60 million negative impact from the previously disclosed mobile program contract changes, which had no impact on profitability. Excluding these contract changes, Connected Living net earned premiums, fees and other income grew by 6%.  The quarter benefited from growth in mobile subscribers in North America, excluding client runoff and higher contributions from extended service contracts. For the full year 2023, we now expect adjusted EBITDA to be down modestly for Global Lifestyle. Global Auto is expected to be down for the full year as we anticipate loss experience to remain unfavorable for several quarters and the impacts from continued normalization of loss experience for select ancillary products previously mentioned.  As Keith described, we've taken specific actions such as rate increases on new business, repair cost reduction and changes to client contract structures to help mitigate these impacts, which is why we expect an increase in profitability over time. Higher investment income has and is expected to continue to partially offset these impacts.  In Connected Living, we do expect our U.S. Connected Living business to grow modestly for the full year. As a reminder, third quarter results historically include both lower trade-in volumes and higher loss seasonality. These items typically improve in the fourth quarter. In addition, our third quarter results last year included an $11 million onetime client benefit in Connected Living. And while Japan and Europe have stabilized, we are focused on top line growth, which has been slower to materialize than expected.  Finally, we will also continue to focus on expenses while investing in growth opportunities, we have strong momentum with clients. In terms of net earned premiums, fees and other income for the full year, Lifestyle is expected to grow as growth in Global Automotive is partially offset by ongoing foreign exchange headwinds.  Moving now to Global Housing. Adjusted EBITDA was $155 million, which included $13 million in reportable catastrophes from severe windstorms in the Southeast U.S. and flooding in Florida. Excluding reportable catastrophes, adjusted EBITDA more than doubled to $168 million were up $87 million from both top line growth and favorable non-cat loss experience within homeowners.  Top line growth in lender-placed came from higher average insured values and premium rates as well as more policies in force. These together accounted for approximately half of the increase in earnings. Favorable non-GAAP loss experience came from a $40 million year-over-year net reduction in reserves related to prior period development and is comprised of a $28 million reserve reduction in the current quarter plus a $12 million reserve strengthening in the second quarter of '22. Excluding prior period development, non-cat loss experience increased modestly due to the increase in frequency and severity. Higher investment income also contributed to earnings growth.  Turning to our reinsurance program. We completed our 2023 catastrophe reinsurance program in June. We fared well in the market with this year's total cost increasing less than previously expected and only modestly over 2022. This increase is relatively small due to strategic actions taken, including exiting our international footprint, increasing our level of retention and adjusting our reinsurance coverage. As anticipated, our first event retention increased to $125 million from its previous level of $80 million and the retention level reduces to $100 million for second and third events. We also increased our total program coverage to a 1-in-225-year, probable maximum loss to further minimize our risk from extreme catastrophes.  Moving to Renters and Other. Earnings increased largely due to a benefit within our NFIP flood business of $5 million. Excluding this item, results were in line with 2022. For the full year 2023, we expect Global Housing adjusted EBITDA, excluding reportable cats, to grow significantly due to strong performance in homeowners, driven by top line expansion from lender-placed.  Regarding the second half of the year, we expect ongoing momentum from a continued gradual abatement of inflation, lower seasonal losses particularly in the fourth quarter and continued revenue strength. This momentum should offset a modest increase in catastrophe reinsurance costs in the absence of both another NFIP benefit and additional favorable reserve development, which can be difficult to predict. Together, these last 2 items contributed $33 million to our first half results.  Moving to Corporate. The second quarter adjusted EBITDA loss was $29 million, up $4 million from lower investment income. For the full year 2023, we expect the corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to be approximately $105 million. I would also mention that the investment portfolio continues to perform well with higher interest rates improving both short- and longer-term returns.  Turning to Holding Company Liquidity. We ended the quarter with $495 million. In the second quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $180 million. In addition to cash used for corporate and interest expenses, second quarter cash outflows included 3 main items: $20 million of share repurchases, $40 million of common stock dividends and $50 million related to previous acquisitions within Global Auto. For the full year, we expect our businesses to continue to generate meaningful cash flows, approximating 65% of segment adjusted EBITDA, including reportable catastrophes. This is consistent with our previous forecast. Cash flow expectations assume a continuation of the current economic environment and are subject to the growth of the businesses, investment portfolio performance and rating agency and regulatory requirements.  In closing, we're quite pleased with our first half overall performance, which continues to demonstrate the strength and the diversity of our businesses and believe we are well positioned to achieve our increased full year financial objectives.  And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from the line of Jeff Schmitt from William Blair.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Global Housing seems to really be turning a corner here. But just looking at that, you'd mentioned the favorable development charge, I think it was $28 million. When we back that out, the underlying loss ratio was at 44%, which is still sort of high relative to historical levels and especially, I think, considering with the way that housing material and labor cost inflation to move down. So are you just sort of taking a conservative posture there? Or what are you seeing?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So maybe a couple of comments. Obviously, really pleased with the progress that the team has made. We talked a lot about it last year, a lot of actions to streamline the business to focus on the core products and obviously put appropriate rate adjustments in place, and certainly, it's showing through in the first half of the year. And to your point, that's exactly the way we look at it. We adjust the $28 million of in the quarter. We also adjust for the $5 million FEMA bonus as we look at our overall results, underlying still incredibly strong, $135 million in the quarter.  And then to your point, current accident quarter loss ratios are 44%. I think a little under 42% last year. And that's just a factor of the increased inflationary pressure that we see being largely offset by the work we're doing on rate but not fully back to the levels that we saw last year. So as we think about the strong fundamental performance in Housing, it's not a result of unusually low loss ratios. In fact, kind of our year-to-date normalized combined are kind of right in the range of what we would have otherwise expected. But Richard, I don't know if you wanted to add anything else to that.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, exactly. And I would just say, if we look year-over-year, you're exactly right, Jeff, with the 44%. That's a couple of points above last year's level, same time. And as Keith said, I think we do have some inflation that's -- it's higher last year than the costs are higher this year than last year. So that's running through a little more frequency and just also, there was more, I would call, severe convexity storms in the last quarter. And while those storms, most of those storms didn't make it to reportable cats for us, over $5 million, as you know, we had a very low level in the quarter. Some of them are in the non-cat loss ratio. So we did have our share of those, I would say, overall, and that's within the couple point increase that we see over the year as well.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Okay. That makes sense. And then what was the inflation guard adjustment, I think that goes in maybe once a year, but what is that going to be this year versus last year? Obviously, that's going to go into premium. And then are you still getting rate sort of above that as well?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So we talked about inflation guard going in double-digit levels last July. So we would have put the final adjustments through based on that in June of this year. And then to your point, we do an annual adjustment, it's 3.1% adjustment that would go in on top of that for July to AIV. And then modest rate adjustments, plus and minus as we think about managing across all of our states, but certainly still have more to earn through from last year's AIV adjustments and then on top of that, the 3% that we just put in place in July.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions here for you. First, can you talk a little bit about the inflationary pressures you're seeing in Global Auto? And I understand it's going to pressure margins here through the remainder of 2023. Is this something we're going to see continuing to pressure margin throughout 2024 just as it takes time for these contract changes to work through numbers?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I definitely think there'll be continued pressure. I do expect '24 to be improved from '23, but definitely, we'll see elevated levels of losses from the inflationary pressure on the parts and labor and auto. As I think about sizing that for you, I'd probably think maybe a little north of $10 million a quarter in EBITDA impact. So if I was going to size it for this year, that's probably the range that we would put on it.  I would say that's -- we expect that to recover over time, both in terms of the rate increases that I mentioned earlier, but also the actions we're taking to try to optimize the service network to improve access to parts and to try and drive down claim costs as well. And that obviously can have a more near-term benefit and the rate takes a little longer to earn through.  What I would say is we've taken the actions that we want to take. So we've had great dialogue with our clients. There's only a handful of clients where this is really an impact for us, and we've made rate adjustments already in partnership. Our interests are very well aligned with our clients, and we feel confident that we're going to get this to the right level over time. You've seen us resolve issues from inflation in Housing. We've resolved issues on ESC. Obviously, auto is the new area of focus, and our team is 100% focused on delivering and executing.
Brian Meredith: Excellent. And then second question, Japan, when are we going to lap some of these kind of contract roll things that were going on? When will that finally kind of be done? Is that the end of this year? Is there any kind of going into 2024 as the contract changes in Japan?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think that runs through really this year, and I would expect to see a lot more stability as we head into '24. And then I do think we've got an incredible position in the Japanese market. We partnered with all 4 carriers. There's a tremendous amount of long-term growth opportunity in that market. And I definitely think we'll see growth again in '24 and over the long term.
Brian Meredith: So that's a meaningful part of the headwind you're seeing is the Japan kind of contractual more than kind of an economic situation?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think the financial performance is still very strong in Japan. I would say the first half of this year stabilized from the second half of last year. We had a very strong first half, both in Japan and Europe in our '22 results. So from a year-over-year comparison, definitely, they look down. But in terms of sequential, as we look at exiting last year, they're both very stable. So I'm really pleased with that performance. In fact, Europe is above where it finished the year in Japan very stable to where it finished. But it is a meaningful contributor for us, and it's an important part of long-term growth. So it will no doubt be a priority.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist.
Mark Hughes: The fee income, what's your outlook in terms of kind of programs or trade-in promotions as we think about the balance of the year?
Keith Demmings: Sure. And maybe I'll start and certainly, Richard, if you have other thoughts on fee income. But we saw -- and this can be volatile quarter-to-quarter really dependent on promotional activity within the industry. We're fortunate, particularly in the U.S., we partner with all of the major carriers, which is a great position to be in from a trade-in perspective. We definitely saw lower trade-in volume in Q2, whether you look at it sequentially or year-over-year. And that's really just a function of the amount of advertising, the promotion and how hard are carriers pushing to upgrade customers to new devices and then how aggressively are they promoting trade-in offers.  And that ebbs and flows. It was a little bit down in the quarter. To the extent that as new devices come out in the fall, we certainly expect to see more aggressive marketing campaigns. But it's a little bit in the control of the hands of our clients, and it's a very dynamic market, but continues to be important for our clients and something that we're very focused on.
Richard Dziadzio: And typically, Mark, we would, Q3, we're not expecting big increases typically a higher period would be kind of Q4 for us. So a little bit of what we mentioned in our remarks as well. So there is some seasonality to it, as Keith mentioned, in the second half of the year.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Understood. You mentioned the inflation guard up 3%. Any prospect for additional rate on top of that based on the date approved increases?
Keith Demmings: I would say some marginal rate increases, certainly state by state. And obviously, we look at our rates very closely. So there's -- there'll be a little bit of additional rate coming through. But obviously, the big adjustments we put through last year that are still earning through the book.
Richard Dziadzio: Sorry, Mark, as we look forward to the second half of the year, we could see slight increases, but we're not seeing large increases to revenues continuing. I think we've kind of gotten there already, plus we've gotten out of certain international areas. So overall, the revenues will be impacted a little bit by that. But overall, I think there will be a little more to come, but not -- certainly not the levels we've seen over the past year.
Mark Hughes: Yes. And how about the new money yield on investments versus the portfolio yield? What are the prospects for more improvement there?
Richard Dziadzio: Well, I'd divide into a couple of things. I mean, we've actually had some nice increase in investment income over the last year. Think Absent the real estate gains, probably $30 million in cash in short term. And then obviously, we didn't have a real estate gain this quarter. But just on your question on yields, we do have, in the long term, our fixed income portfolio is a 5-year duration. So we get a continuous role on that, and we'll get a continuous kind of increase in those longer-term yields.  We've really benefited from short-term rates also, which is -- accounts for almost as much as the increase or as much as the increase in the longer-term yields, right, with the Fed increasing interest rates. At some point in the future, those will probably come down. So we'll see that cash return come down. Who knows when that will happen, but we could see that as well. But on a longer-term basis, we should continue to get some yield increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tommy McJoynt with KBW.
Tommy Griffith: You mentioned the expectations for modest growth in Connected Living this year, and we've had a little bit of discussion on sort of U.S., Japan and Europe. Could you dissect those expectations for that modest growth just into any maybe sort of ranges for U.S. x percent, Japan down x percent. Just trying to get a gauge of exactly how much of a headwind in terms of the overall number that Japan and Europe actually are?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I'd say if I look at Lifestyle and we think about the outlook for '23, I would say, domestic Connected Living, I think we had a strong first half, and that will continue consistently for the back half of the year, and that will yield modest growth for Connected Living U.S.. So performance pretty steady, but that's going to be an increase year-over-year. And again, that's overcoming the onetime client benefit we had last year in the third quarter for $11 million.  In terms of international, I'd say our expectations in the second half would be consistent with what we saw in the first half. So continued stability and obviously then putting our attention to driving longer-term growth opportunities, particularly in Europe and Asia Pacific. And then in terms of the auto side of the business, I'd say auto losses will remain kind of at elevated levels as we saw in the first half. We'll continue to see the normalization of GAAP and I would expect Auto in the back half of the year to reflect something more similar to what we saw in the second quarter. That would be the simple way for me to think about it, Tommy.
Tommy Griffith: Okay. Yes. That's helpful. And then switching over to some of the line of questioning on Housing. Obviously, there's been pretty tremendous growth this year. I think you guys have last given your sort of normalized cat load expectations for $140 million for this year. With all the growth that you've seen in Housing, been any early indications for what you might consider a normalized cat load as we head into '24?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. We haven't really updated our cat load. I mean we put it in for the year and then to be honest, after that, it's sort of like the weather the cats will get, I would say. So we're still at that $140 million number so far. But speaking of that, we were really happy with the reinsurance, the cat reinsurance placement that we put into place where we had thought going into the season at the end of last year, we get an increase, a non-negligible increase in our cat reinsurance. And actually, at the end of the day, we're only going to be modestly up over the year.  We've done that through a number of things, whether it's increasing the retention level, working with our reinsurers, exiting some of the international -- or exiting the international property footprint that we have. So we've done a lot of things to kind of protect the company. We increased the top end as well to 1-in-225-year, maximum probable loss, so we think we're in good position. So far in -- through July, we haven't had any cats hit us that are reportable so far, so we'll wait and see. Obviously, we're in cat season right now, so we'll see how it comes out.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: In your prepared remarks, you talked about new of Global Lifestyle growth. How do you think through that? It sounds like expanding business.
Keith Demmings: Yes. Certainly, a couple of thoughts. We've got great momentum with clients in Global Lifestyle around the world. If I think about our mobile business and the traction we've had over the course of the last 7 or 8 years has been pretty steady. We've got relationships with so many of the marquee brands globally, and that yields a lot of opportunity to do new things, introduce new services, innovate with new products, try to find new ways to help them drive success. So I would say we've got as much ongoing dialogue with clients today and prospects today as we've ever had, and there seems to be a constant interest in innovating and doing new things. And the fact that we've got a really wide-ranging capability set, I think, is a huge advantage for us, and we'd look to see that continue to drive growth long term.
John Barnidge: And then my follow-up question, you talked about expense reductions across the global franchise. Is that above what was previously contemplated into the Lifestyle input cost trends drive an increase in cost reductions?
Keith Demmings: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then Richard can add on. But certainly, we've tried to be very disciplined around expense management. Our goal this year was to hold our G&A expenses relatively flat. That means we have to overcome merit increases, additional costs for health and well-being for our employees. We've got to absorb incremental growth and incremental investment and we've tried to do that with some of the expense actions that we took in the fourth quarter last year, but also a pretty intense focus on driving digital first and automation through all of our operations, whether they were call center, claims operations or even our depots. That continues to be a huge area of focus for us. And we're really pleased with the progress we've made so far.  But Richard, anything else you want to add on expenses?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I would just say and then turning to the Housing side, in particular, we've gotten some really good leverage off our expense base with some of the investments we've made in automation and digital capabilities. And you've seen in our supplement, the expense ratio go down a number of points over the last year where we're at 38.8%. Now part of that, we had that NFIP bonus that Keith mentioned. But really, the lion's share of it is the fact that we've had increases in revenues and not a proportionate increase in expenses. So that really demonstrates we are getting leverage out of the business, out of the operations and all of the work that we talked about last year that the Housing area is doing.
Operator: Our last question is coming from the line of Grace Carter from Bank of America.
Grace Carter: I think that we had previously talked about maybe some seasonality in the Connected Living book in 3Q, just with people more likely to be out in the belt and maybe damaged devices. I was just curious if you could quantify that on a historical basis, just how we're thinking about how the loss ratio might shape up in the second half of the year?
Keith Demmings: Yes. Maybe I'll offer a couple of thoughts and then I ask Richard to jump in. But definitely, you're correct. We do see seasonality in Q3. We also see to Richard's point earlier, lower trade-in volume in the third quarter and higher trade-in volume in the fourth quarter. So as a result, we'd expect to see an improvement in Q4 over Q3 for Connected Living. And to the extent that we've got certain mobile programs where we're on risk, obviously, we see that impact on frequency in our quarterly results in the third quarter.  Now we have moved one of our clients to a reinsurance structure, which we talked about, that noneconomic contract change. That certainly will help mitigate some of that impact. But I don't think we've sized what we would expect the delta to be. But Richard, you might want to add some commentary?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. We haven't sized it, but I would say it's modest. I mean, really what we wanted to portray is really Q3 is typically a softer quarter from us -- for us, for the trade-ins and some claims increase. It's not hugely material, but it's enough for us to talk about to really say, hey, when you're looking at Q3 and Q4, if you're modeling that, Q3 is going to be softer and Q4 is usually stronger because we don't have the claims, the increase in claims that we just talked about and then trade-ins are usually higher.
Grace Carter: And then I guess on the decrease year-over-year in Global Devices service. To what extent is that driven by the discontinuation of the in-store repair capabilities versus any other factors?
Keith Demmings: Yes. That was $400,000 on a year-over-year basis. So you could remove $400,000 from Q2 last year, and that will give you an appropriate comparison. . All right. I think we took all of the questions. So thank you, everyone, for joining today, and we'll certainly look forward to speaking to you again in November for our third quarter earnings call. And as usual, please reach out to Suzanne and Sean, if you have any follow-up questions. And again, thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a...
Keith Demmings: And Sean, if you have any follow-up questions. And again, thanks, everybody.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-03 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant’s First Quarter 2023 Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2023 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the first quarter of 2023. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We will start today’s call with remarks from Keith and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday’s earnings release and financial supplement as well as in our SEC reports. During today’s call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are important in evaluating the company’s performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday’s news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Suzanne and good morning everyone. We are pleased by our first quarter results, which reflected better-than-expected performance within our Global Housing business and our ongoing focus on driving operating excellence across Assurant. The actions we announced in 2022 to simplify our business and real estate portfolio realign our organizational structure and accelerate the deployment of digital-first experiences are beginning to yield measurable results. While early, gross savings generated from these initiatives are helping to mitigate the impact of broader macroeconomic headwinds and fund additional critical investments in innovation and our talent. This was reflected in Global Lifestyle’s results for the quarter, which improved sequentially in line with our expectations. Our first quarter results also continued to demonstrate the leadership advantages of our well-diversified business portfolio and our global client base. We believe we are well-positioned to deliver on our financial objectives for 2023 and we will continue to prudently manage our capital to drive shareholder value. Looking ahead, we will maintain a steadfast focus on execution: first, by strengthening and expanding our global partnerships; second, by driving innovation and delivering on our digital-first vision to improve the customer experience; and third, by realizing savings from ongoing expense management efforts. Recently, we were recognized as one of America’s most innovative companies by Fortune, demonstrating the importance we place on finding new ways to serve our clients and fostering a culture of innovation and inclusion. Through consumer research and investments in emerging technologies, we develop new products and services to meaningfully enhance the consumer experience and drive competitive advantages across our key markets, including mobile, auto and housing. We continue to strengthen our large embedded base of businesses. In Global Lifestyle, we work with 15 of the top 50 most valuable global brands and provide protection and services for nearly 62 million mobile subscribers with a recurring monthly subscription service and we protect nearly 54 million automobiles across a wide range of distribution partners. Our scale supports both businesses to continue their track record of long-term growth. Our U.S. Connected Living business is expected to remain a solid growth driver, anchored by mobile device protection with marquee mobile carriers and cable operators. In addition, our trade-in business continues to be a strong contributor to overall mobile results. Our international results have begun to stabilize in line with our expectations even as many of the factors impacting growth last year continue to persist, including foreign exchange headwinds and lower business volumes. In Europe, we benefited from expense actions previously taken, leading to improved earnings when compared to the second half of 2022. Additionally, we renewed 8 key clients since the beginning of 2022, solidifying a strong foundation to support continued growth. In Japan, we are implementing actions to stabilize the impact from ongoing mobile subscriber declines and believe we are well-positioned in this critical market even as programs mature. In addition to our multiyear partnership with KDDI, we are growing our footprint through expanded relationships with other large Japanese carriers. We are leveraging our core mobile solutions and technology offerings to help optimize operations and launch new services. Moving to Global Auto, we are making steady progress integrating and leveraging recent acquisitions to support commercial success with new partnerships like CNH Industrial, which leverages the combined expertise of our legacy Assurant Lease and Finance business and the broad capabilities of our EPG acquisition. Outside of the U.S., we focused on expanding our share with OEMs. And in Latin America and Europe, we signed two new business partnerships in the quarter. Overall, in Lifestyle, while we remain cautious in the short-term, given ongoing global macroeconomic uncertainty, we continue to expect modest growth for the full year. Within Global Housing, we continue to simplify our focus on product lines where we have clear competitive advantages and scale. We operate a countercyclical market-leading lender-placed business that has generated significant cash flow and attractive returns over the long-term, while we invest to drive growth in our capital-light renters’ insurance business. Despite higher than expected cat activity this quarter, Global Housing had a strong start to the year as adjusted EBITDA, excluding cats, increased 7%. In homeowners, which is primarily driven by lender-placed, top line grew 16%, both from higher policy growth and higher average insured values and rates, partially offset by increased non-cat losses and cat reinsurance costs. Policy growth came from both new and existing clients. In lender-placed, our ability to drive higher premiums both through our inflation guard product feature and rate actions have helped to offset continued inflation impacts on claims, which remain elevated across Global Housing. Entering the second quarter, the impact of inflation on building materials and labor costs is beginning to show signs of improvement. As we consider the magnitude and pace of earnings recovery for Global Housing over the year, it will be important to see how ongoing loss experience improves over the next few quarters. Let’s turn to our enterprise outlook and capital. Reflecting on the quarter and current market conditions, we continue to expect to grow adjusted EBITDA, excluding reportable cats, by low single-digits this year. Adjusted EPS growth is still expected to trail adjusted EBITDA growth both excluding reportable cats, primarily reflecting higher annual depreciation expenses related to several strategic technology investments critical to executing our strategy, a higher consolidated effective tax rate compared to favorable rates in 2022, and the timing of capital deployment. From a capital perspective, we upstreamed $112 million of segment dividends in the first quarter and ended the quarter with $383 million of holding company liquidity. We have been carefully monitoring the broader business and macroeconomic environment as we consider capital deployment. We now expect to resume share repurchases later in the second quarter, but at modest levels given the ongoing market volatility. We expect the majority of share repurchases to be weighted toward the end of the year and maybe below 2022 underlying buyback activity. As we look ahead, we are focused on the continued execution of our vision to be the leading global business services provider supporting the advancement of the connected world. We believe our strong global client partnerships and our ability to innovate for more than 300 million customers will be critical to achieving our vision. I will now turn the call over to Richard to review the first quarter results and our 2023 outlook in greater detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Keith and good morning everyone. For the first quarter of 2023, adjusted EBITDA, excluding reportable catastrophes, totaled $293 million, down $22 million or 7% year-over-year and 5% on a constant currency basis. While the results were lower than the prior year, they came in above our expectations, driven by stronger Global Housing performance. Adjusted earnings per share, excluding reportable catastrophes, totaled $3 million and $0.49 for the quarter, down 12% year-over-year, primarily from lower segment earnings, a higher effective tax rate compared to favorability in the prior period and a higher depreciation expense. Now, let’s move to segment results, starting with Global Lifestyle. The segment reported adjusted EBITDA of $199 million in the first quarter, a 12% decline year-over-year or a 10% decline on a constant currency basis. The decrease came from lower results in both Connected Living and Global Automotive, partially offset by higher investment income. Connected Living’s earnings were down 15% or 11% on a constant currency basis from decreases in extended service contracts and weaker international results. Extended service contract results were lower due to an increase in claims costs and in particular, relative to the prior year quarter, which included favorable claims experience. We expect a modest level of higher cost to persist during the remainder of the year, the level of which will depend on the broader inflation trends in the market. However, we have recently implemented rate increases with several clients, which should begin to flow through during the course of the year, mitigating the increase. In mobile, earnings were down as expected from softer international results, mainly in Asia-Pacific and unfavorable foreign exchange, both of which are expected to continue. U.S. mobile earnings were flat year-over-year as modest mobile subscriber growth in North America device protection programs from carrier and cable operator clients was offset by lower mobile trading results. Trade and margins were impacted by device mix from carrier promotions and slightly lower volumes, mainly due to the discontinuation of in-store service and repair. Sequentially, however, we are seeing improved mobile performance, including in the U.S. and Europe, as results benefit from expense management and more favorable loss experience compared to trends that emerged in the second half of 2022, while declines in Japan have started to stabilize. Turning to Global Automotive, earnings decreased $8 million or 9% and $5 million, excluding real estate joint venture gains from the first quarter. Similar to others in the industry, the auto business was impacted by a rise in severity from higher parts and labor costs that contributed to elevated claims. We expect to recover a portion of the higher claims cost over time through client contract structures though we expect elevated claims experience to persist throughout this year. The auto earnings decrease was partially offset by growth in the U.S. across distribution channels. And although higher claims costs across auto and extended service contracts are being driven by inflation, these businesses are also benefiting from higher investment income due to higher yields. Turning to net earned premiums, fees and other income, Lifestyle was up by $52 million or 3%. This growth was primarily driven by Global Automotive, reflecting strong prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. Connected Living net earned premiums fees and other income decreased 5%. This reflects an approximately $65 million impact from the previously disclosed new contract structures as well as premium declines related to mobile runoff programs. Excluding these contract changes in foreign currency, Connected Living’s revenues grew by 4%. The quarter benefited from growth in mobile subscribers in North America and higher contributions from extended service contracts. For full year 2023, we expect modest growth for Global Lifestyle, supported by the ongoing expansion of new and existing partnerships, particularly in Connected Living and accelerating expense savings throughout the year. We also expect increasing contributions from investment income and the positive impact from the actions mentioned to address rising claims cost. In terms of net earned premiums fees and other income for 2023, Lifestyle is still expected to grow modestly as growth in Global Automotive is partially offset by ongoing foreign exchange headwinds. Moving to Global Housing. Adjusted EBITDA was $68 million which included a $43 million increase in reportable catastrophes from severe weather and tornado events. Excluding reportable catastrophes, adjusted EBITDA was $118 million up $7 million or 7%. The stronger-than-expected results were driven by Homeowners’ top line performance, mainly from lender-placed policy growth as well as higher average insured values and premium rates. Policy growth was mainly from expanded loan portfolios of new and existing clients, although we do expect the client portfolio to run off our books as the year progresses. While non-cat loss experienced across all major products increased by $32 million, our performance in the quarter demonstrates our ability to more than offset the inflation impacts. Catastrophe reinsurance costs also increased in line with our expectations. In renters and other, earnings decreased from expected higher non-cat losses, which should continue throughout the year. For full year 2023, we continue to expect Global Housing adjusted EBITDA, excluding reportable cats, to grow due to improved performance in Homeowners, driven by top line expansion from higher rates and policy growth in lender-placed and by ongoing expense actions to be realized over the course of the year. We are monitoring potential changes in the reinsurance market as we place the remaining third of our reinsurance program in the coming months. Currently, we anticipate the cost to increase year-over-year, in line with our previous expectations. Lastly, we are not anticipating a significant improvement in lender-placed non-catastrophe losses until later in the year and continue to monitor the impact of inflation closely. Please also keep in mind that the second quarter tends to be a seasonally elevated period for non-cat losses. Moving to corporate. The first quarter adjusted EBITDA loss was $24 million, up $2 million driven by lower investment income. For the full year 2023, we continue to expect corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to be approximately $105 million. Given the market volatility over the last quarter, I also want to take a moment to discuss our investment portfolio. Investments cash and cash equivalents had a value of $9.3 billion at the end of Q1. The portfolio is high quality and diversified, reflecting our conservative investment philosophy. Fixed maturity investments in cash and cash equivalents represented 86% of our total portfolio. An estimated 94% of our fixed income securities are investment-grade rated. And overall, our U.S. regional bank exposure is modest. We also have commercial real estate investments across a number of investment vehicles with the overall portfolio performing well. Our assets are diversified across geographic regions and property type with low average security size and have attractive loan-to-value and debt coverage servicing ratios. For example, our commercial mortgage loan portfolio represents approximately 3% of our investment portfolio with approximately 130 loans with an average loan amount of about $2.3 million. The loan portfolio is highly diversified across the U.S., including a variety of property classes and with office buildings representing 11% or approximately $34 million of the loan portfolio and our real estate equity portfolio represents only 2% of our investment portfolio. It is also a diverse portfolio with only four office assets with a $26 million book value. We also have CMBS and REIT positions with 98% of those investments being investment-grade rated. While certainly not risk-free, we believe our investment portfolio is relatively low risk as it relates to current macroeconomic headwinds. Turning to holding company liquidity. We ended the quarter with $383 million. In the first quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $112 million. During the quarter, we issued $175 million in 2026 senior notes and redeemed a portion of the $225 million of senior notes due in 2023. We intend to redeem the balance of the notes on or prior to maturity in September. In addition to the $136 million of cash used for corporate and interest expenses, first quarter cash flows included $37 million of common stock dividends. For the year, we expect our businesses to continue to generate meaningful cash flow, approximating 65% of segment adjusted EBITDA, including reportable catastrophes. Cash flow expectations assume a continuation of the current macroeconomic environment and are subject to the growth of the businesses, investment portfolio performance, and rating agency and regulatory requirements. As Keith mentioned, given our performance in the first quarter and our current expectations for cash generation, we plan to resume modest buybacks as we exit the second quarter. We will continue to monitor the macroeconomic environment and adjust accordingly. In summary, our performance in the first quarter provides us with the confidence in our full year outlook. And while macroeconomic uncertainty will likely continue throughout the year, we believe the strength and momentum of our businesses and strong cash flow generation are powerful differentiators for Assurant. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Tommy McJoynt from KBW. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy McJoynt: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. So the first one, with regards to your comments on the claims cost in the Lifestyle business, so in the past, you’ve distinguished between the lifestyle partners where you hold the ultimate risk and the partners where the risk ultimately goes back to the partners. Could you give into a bit more detail on the timing of how some of those unfavorable claims could weigh on earnings in the current period but ultimately get recovered in the future periods. And what is the magnitude of those swings? Just from our standpoint, should we kind of see these numbers kind of ebb and flow in the numbers.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So maybe I can try to take that and then certainly, Richard, feel free to add in. I’d probably point to a couple of things. I’ll set aside housing, which I’m sure we will talk about later in the progress there from an inflation perspective. Nothing really to report on the mobile side. So a lot of stability mobile-ly – in terms of the mobile business around severity. So that’s come in line fairly nicely in the last couple of quarters. We signaled some pressure on the ESC. So the retail service contract side of the business. We’ve actually been taking rate increases with our partners adjusting program coverages, but also putting rate in place. So we saw a little bit of pressure in the first quarter, which is continued, I’d say, over the last three or four quarters or so. We expect that to moderate over the rest of the year. So we’ve taken action that will start to benefit through in terms of the earned premium this year. And hopefully, that will slow down that impact over the rest of ‘23. Where we are seeing a little more pressure is on the auto side, we talked about this a little bit last quarter, but certainly elevated severities in the repair shops, both in terms of parts costs and labor costs. We’re definitely seeing that come through in our performance. As you rightly suggested, we do share risk with a lot of our partners. So the vast majority of our deals are either reinsured or profit shared. So we’re keeping a residual amount of that severity risk. We do recover that in a lot of cases through repricing with our clients, whether contractually required, which is often the case or just with the partners, we will work to try to achieve target loss ratios over time. So we’ve already started taking pricing actions. We started taking certain actions more than 6 months ago around the auto business, and that should benefit us as we flow through probably more helpful in ‘24 than ‘23, we will definitely still see some pressure this year in the auto results. We do expect to see progress in auto over the balance of the year in ‘23. We are seeing good growth in revenue. We’re also seeing help in terms of the investment income portfolio, and those are helping to offset some of the pressure on severities.
Tommy McJoynt: Thanks. And then just my second question, what specifically are you seeing that’s different from previously that gives you comfort to resume the buyback assumingly just maybe a month or two ahead of prior plan? And how much of that is attributed to just looking at where the stock is trading relative to your assessment of intrinsic value?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I think as we sit here today, we’ve got a lot of confidence in our cash flow generation as a company, the strength of the business model. And I would say the positive momentum that we’ve seen in the housing business, the fact that we are seeing improving housing cost inflation indicators. We obviously had a really strong fourth quarter that repeated in the first quarter. We’re seeing some improvement in terms of inflation, and that gave us more confidence as we think about the full year outlook and our ability to deliver against that. And to your point, we’re starting a little bit earlier but we do want to capitalize on the fact that we think our stock is attractively valued, and we feel like there is a good opportunity for us to get back into the market and be more consistent with our buyback activity as we move forward.
Tommy McJoynt: That makes sense. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Great. Thanks, Tommy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. The renters insurance business here, your number of renters has held up pretty well, but your revenue has dipped a little bit. Is that a mix shift? Could you give a little detail on that?
Keith Demmings: Yes, sure. I would say a couple of things to unpack with renters. Broadly, our policy counts to your point, are pretty steady over the last year we’re seeing average premium per policy, pretty steady, and really growth in the PMC channel, we’re seeing double-digit revenue growth in our PMC channel, offset by some softness on the affinity side. When you do look at the revenue for the first quarter, a couple of things I would point out. First of all, we did have an adjustment that flowed through the premium line. If I back that out, our revenue would be roughly flat in the quarter. So I think if you take something away from renters, pretty stable, consistent performance underlying revenue pretty constant compared to Q4 compared to first quarter last year. We think there is an opportunity to drive long-term growth within this business. The second thing, we did see some favorability in the quarter from NFIP, where we’re getting paid to administer claims on behalf of the U.S. government. That does not flow through the revenue line. It flows through as a ceding fee that we receive and effectively a contra commission. So the real headline from my perspective around renters is well-positioned, steady results. The loss ratios are certainly normalizing in line with what we saw in the second half and still believe we have good long-term opportunity to grow that business.
Mark Hughes: And then on the Connected Living, what’s your assessment of the amount of marketing or advertising, advertising the norm around 5G programs kind of feeding into your mobile device count, maybe feeding into your fee income driven by the upgrade and logistical operations. Are you still seeing the same tempo? How do you see that play out over the coming years?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So we certainly had a pretty high watermark in 2022 with respect to trading activity, to your point, a lot of advertising around 5G. We saw pretty consistent volumes in the first quarter so if you strip out the impact of service and repair within that device to service line, trade-in volumes are pretty constant in Q1 versus Q1 last year. We did see a little bit of margin pressure around the mix, the mix of services we provided, the clients that have flowed through. But pretty steady from that perspective, I’d say it’s still an important part of the ecosystem, clients used as an important tool to attract customers and the marketing tends to ebb and flow and very much driven by the competitive state, particularly within the domestic mobile business. The second thing I would highlight is just the strength of our device protection business, in particular in the U.S. If you look at our top clients, and we operate with obviously one of the major mobile operators, two major cable operators picked up 84% of all net ads for postpaid customers in Q1. So our clients are growing. We’re obviously participating in that growth, and that will afford us opportunity to do more services and add more value over time.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
Keith Demmings: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from John Barnidge, Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Good morning, John.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Appreciate the opportunity. If we could stick with the auto business, I know there is an ability to recoup part of the deficit, but it can take a number of quarters to do so, if I’m understanding that correctly. How large is the deficit and how much of that will recruitment will leak into ‘24? Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Yes. The deficit isn’t that large. We’re obviously taking action and have been taking action now for a couple of quarters to make sure that, we are in the right side that, as we move forward. As I said, I think, we will see a little bit of pressure over the next three or four quarters, offset by the strong growth in the investment income. I definitely expect to see some of that recovery coming through in ‘24. And to your point, if I think about where we’ve seen some pressure in a good amount of the cases, we’re actually going to recover that deficit on an inception-to-date basis. Where in another cases, we will achieve target loss ratios on new business. We may not get historical losses back. But there is an ability to actually recover historical losses, to your point and recapture deficits. So, feel really good about how we are positioned in auto. We work closely with our clients on pricing. We don’t require regulatory approvals to make pricing changes. So, it’s really just working in partnership with our clients to do that. We have been dealing with this for 20-plus years as an organization, and we are very good at trying to find creative solutions with our clients to normalize results over time.
Richard Dziadzio: And I would just add too, John. I mean the other side of that, as Keith mentioned earlier in the remarks is that we are getting investment income. So, what we are seeing on the claims costs rising in auto and extended service contracts is just part of the inflationary environment, prices going up, but also interest rates have come up, which is part of what you are seeing in the investment income increase during the quarter.
John Barnidge: Appreciate that color. And then on pricing increases, I would imagine another round for inflation guard will be coming in July. Am I correct in thinking it won’t be nearly the same degree as a year ago, but should benefit the overall premium profile?
Keith Demmings: Yes, that’s right. And if we look at the core logic industry factor for inflation around housing, materials and labor. And if you look at where it was April 1st, last year, it was 16%. If you look at that this year, it’s just a little over 3%. So, a much more modest adjustment to average insured values, which obviously, it will have less of an impact on rate, but I think it’s more positive in terms of the health of the broader market. Seeing inflation rates normalize is very important for the performance of the business and obviously trying to keep premiums manageable from a consumer perspective. So, I actually feel really good about what we are seeing from CoreLogic. It matches up closely with a lot of the data that we look at within our business. So, feel good about how we are positioned there.
Richard Dziadzio: And just the other thing to add to that, John, and I am sure you are probably aware of it, but the 16% last year that takes a number of months to roll through as the policies renew themselves and new policies come in and so forth. So, that does take some time, just as when the 3% comes in, the first policies come in July when they renew that increase will come into place. So, it’s a little bit averaging as we get through the course of the year.
Keith Demmings: Great. Yes, it’s a great point. We haven’t fully written in the 16% AIVs that will fully write in through June, and then it will take 12 months from there to fully earn through the book. So, you are still going to feel significant rate and premium growth acceleration over the course of this year, regardless of what factor goes in, in July.
John Barnidge: Thank you for the answers. Appreciate it.
Keith Demmings: Great.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Grace Carter, Bank of America. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Good morning Grace.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning Grace.
Grace Carter: Hi everyone. So, I was wondering, just given that you said that the first quarter came in above expectations, but guidance remains flat. I know you all called out some seasonality in housing losses in the second quarter and obviously, inflationary pressure on claims cost across the book, but are there any sort of timing items or one-off favorable items in the first quarter that we need to consider when I am trying to square the first quarter performance versus the full year guidance?
Keith Demmings: You want to start on that, Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. No, I think your question was well-phrased. I think we do see, as the year goes on, we can see some seasonality in claims and typically, Q1 is a little bit lower. We will see what happens. Obviously, there is inflation that’s coming down. So, that can help the claims cost due. We had some good investment income that depends what happens with interest rates as the year goes on. We did not have any real estate sales or gains in the numbers. So, there is no one-offs in that area as well. We have some good PIF counts in housing policies in force. And we do – we did mention that we see a client rolling off as the year goes down – a year goes on, that might temper the overall increase in policies in force. So, I would say more business than usual, nothing big in the first quarter to call out, Grace.
Grace Carter: Okay. Thank you. And I think you had previously mentioned the hard market in certain states, including Florida, as driving some of the growth in the housing book. Is there any impact that you all expect from the recent reforms in Florida on growth levels going forward or more on margins?
Keith Demmings: Yes. Maybe I will start on that, Richard, and certainly, you can add in. I would say it’s really early in terms of the Florida reforms. I think long-term, it’s going to be really important for that market to improve the competitiveness and improve pricing for consumers without question. So – and we are starting to see lower AOBs coming through. So, that will take time to work through, and we will see how that emerges. But I do feel good about how that’s positioned for the future. In terms of the hard market, I would say we certainly saw PIF count grow in Florida last year. So, we had about 14,000 new policies over the course of the year because I would say largely the hard market, some of it from new clients, but a good amount from the hard market. We actually saw that begin to reverse a little bit, Grace in the first quarter. So, our PIF count in Florida actually went down a little bit. And I think that’s a sign of potentially more competitiveness into the marketplace. So, we won’t be monitoring that, but we are not expecting Florida to be a big driver of PIF from the hard market as we look forward in the rest of the year.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Good morning Brian.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, how you are all doing? So, a couple of questions here for you. The first one, you kind of described Japan starting to get a little bit better, Europe start to get a little bit better, when do you think we could start to see some year-over-year growth in global covered mobile devices in Connected Living?
Keith Demmings: Yes, it’s a great question. So, let me just address Europe quickly, and then I will talk about Japan. So, I am really pleased with the progress that our team has made in Europe, and we had a pretty significant turnaround in the first quarter. A tough second half of last year without question, but significantly improved results in the first quarter and a lot of that was due to the expense actions that our team took in the back half of 2022. So, I think we are well-positioned there and expect strong stable results in Europe over the course of the year. And I would say Japan, that’s been the market where we have seen some subscriber declines. Everywhere else has been relatively stable. The U.S. historically has been growing for us, so that – I expect that will continue. And I would say in Japan, a couple of things that are really important. Number one, it’s a really important market for the mobile business. I think we are incredibly well-positioned and we have made a lot of progress in that market. And that’s progress around investing in local talent, capabilities, technology. We actually now have relationships with all four carriers in the Japanese market. So, that creates interesting opportunities to innovate and drive growth. The subs are definitely down quarter-over-quarter. And I would point to two things and give you a little bit more color on that. One, we see slightly lower attach rates more recently. And that’s mainly because customers have migrated to more affordable devices. Because of foreign exchange, devices became more expensive last fall, and we have seen a little bit lower attach on less expensive devices in older models, but nothing of concern. And then the second thing, which is actually the bigger driver, when we launched in Japan in 2018 with our initial device protection product, it had a 4-year term. So, a monthly pay product for 4 years as opposed to an Evergreen structure. And that was appropriate at the time in the Japanese market. After a couple of years, we actually moved to an Evergreen product, what you are seeing in Japan is some of that transition rolling through where some of those 4-year contracts are hitting their end date and the cancellation rate plus those contracts ending is a higher number than the new ads that we are putting on the book. I would say, before the end of this year, that will be fully gone and then we will be positioned in Japan for growth going forward. And to my earlier point, we expect to continue to grow U.S. mobile as we have for many years.
Richard Dziadzio: And I would just add to – yes, I would just say, Brian, in addition to the sub count, we have always talked about adding services to clients. So, you have the sub count and then you have what’s the services inside that. So, as we go on, we continue to innovate the products and innovate the services going into the client to provide us more revenue per client, I would say as well.
Brian Meredith: Got it. That’s helpful. And then my second question, I am just curious, going to capital management. I appreciate probably starting to buy back a little more stock at the end of the second quarter. But given the cash flow you are expecting and given the excess capital already at the holding company, why modest, right? I mean I understand there is a little macro uncertainty, but you have got a pretty conservative investment portfolio, as you pointed out, cash flows look like they are pretty strong. Why wouldn’t you take advantage of the really inexpensive valuation, your stock more aggressively at this point?
Keith Demmings: Yes. And I think it’s as simple as we are just trying to be prudent. We work very disciplined as a company with the way we think about capital management and we are trying to get more information just in terms of how the macro picture is going to play out. Interest rates, whether there is going to be a recession, if so, when does that start to kick in? So, I just think we are trying to be prudent with our thinking on that and certainly expect as we get more information to be able to deploy more capital. But Richard, feel free to add anything else.
Brian Meredith: Outlook, also can you add does the outlook contemplate a recession?
Richard Dziadzio: When we look at the outlook, we do take into account, for example, more I would say, a decrease in inflation as the year goes on. We don’t take into account when we are projecting that there is any sort of hard landing of things. So, we do take into account, for example, when Keith was talking about in the conversation we had on claims service, the service charges, the claims costs going up. We do take into account that, that could continue to go up during the year when we reinforce our outlook for the quarter. In terms of capital, really what Keith was saying is right on, is that we are just trying to be prudent. When you look at the macroeconomic environment today and you look at the shaky what’s going on in some of the inflation aspects and the Fed increasing rates and the banking industry and things going on just generally, I think we are trying to be prudent and just be cautious about the steps we take. I agree with you. We have a – we are in a strong financial position. We have got a strong balance sheet. We have got a conservative investment portfolio. There is nothing today that we are sitting on looking at our investment portfolio that we are worried about, although we are keeping an eye on everything so to speak. So, it’s really from just being prudent to see how things play out over the next couple of months. But we do see us increasing the share buybacks towards the end of the year if things play out okay on the number of things we just talked about.
Keith Demmings: Yes. And maybe just a little bit more color on the recession question and how we think about that. We are certainly updating our views for the full year to take into account all of the trends that we are seeing within each of our lines of business. So, there is no doubt that we are paying close attention and modifying as appropriate there. I am not having a crystal ball, but certainly we can see some of those trends emerging. I would say a couple of things, though. Number one, we haven’t assumed any change in placement rate related to a recession. So, we haven’t banked on the idea that if the economy gets tougher, we will see placement rates evolve over time. So, that we have kept relatively static, and we will see how that emerges. And then I would just remind you on the Lifestyle business, a lot of our mobile economics were driven by the in-force subscribers that we have, which is $62 million monthly pay recurring. We don’t expect that to move around a lot certainly in 2023, regardless of recessionary impacts or consumer demand because that’s an in-force block of recurring revenue. And then on the auto side, we are sitting on over $10.5 billion of unearned premium reserves that are going to roll through. The bulk of the earnings this year are on business that’s already been written. So, from that perspective, in ‘23, we feel really good about projecting forward. And to Richard’s point, really watching closely inflationary trends, good and bad, right, inflationary maybe upside if housing continues to perform well and then obviously, some pressure on auto and ESC and keeping a close eye on those two things.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes our Q&A. I would like to hand back over to Keith and Richard for closing remarks.
Keith Demmings: Well, great. Just quickly, thanks everyone. Appreciate your time. As always, we are pleased with the quarter and the strong start we have had to the year and obviously very focused on delivering on all of our commitments for ‘23. We will look forward to reconnecting again for our second quarter call in August. And in the meantime, please reach out to Sean and Suzanne, if you have any other questions. And thanks everybody. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release, announcing our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with remarks from Keith and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release and financial supplement as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. Effective January 1, 2023, we realigned the composition of our segments to better manage our risk and fee-based capital-light businesses. Global Housing is now comprised of two primary lines of business, homeowners and renters and others. Certain product lines, including our lease and finance business, previously reported in housing, have been moved to Global Lifestyle to better align with our go-to-market strategy. While this change has no impact on our consolidated results, it will modestly impact the earnings trends within the segments. Our 2023 outlook is based on this realigned view. Please refer to the financial supplement for a reconciliation of certain key data for these changes. I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Suzanne, and good morning, everyone. Reflecting on my first year as CEO, I couldn't be prouder of the extraordinary dedication and commitment demonstrated by our employees in delivering for our clients and customers around the world. During the year, we made progress in executing our vision to be the leading global business services provider supporting the advancement of the connected world. We continue to grow and strengthen our partnerships with key clients, and delivered new innovative solutions, all while navigating more volatile market conditions. Our portfolio of Lifestyle and Housing businesses proved resilient, but not immune to macroeconomic headwinds. In 2022, we grew adjusted earnings per share by 11% and delivered over $1.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA, both excluding reportable catastrophes. Adjusting for $27 million of unfavorable foreign exchange, adjusted EBITDA growth was 3%, and 2022 represented our sixth consecutive year of profitable growth. This is a reflection of our compelling strategy and resilient culture. We've held true to our company's purpose of helping people thrive with a steadfast commitment to being a socially responsible company for all of our stakeholders. I'm proud that we've been recognized as a great place to work in 13 countries, and most recently in the U.S. for the second consecutive year. Our focus remains on engaging and developing our diverse talent pool through enhanced leadership and skill development programs. We also continue to reduce our environmental impact as a core pillar of our ESG strategy. Building on our progress to date, we announced in December our goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40% by 2030. This target aligns with the Paris Agreement, and ensures we drive meaningful reductions. We've also taken a number of actions within our businesses to strengthen Assurant for the future. In Global Housing, we initiated a business transformation, including exiting certain noncore businesses, such as our sharing economy, as well as international cat-exposed business where we did not see a path to leadership positions More broadly, across Assurant, we realigned our organizational structure, as Suzanne referenced, to drive more focus and better deploy talent. We also took decisive action by accelerating several expense initiatives to realize additional efficiencies and position us for continued long-term growth. As we announced in December, we expect to realize $55 million of annualized gross savings by the end of 2024 through the simplification of our organizational structure, and our real estate consolidation program given our increasingly hybrid workforce. These actions will help mitigate the impact of higher labor costs and headwinds from the macroeconomic environment, as well as fund additional investments, including increased automation. In addition to ensuring a more streamlined organizational and cost structure, we've gained momentum throughout the year in both Global Lifestyle and Global Housing, renewing and winning new clients in each of our major lines of business. In Global Lifestyle, adjusted EBITDA increased 7% in 2022, with growth from both Connected Living and Global Automotive. On a constant currency basis, adjusted EBITDA expanded by 11%, aligned with our original expectations for the year. In Connected Living, we grew adjusted EBITDA by 15% on a constant currency basis, driven by mobile protection program growth in North America. Our ability to continuously innovate our products and services has supported a stronger and more differentiated customer experience, resulting in increased Net Promoter Scores. In addition to key partner renewals, including T-Mobile and Xfinity, we secured new business opportunities and new client partnerships, continuing to diversify our broad client base. In our mobile protection business, we now protect nearly 62 million global devices, driven by the 25 new protection programs we've added since 2015. We serviced over 28 million devices in 2022, mainly from our mobile trade-in business as we add scale and further demonstrate our position as a market leader with this important value-added service to our clients. We added several new trading clients and now have over 40 trade-in programs globally. We continue to invest in talent and strengthen supply chain operations to maintain our competitive advantage. In Global Automotive, we grew global protected autos in 2022 by 2% to 54.1 million vehicles, helping to generate adjusted EBITDA growth of 5%. Recently, we expanded and enhanced our EV1 protection offering in the U.S., and coverage is now available for battery electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, including comprehensive battery coverage. In our newly combined leased and finance business, we partnered with CNH Industrial in the U.S. and Canada to provide service contracts and physical damage insurance. CNH is the third largest agriculture and construction equipment company in the world. This partnership was made possible by the talent and expertise of our teams, including through the acquisition of EPG. In Global Housing, we took swift action to mitigate the impact of high inflation within our lender-placed business. We began to see improved performance as we exited the year, reflecting the rate increases implemented over the course of the year. We expect higher rates to roll through our book into 2023 and beyond, while we manage ongoing elevated claims costs. In 2022, we renewed eight lender-placed clients, including several of our most significant partnerships with multiyear agreements. These renewals represent 36% of our over 31 million loans tracked. In Multifamily Housing, we now have over 2.6 million renters policies. While we've seen slower growth from our affinity partnerships, our volume with property management companies continues to expand as we signed several new partnerships, including two top PMCs with over 100,000 combined units. We also successfully completed multiyear renewals with six key client relationships. As we continue to convert clients to our Cover360 platform, we expect to see ongoing policy growth in that channel. Throughout the year, we maintained a strong balance sheet as we navigated increased macroeconomic uncertainty. Our businesses contributed a total of $550 million in dividends to the holding company or roughly 52% of segment earnings, including catastrophe losses. Together with the remaining net proceeds from the Global Preneed sale, we returned a total of $718 million in share repurchases and common stock dividends. Looking ahead, we believe we have a compelling vision and strategy that will drive outperformance and shareholder value long term. As a business services leader, we will continue to pursue profitable growth in more fee-based, capital-light businesses, which continue to account for the majority of our earnings. In addition, we'll continue to optimize results and cash flow generation in our risk-based business. In 2023, we believe we can drive continued profitable growth, though at a more modest pace given strong '22 results in Lifestyle and our near-term view of the broader economy. Specifically, we expect adjusted EBITDA, excluding cats, to increase low single digits, with results improving as the year progresses, reflecting trends in the business and the broader market, as well as the restructuring actions taken in 2022. Earnings growth is expected to be driven by improved performance in Global Housing, as well as more modest growth in Global Lifestyle. Adjusted earnings per share growth is expected to trail adjusted EBITDA growth, primarily reflecting a higher annual depreciation expense related to several strategic technology investments critical to executing our strategy, a higher consolidated effective tax rate compared to a favorable 2022, and timing of capital deployment. We've had a long-standing track record of strong cash flow generation and disciplined capital deployment, and we continue to believe that a balanced capital deployment strategy drives long term value. Our capital management priorities for this year will be focused on supporting the organic growth of our business and maintaining our investment-grade ratings. We expect share repurchases will remain a core component of our capital deployment strategy given the attractiveness of our stock. But in light of the continued uncertain macro environment, we believe it is prudent to preserve flexibility over the near term. Therefore, based on current market conditions and expected business performance, we anticipate that any share repurchases would occur in the second half of the year and could be below 2022 underlying buyback activity. As the broader environment begins to stabilize, and visibility improves, we will re-evaluate levels and timing of capital deployment as part of our overall capital deployment strategy. Our M&A strategy will continue to focus on compelling deals in Global Lifestyle. However, the hurdle rate for M&A will be high given the attractiveness of our stock. As we enter 2023, we remain well positioned for long-term growth through our differentiated Lifestyle and Housing portfolio. We are focused on creating new sources of growth, scaling new client wins and deepening current client relationships to continually drive added value for our key clients and customers. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review the fourth quarter results and our 2023 outlook in greater detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. As Keith has outlined, our full year 2022 performance, I will focus on fourth quarter trends, particularly as we outlined our expectations for 2023. Given some of the significant changes in foreign exchange rates during the year, I will be citing some growth rates in both absolute and constant currency terms. For the fourth quarter 2022, adjusted EBITDA, excluding catastrophes, totaled $296 million or $39 million or 15% year-over-year and 19% on a constant currency basis. Our performance reflected improved results from both Global Housing and Global Lifestyle. Adjusted earnings per share, excluding reportable catastrophes, totaled $3.56 for the quarter, up 24% year-over-year. Now let's move to segment results, starting with Global Lifestyle. The segment reported adjusted EBITDA of $166 million in the fourth quarter, a 6% increase year-over-year, but double that, or 12% on a constant currency basis. The increase was driven by higher Connected Living earnings, which grew 21% or 31% on a constant currency basis. Connected Living strong growth was primarily from three factors. First, reduced mobile service and repair expenses compared to the prior year period, second, continued modest mobile subscriber growth in North American device protection programs from carrier and cable operator clients, and third, higher investment income. As expected, strong U.S. results were partially offset by continued weak performance in Europe and declines in Japan as programs mature. In device trading, we serviced 7.5 million devices in the fourth quarter, our highest quarterly volume this year. While volumes were strong, trading results declined as margins were pressured by device mix resulting from carrier promotions. Claims cost in Connected Living overall remain steady. Although we did see some pockets of higher costs from labor and materials within our extended service contract business. In Global Automotive, earnings decreased $7 million or 10%, primarily from weaker global performance and higher claims costs. In the U.S., a higher portion of higher claims costs are expected to be recovered over time from client contract structures. The earnings decrease was partially offset by domestic growth across distribution channels. Turning to net earned premium fees and other income. Lifestyle was up $20 million, or 1% and 3% on a constant currency basis. This growth was primarily driven by Global Automotive, reflecting strong prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. When adjusting for unfavorable foreign exchange, Connected Living's earned premium fees and other income increased slightly from growth in mobile subscribers in North America, partially offset by premium declines in mobile from runoff programs. Based on the new reporting structure for full year 2023, Lifestyle adjusted EBITDA is expected to grow modestly from our revised 2022 baseline of $809 million, driven by both Connected Living and Global Automotive. Over the course of the year, we expect Connected Living to benefit from modest subscriber growth in existing North American mobile programs, as well as increases in U.S. auto. The gradual ramp-up of our new mobile and connected home programs, and expense savings from the previously announced restructuring plan should benefit results as we get into the second half of the year. We do anticipate some continued headwinds to partially offset these growth drivers. These will be more pronounced in the first half of the year. Specifically, in 2022, we benefited from a number of favorable items that are not expected to recur. These included $24 million in investment income from real estate joint venture investments, and $11 million from a client contract benefit. We also anticipate continued headwinds in our international business, particularly in the first half of the year given lower volumes in Europe, and modest subscriber declines as programs mature in Japan. In addition, unfavorable foreign exchange, which will impact both the top and bottom lines. And finally, we anticipate continued higher claims costs particularly in extended service contracts as well as less favorable loss experience for select ancillary auto products. In terms of net earned premiums, fees and other income for 2023, Lifestyle is expected to grow modestly as growth in Global Automotive is offset by declines in Connected Living and ongoing foreign exchange headwinds. Connected Living will be impacted by the implementation of two new contract structures, which we estimate will lower top line in 2023 by $230 million. It is important to note, though, that these two changes will have no impact to our bottom line. Excluding these changes, we would anticipate growth in Connected Living net earned premiums fees and other income. Moving now to Global Housing. Adjusted EBITDA was $135 million, which included $22 million of reportable catastrophes from winter storms and Hurricane Nicole during the quarter. Excluding catastrophe losses, adjusted EBITDA was $157 million, up $31 million or 25%. The increase was driven primarily by lender-placed insurance, partially offset by $15 million in higher non-cat loss experience across all major products, including multifamily housing. Lender-placed earnings significantly increased, accounting for most of the increase in housing earnings from higher average insured values and premium rates as well as policy growth. In addition, expense savings and higher investment income contributed to the increase. These items were partially offset by higher cat reinsurance costs. Based on the new reporting structure, for the full year 2023, we expect Global Housing adjusted EBITDA, excluding cats, to grow from a revised 2022 baseline of $417 million. Improved earnings performance is expected from two main drivers. First, top line growth from rate recovery and lender-placed, and second, ongoing expense actions to be realized over the course of the year. We expect ongoing elevated non-catastrophe losses, including higher seasonal weather-related claims in the first half and increased cat reinsurance costs to continue in 2023. Gradual improvement in lender-placed non-catastrophe losses is assumed later in the year. We also expect lower Multifamily Housing profitability from lower contributions from our affinity partners and higher non-cat losses as they return to more normalized levels. In terms of our cat reinsurance program, in January, we secured two thirds of our 2023 program. Similar to much of the industry, we've seen significant price increases, but the cost is relatively in line with our expectations. We anticipate elevated pricing will continue in June when we place the final third of the full program and have reflected this in our outlook. Given the significant increase in reinsurance prices, and in order to optimize risk and return, we expect our per event retention level to increase to $125 million. This incorporates the growth in lender-placed exposure, primarily from inflation, partially offset by some declines in our international risk exposure. Reflecting on these expected changes, we now believe the appropriate cat load for 2023 is $140 million. And finally, I'd also note that our outlook for housing assumes no meaningful deterioration in the broader U.S. housing market that would cause an increase in placement rates or a worsening of loss experience. Moving to Corporate. The fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA loss was $27 million, up $2 million, and was driven by lower investment income. For the full year 2023, we expect the Corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to be approximately $105 million. Turning to holding company liquidity. We ended the year with $446 million. In the fourth quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $89 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, we also had outflows from three main items, $13 million of share repurchases, $38 million in common stock dividends and $81 million related to the two strategic acquisitions previously announced that will strengthen our position in the commercial equipment space. During 2022, Lifestyle and Housing contributed $550 million in dividends to the holding company. This was below our expectations given changes in investment portfolio values, reserve strengthening and accounting changes for non-core operations. In 2023, we expect our businesses to continue to generate meaningful cash flow. Cash conversion should approximate 65% of segment adjusted EBITDA, including reportable catastrophes. This accounts for the previously announced restructuring charges. This also assumes a continuation of the current economic environment and is subject to the growth of the business, investment portfolio performance and regulatory rating agency requirements. In summary, we continued our track record of profitable earnings growth and strong cash flow generation in 2022 despite some challenging conditions. And although we do expect to face continued macroeconomic uncertainty in 2023, we firmly believe we're well positioned to serve our current and future clients and customers and to continue to grow Assurant. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Morning, John.
Richard Dziadzio: Morning, John.
John Barnidge: Good morning. Thank you for – good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. There is definitely seems to be a lot of conservatism in the outlook as it relates to the first half of the year. How different does your outlook differ for the first half versus the second half? And why does the second half give you confidence? Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Great. Maybe just a couple of comments on '22, and then I'll talk about how we think about '23. So certainly happy with how we finished the year, obviously, a tremendous amount of change in the marketplace, very dynamic. And the fact that we were able to grow, not just EPS, but also grow EBITDA for the full year, really proud of the work done by the team to do that. And we do feel really well positioned as we think about our market position, how we're engaged with our clients. So expect that to continue as we roll forward. As we think about 2023, I guess there is a couple of things to remember. We certainly had some favorability, particularly in Lifestyle in '22 that doesn't repeat. Richard mentioned about $35 million between real estate gains, as well as the onetime client benefits. So we've got to grow our way through that into '23. We also expect continued foreign exchange pressure in our '23 outlook in Lifestyle. And then on top of that, we do expect to grow even though we've got some pressure certainly in the international markets, which we've talked about over the last couple of quarters. And then in terms of the housing business, obviously, a really strong fourth quarter. We're excited by the progress that our team has made, not just in terms of getting rate, adjusting average insured values, but also the work done on expenses, simplifying the organization, expect continued momentum as we head into '23. Obviously, there's a natural reset between Q4 and Q1 in the housing business. We typically see higher losses in the first quarter due to winter storms and seasonality. We also had really favorable losses in Multifamily Housing in the first half of '22. That was a carryover from '21 as well. So we've got to overcome that as we think about the progression through the year. So again, expect each quarter to improve as we get through '23 and then accelerate growth into '24.
John Barnidge: Thank you for that. And then my follow-up question. It looks like there was growth in global mobile devices protected, serviced and global protected vehicles. Can you maybe talk about that? One, maybe the upgrade cycle, market positioning and then that trade-in issue that was occurring in the third quarter, that seems to have resolved itself? Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Great. Yes. So I think if I start with auto, steady progress, as we've seen over many quarters in terms of protected vehicles, and that trend certainly has continued and we continue to be well positioned there. On the mobile side, you're correct. We saw about - pretty significant growth in the U.S. market. So if I look at devices protected up 300,000 sequentially, 500,000 of that is actually from growth domestically in the U.S. market, and that's offsetting some natural runoff that we have. So pretty strong growth in the U.S., great results in the U.S. for Connected Living overall for the year. And that's driven just by market share gains from the clients that we partner with on the insurance side. So if you think about our device protection partners in the U.S., they're gaining roughly 70% of the net adds for postpaid customers. So that is helping us significantly in the U.S. market. And then we've got a little bit of softness internationally in terms of subscribers. I'd say a little bit of growth in Europe, offset by some declines in Latin America, and then a little bit of softness in Japan, which we've talked about the last couple of quarters. And then finally, on the trade-in point, we did see the issue resolve itself that we talked about in the third quarter. That did get resolved in the fourth quarter. We saw good volume growth flowing through. We saw some different margins in the business based on the mix of devices in certain client contracts. Part of our fees are based on selling prices of devices so sometimes you can have higher volume, but a potentially lower quality devices, and that can affect the ultimate margins in the business and move around from quarter-to-quarter.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much for the answers.
Keith Demmings: Great. Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Hey, good morning. Kind of along those lines, the 5G upgrade programs, I think you mentioned you're getting 70% of the net adds among your customers, that's an interesting number. Where do they stand in terms of the marketing, the push to get those 5G upgrades? Does that help or is that activity decelerating? How do you see it? A - Keith Demmings Yes, I think we saw a little bit of lower marketing activity in the fourth quarter. There were certainly some supply constraints in the market. So that affected some of the traded promotional offers that we would normally see that can bounce around and be quite seasonal and also depending on the competitive nature of the market. But there's no doubt the push by carriers to move customers to 5G, to unlimited plans, to higher-end devices continues. We'll see how that evolves in '23. We obviously had a tremendous amount of trade-in activity in 2022, a relatively high watermark. Expect to see continued strength around that as we go forward. But it ebbs and flows, I would say, depending on the dynamics and the competitive landscape.
Mark Hughes: And in the coastal property markets, I think there's some reference to maybe a lender-placed being held in states like Florida, just because the standard policies are getting so expensive. Are you seeing a dynamic like that? Is that an opportunity for you, do you think that will help push out placement rates in Florida and other coastal markets?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. If you look at the fourth quarter, and we think about lender-placed, we had about 12,000 incremental policies come into the book. So we are seeing growth in in-force policies. I'd say half of that growth is we brought on a new client, which is why you'll see loans tracked up fairly significantly. And then the other half is entirely due to what I would say is the hard market. Florida is certainly a big chunk of that as well as California and other areas. So I do think that is helping support policy growth. We saw a pretty strong policy growth for the full year in lender-placed. And none of that is really from deterioration in the economy more broadly where we might expect to see placement rates increase over time if there's a lot of pressure in the economy. It's all just the difficult insurance market. So it's definitely helping us. We're well priced with our products in those markets, and we feel we're well positioned to grow from it.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tommy McJoynt from KBW. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Morning, Tommy.
Richard Dziadzio: Morning, Tommy.
Tommy McJoynt: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Yeah, so first one, can you just go into a bit more detail on some of the drivers for pausing the buyback? I guess, I think of this business really holistically is less exposed to the - some of the economic cyclicality. So it's a bit surprising to see that as the driver for pausing the capital distribution. So if you could just go into a little bit more detail on that, that would be great.
Keith Demmings: Sure. And maybe I'll start, and certainly, Richard can chime in. But first and foremost, I would say our capital management philosophy, as an organization, has not changed. At third quarter, we signaled a disciplined approach that we wanted to exercise prudence. There's just a lot of market uncertainty today. It's been a pretty dynamic macro backdrop. So we're trying to exercise caution and make the best decisions we can with our capital. We've talked about this in the prepared remarks and consistently over time. We're definitely supporting the organic growth of the company. We still see lots of opportunity to grow organically. We want to protect our ratings, which are important to us. And then we've signaled - we do think share buybacks will be an important part of our capital deployment strategy going forward. We've talked about being balanced long term between capital deployment through share return and also M&A. But based on where we sit today, we think our shares are very attractive. And so I think about it as being prudent for the moment, getting better visibility, understanding how results are progressing and then making those rate decisions with all of that additional information as we head into the back half of the year. But, Richard, what else might you add?
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. Thanks, Keith. Hi, Tommy. Yeah, I think exactly what Keith said in terms of being prudent and really wanting to see how the macroeconomic environment plays out. I'd also add that, last year, in terms of returns of capital to shareholders, it was a high point for us with a return of about $720 million when we talk about share repurchases and dividends together. So we have shown and demonstrated over time that we won't sit on excess capital for a long time, but we do want to be prudent in the markets here. And if everything plays out, we would expect, at some point, to be back in maybe late in the second half, but we'll see how things go. We want to be prudent.
Tommy McJoynt: Thanks. And then just my other question, going back a little bit to the Connected Living side, you talked about being some of your partners, with T-Mobile, Sprint and some of the charter spectrum [ph] Can you talk a little bit about the opportunity around Verizon and AT&T, and just kind of remind us what services you are providing for them and kind of what any kind of incremental opportunity might be?
Keith Demmings: Sure. So we do business with both Verizon and AT&T and support their trade-in business domestically in the U.S. So great partnerships, actually came through the HYLA acquisition, and there's certainly long term opportunity. We talk about our business being built on deep client relationships with the world's leading brands. Those are certainly two examples of really, really important clients and brands that we can partner with. So no doubt there's opportunity over time to help them solve problems, innovate and create value for their customers. And we certainly work hard every day to serve them today, and then look for opportunities to grow with them in the future.
Tommy McJoynt: Thank you.
Keith Demmings: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Hey, good morning, everybody. A couple of them here for you. First, I'm just curious, Richard, maybe NII outlook here going forward in the Global Housing business? Or is there still potential upside given where new money rates are?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brian. Yes, I think in terms of new money rates fixed income, we do see overall yields continuing to move up in the future as the portfolio rolls over and the lower yields that we've had in the past convert themselves into the new higher yield. So we will see that as we go forward over the next couple of years. So a nice tailwind for us. We've obviously seen short-term rates come up to. That's a nice tailwind for us. I would say that relative, if I think about '23 versus 2022, as Keith mentioned earlier and in our prepared remarks, we did have some good real estate gains during the course of the year. So I kind of look at it for 2023, that the increase in investment income will be a bit modest just given those two factors, increase in yields being offset by the real estate gains.
Brian Meredith: That makes sense. Thanks. And then I guess my second question, Keith, you talked a little bit about the international markets and some pressure we're going to see in the first half of the year. I'm just curious what your thoughts are, and built in your expectations and guidance for kind of the domestic consumer here in the U.S. What do things look like potentially if we do go into a recession second half of the year?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So our U.S. business has performed incredibly well if we think about where we're at in 2022. And we expect to continue to see growth going forward in '23. We obviously have to offset the one-time client benefit we talked about in Q3. But we do feel like, domestically, we're well positioned. If you think about the business, and I'll talk about mobile and then maybe auto quickly. On the mobile side, bulk of our economics are driven by the in-force subscribers that we protect. And as you saw that actually increased in the fourth quarter, consumers continue to want to protect their devices, and that's an in-force monthly subscription. So we don't see a lot of movement quarter-to-quarter and month-to-month. So we do feel like we're quite well protected there. To the extent there's less trade-in activity, if consumers are less incented to buy new devices because the economy is a little more pressured, we might see a little bit of softness in terms of that side of the business. It's not the biggest driver of total profitability, but it's still obviously an important factor. And then if you think about the auto business more broadly, we do expect sales of - retail sales of cars to be relatively steady in '23 versus '22. A little more growth on new offset by softness on the used side, but probably 80% of the economics in '23 are from policies that have already been written that will earn through the book. So from that perspective, we're relatively well positioned, and we've done well through typical downturns in the economy in our product lines because it just puts more focus on the sale of these ancillary products with our partners.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Grace Carter from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Morning, Grace.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning, Grace.
Grace Carter: Hi. I've seen some forecast out there for potential lower smartphone shipments to the U.S. next year. And I was just wondering how the domestic Connected Living business might be affected if that were to happen, and just the extent to which that might be reflected in your outlook for next year?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. Certainly, and I've seen the same reports. And like I said, that would definitely have an impact on trade-in volumes if there is less devices being purchased by consumers. I still expect to see a healthy number, certainly in '23 overall, but maybe a little bit muted from '22 levels. A lot of the growth that we're getting is because our clients are actually adding subscribers. So we're seeing that through the fourth quarter as well. So from a device protection point of view, we think we're well positioned there, and we have seen meaningful growth in the last quarter as a result of that. So I do feel like we'll see strength in domestic Connected Living. And obviously, that will drive to offset some of the other factors that we talked about in 2022. So we had some help in 2022 from the items we discussed. We've got to overcome foreign exchange. And domestically, we expect our business to perform well to allow us to generate that growth in '23.
Grace Carter: Thank you. And on the housing side, kind of back to the question about the Florida market. How does the risk profile of the policies that you've been adding due just to the hard market dynamics compare versus the remainder of the book? And I was wondering if the recent reforms in Florida have any noticeable impact on the growth outlook for the housing book this year?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. I think - so certainly, the housing - the reforms in Florida should be helpful to the industry over time without question and obviously looking to try to stabilize the insurance environment and really for the benefit of the end consumer try to control pricing over time. So I think, over time, that will benefit loss ratios and reduce some of the litigation. Obviously, that's not something that we're building into our forecast at this point. There's a lot of work yet to be done to see how that will roll through. I think growth in Florida for us is a positive thing. We're well priced and well positioned. And lender place is a scale business. We're tracking the loans already. So if we pick up some additional policies, we're not adding a tremendous amount of incremental expense. We've done an incredibly good job in housing in '22, actually driving down operational expenses year-over-year, even though we've seen policy growth, which demonstrates our focus on digital investments, but also the scale advantages of the business. So I think growth in Florida is a good thing for our business, and we're well positioned to take advantage of it over time.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: And we have been getting rate race as well. So as Keith said, it's - we have been getting a little bit more, but it's - from our point of view, it's good business. And the reforms, as you pointed out, should help over time.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Great. Thanks, Grace.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have a follow-up question from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: Hey, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Yeah, the $15 million you talked about in higher non-cat losses on the property side, you really haven't mentioned inflation. But I wonder if there's any thoughts you've got how much of that may be weather, if you have already seen that or anticipated versus just materials, labor costs, things like that? And whether you are kind of over the hump on that? Or has there been any material inflection? Just how do you see it now?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. Maybe I'll just start at a high level, Richard, and then you could add some color. But I definitely think we're - from an inflationary perspective, we're still seeing elevated claims costs, there's no question. I think where we are seeing the favorability overall is really the rate rolling through from both rate increases and average insured values, and that is obviously offsetting some of that inflationary pressure. But we definitely see inflation still, that will persist and construction inflation is different yet again from other measures of inflation. But what would you add, Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah, similar to what Keith said, I guess I would say that - I would say most of it is in severity. I think severity these days, it's we think inflation. Actually, frequencies have been coming down just in terms of weather, whatever, we haven't been seeing an increase in smaller weather-related items, so more in severity. And as Keith said, we have been getting some price increases with that. We do the rate filings on an interim basis. So we think we're in a good position. We also think as we go forward this year, we're being prudent and I guess, appropriately prudent with regard to our expectations of inflation. Obviously, that's big headline out in the markets. We do see inflation staying a little bit resistantly high for the near term, but really coming down slowly as the year goes on. So we've kind of factored that into our analysis and should be in a good place there, not trying to go -- be too aggressive about bringing inflation down.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. And one - just one other point to make, and I referenced it earlier, we did see favorability - set aside lender-placed for a second, we did see favorability of loss ratios in some of our other lines, renters and some specialty products, particularly in the first half of '22. We've seen that normalize over the balance of '22 to what are more natural levels. I think we were really at kind of pandemic level lows with respect to some of the losses that we were seeing. So that also will normalize. That puts a little pressure on the first half of the year for housing and then obviously, lender-placed where we're getting a lot of rate tries to help overcome that over the course of the year.
Mark Hughes: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it over to Keith Demmings for some final closing comments.
Keith Demmings: Wonderful. Well, thanks, everybody, for participating in today's call. And obviously, we'll look forward to speaking to you all again at the end of the first quarter and our call in May. In the meantime, reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier, if you have any other follow-up questions. But again, thanks for the time. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant’s Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following management’s prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2022 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the third quarter of 2022. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We will start today’s call with remarks from Keith and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday’s earnings release as well as in our SEC reports. During today’s call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the Company’s performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday’s news release and financial supplement that can be found on our website. I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Suzanne and good morning, everyone. As we previewed last week our third quarter 2022 results came in below our expectations. This reflected a more challenging macroeconomic environment and lower contributions from Global Lifestyle. Following a very strong first half of the year where we grew Lifestyle adjusted EBITDA by 14% year-over-year this quarter had more significant headwinds internationally, including unfavorable foreign exchange, a modest uptick in claims and lower Connected Living program volumes. While disappointing our results don’t change our view of the inherent growth momentum in the Lifestyle business, we believe the actions we are taking to drive additional expense savings will also better mitigate potential further deterioration in macro conditions. Looking at Global Housing, the segments performance was in line with our expectations for the quarter. We are pleased with the progress we have made in not only increasing revenues through higher average insured values and rates, but also the transformation actions we have taken to simplify the business and drive future growth. Looking at the year-to-date performance to the first nine-months of 2022, Assurant’s reported adjusted EPS of $10.05 is up 7% for last year and adjusted EBITDA of $832 million is down 4%, both excluding reportable catastrophes. As we evaluate our progress this year we continue to believe we have a compelling strategy, strong fundamentals and momentum with clients as we continue to align with leading global brands and maintain market leading positions across our key lines of business. For example, we announced a further multi-year extension of our longstanding partnership with T-Mobile. This important contract extension provides us with increased long-term visibility in our U.S. mobile business. At the same time, it gives us greater opportunity to increase repair volumes through our over 500 cell phone repair locations with the ability to leverage this capability with other U.S. clients. We have also made investments to support our product development around the Connected Home and we continue to engage in encouraging dialogue with key clients creating a long-term opportunity for growth. This also included supporting our largest U.S. retail client with the expanded relationship we announced earlier this year. While macroeconomic conditions in Europe are challenging, we continue to win new opportunities and recently expanded our global partnership with Samsung to launch Samsung Care plus smartphone protection in six major European markets. We now offer this solution across three continents. This momentum combined with our partnerships with well-positioned global market leaders should help us outperform through an economic downturn. Turning to Global Housing, we have already begun a comprehensive transformational effort to position the business for long-term success and we are pleased with our progress. Consistent with our practice of actively managing our portfolio of businesses and reviewing it for strategic fit in addition to exiting commercial liability, we are eliminating our international Housing catastrophe exposure. We don’t see these businesses as core to our strategy or a path to leadership positions. As we execute these changes, we are designing a new organizational structure for Global Housing to better manage our risk businesses from our capital light oriented businesses as part of our transformational agenda and also to realize greater efficiencies. We are finalizing our plans for implementation in 2023. As we reflect on Assurant’s overall results to-date and current market conditions, we now expect 2022 adjusted EPS, excluding catastrophes to grow high single-digits from $12.28 last year, driven by share repurchases and Global Lifestyle growth. For the full-year, we expect adjusted EBITDA excluding catastrophes, will be down modestly to flat with 2021. This will be driven by high single-digit adjusted EBITDA growth for Lifestyle even with additional macro headwinds. In fact, on a constant-currency basis, we expect Global Lifestyle to finish 2022 aligned with our original Lifestyle expectations of low double-digit growth. In Global Automotive, we still expect to outperform our initial expectations, driven by tailwinds from investment income and underlying growth in the business, as we expand share with clients and add to our 54 million protected vehicles. For 2022, we continue to believe Global Housing will decrease by low to mid teens, but we are pleased to see the initial improvements in our underlying results. From a capital perspective, we remain good stewards. Year-to-date, we have returned a total of $667 million dollars of capital to shareholders, including proceeds from the sale of Preneed and by year end, we expect to close two small acquisitions for a total of approximately $80 million. These deals will strengthen our position in commercial equipment with attractively priced assets and minimal integration effort. Looking ahead, given macroeconomic volatility, we will exercise prudence in the near-term relative to capital deployment so that we can maintain maximum flexibility to continue to support our organic growth. This doesn’t change our conviction of the strong cash flow generation of our businesses, nor our view of the attractiveness of our stock, but rather as a reflection of the uncertain macro environment. As the broader environment begins to stabilize and visibility improves, we will evaluate capital deployment to maximize shareholder value. Looking to 2023, we are confident in the growth of our businesses. We expect both our Global Housing and Global Lifestyle adjusted EBITDA ex-cats to increase year-over-year. To that end, we are taking decisive actions to mitigate headwinds, while we maintain our relentless focus on growth. The Global Housing business is poised to grow in 2023 and we started to see evidence of that in the third quarter, as rate increases flowed through the book. In the long-term, the business should provide downside protection, if we see a further deterioration in the U.S. economy. We believe Global Lifestyle is positioned to grow in 2023. This is based on expectations of continued strong underlying growth momentum, even while factoring in lower international business volumes and increasing claims costs. We have also started several initiatives across the enterprise to drive greater operational efficiencies and leverage our economies of scale. We are now pushing even harder to realize incremental expense savings, given the increasingly volatile market. We expect to finalize plans in the months ahead, so that we can implement in 2023 and beyond. This includes optimizing our organizational structure and best aligning our talent, leveraging our global footprint to reduce labor costs where possible, continuing to review our real estate strategy, recognizing we have an increasingly more hybrid workforce and accelerating our adoption of digital solutions. Our digital first strategies are yielding positive results in 2022, both in terms of delivering better customer experiences and meaningful savings. As part of our 2023 planning, we are taking steps to accelerate digital adoption and automate processes which will further reduce cost and improve the customer experience. We are also applying the same principles to drive greater automation and self-service throughout our functional areas. With this in mind, and considering how the overall business environment has changed, we are re-evaluating our long-term financial objectives shared at Investor Day. In February, we expect to share our 2023 outlook also factoring in the most recent business trends and macro environment. This in no way changes our view on our business advantages, leadership aspirations or long-term growth potential. We continue to be well positioned with industry leading clients as we focus on key products and capabilities where we have market leading advantages. We believe we have a compelling portfolio of businesses poised to outperform as we deliver on our vision to be the leading global business services provider supporting the advancement of the connected world. I will now turn the call over to Richard to review the third quarter of results and a revised 2022 outlook in greater detail. Richard.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Adjusted EBITDA excluding catastrophes totaled $240 million down 11% from the third quarter of 2021. Our performance reflected weaker results in both Global Housing and Global Lifestyle. For the quarter, we reported adjusted earnings per share, excluding reportable catastrophes of $2.81 down 8% from the prior year period. Now let’s move to segment results, starting with Global Lifestyle. This segment reported adjusted EBITDA of $166 million in the third quarter, a year-over-year decreased to 6%, driven primarily by Connected Living. Excluding an $11 million one-time client contract benefit in Connected Living, Lifestyle earnings decreased by $22 million. The Connected Living decline of $18 million was primarily from four factors. First, $7 million of unfavorable foreign exchange, mainly from the weakening of the Japanese Yen. Second, lower margins in our device trade-in business from lower volumes. However, this is expected to improve starting in the fourth quarter, which we have already seen in October. Third, our Extended Service Contracts business was impacted by higher claims cost from wage and materials, and we did make some additional investments in Connected Home and lastly, softer international volumes for mobile particularly in Japan and Europe. The decline was partially offset by continued mobile subscriber growth in North America device protection programs from carrier and cable operator clients. In Global Automotive, earnings decrease $4 million or 6%, primarily from lower investment income and higher losses in Europe. Turning to revenue year-over-year Lifestyle revenue was up by $29 million or 1% driven by continued growth in Global Automotive. Global Automotive revenue increased 9% reflecting strong prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. On year-to-date basis, our net written premiums in auto were down 2%, demonstrating the resilience of the business relative to the broader U.S. auto market, which contracted at a faster pace. Within Connected Living revenue is down 4% year-over-year due to lower revenue in mobile mainly from premium declines from runoff programs and unfavorable foreign exchange. This was partially offset by growth in subscribers in North America. In the third quarter, we serviced 7.1 million global mobile devices supported by new phone introductions and carrier promotions from the growing adoption of 5G devices. For the full-year 2022, we now expect Lifestyle adjusted EBITDA to grow high single-digits compared to 2021, led by double-digit mobile expansion and Global Automotive growth. Earnings in the fourth quarter should grow year-over-year, mainly from growth and Connected Living. Moving to Global Housing the adjusted EBITDA loss was $25 million which included $124 million of reportable catastrophes. As a retention level event Hurricane Ian was the primary driver of reportable catastrophes in the quarter, along with the associated reinstatement premiums. Excluding catastrophe losses, adjusted EBITDA was $99 million down $18 million or 15%. The decrease was driven primarily by approximately $38 million in higher non-cat loss experience across all major products, including approximately $24 million of prior period reserve strengthening. Lender placed earnings were flat as elevated loss experienced a $13 million of higher catastrophe reinsurance costs were largely offset by higher average insured values and premium rates. The placement rate increased nine basis points sequentially, mainly from client portfolio additions having a higher average placement rate. The increase is not a reflection of a deterioration in the U.S. mortgage landscape. In Multi-Family Housing, increased non-cat losses, including some reserve strengthening and an increase in expenses from ongoing investments to expand our capabilities and strength in our customer experience resulted in lower profitability. Global Housing revenue increased 3% from growth within several specialty offerings as well as higher average insured values in premium rates and lender place. This was partially offset by higher catastrophe reinsurance costs noted earlier from Hurricane Ian. For the full-year, we expect Global Housing adjusted EBITDA, excluding cats to decline by low to mid teens from 2021 with an increasing benefit in the fourth quarter from higher AAVs and rate. We are also evaluating our catastrophe reinsurance program as we approach the January 1st purchase to ensure we optimize risk and return. This may include increasing our retention level, reflecting the growth of the book of business stemming from inflation. In the meantime, we believe the implemented rate adjustments will result in higher premiums that can help to mitigate the increase in cat reinsurance costs. At corporate the adjusted EBITDA loss was $25 million up $2 million driven by lower investment income. For the full-year, we continued to expect corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to be approximately $105 million. Turning now to holding company liquidity, we ended the third quarter with $529 million, $304 million above our current minimum target level. In the third quarter dividends from our operating segments totaled $143 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate interest expenses, we offset outflows from three main items, $80 million of share repurchases, $37 million of common stock dividends and $6 million mainly related to Assurant Venture investments. For the full-year in addition to the $365 million of preneed proceeds, we expect incremental share repurchases to be on the lower end of our targeted range of $200 million to $300 million. As always, segment dividends are subject to the growth of the businesses, investment portfolio performance and rating agency and regulatory capital requirements. Turning to future capital deployment, our objective continues to be to maintain our strong financial position, while continuing to invest in our future organic growth. However, given the interest rate volatility and uncertain global macro environment, we plan to be prudent relative to capital deployment in the near future. In conclusion, while our third quarter results were disappointing, we are confident that our fourth quarter results will improve and with the additional actions we are taking to grow the top-line and leverage our expense base, we are positioning ourselves for growth into 2023. And with that operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Mike Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Phillips: Good morning, everybody. Thanks. I guess I wanted to touch on the comments on 2023. You mentioned you expect growth in those segments. And as I compare that to your stuff you gave in February. You are pretty specific with the financial objectives of numbers by segment of EBITDA growth. Hear I believe you said if you want to reevaluate that and it sounds like, you are also expecting a Lifestyle continue to hire claim calls. So kind of want to kind of marry those and make sure we are not reading too much into your wording of reevaluating 2023 growth, as compared to your objectives before?
Keith Demmings: Okay. Yes, maybe I can try to tackle that a couple of ways. So if you think about the outlook for 2022. If we just start with that, obviously, we are below what we expected originally from Investor Day, largely driven by the decline in the Housing business, as it relates to inflation, which we talked a lot about last quarter. We had also expected Lifestyle to even outperform our original expectations, when we think back to where we started the year and kind of what we signaled last quarter. Obviously, we saw a softer Q3 in Lifestyle. We still expect Lifestyle to generate strong growth, as we think about 2022. So we talked about high single-digit growth in Lifestyle, but that is over coming relatively significant foreign exchange rates. If you think about constant currency basis, we expect to be in the low double-digit range, which was underpinning our Lifestyle Investor Day commentary. I would say that, because Housing is behind and Lifestyle is sort of inline, but not outperforming as significantly as we had hoped last quarter and we can talk about the third quarter. We have said, it is prudent for us to close the year, evaluate how we finish, look at the trends as we think about 2023 and 2024. There is a tremendous amount of turmoil in the global economy and the macro environment. So trying to make sure we take all of that into account, to set our outlook for 2023 that will also be based on the expense actions which we are taking in the fourth quarter. We do expect international softness to continue. I think foreign exchange will be a pressure. Claims costs are rising. Not a huge part of the Lifestyle story, but still important. We are trying to take expense actions to offset that pressure, and I think prudent for us to revisit and think about those longer-term commitments to make sure that we are being as transparent as we can with the market.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you. I think that makes sense. I guess when you looked at the - in this quarter, one of the segments in the Lifestyle was the mobile margins. And you talk about how that is not going to continue and can I revert, I guess you mean in fourth quarter. Can you talk about why that is?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So there is a couple things. So if I think about the third quarter for Lifestyle, we certainly expected results in the third quarter to be lower than what we saw in the first half. So that wasn’t surprising, but obviously they came in even lower than we were expecting. Maybe I will unpack why we would’ve thought they would’ve been lower to start with, and then what happened in the quarter. So I would say as we thought about Q3, we knew there would be more losses in mobile from seasonality. We tend to see higher claims in the summer months, particularly for the clients where we are on risk. So that certainly happened and we saw an elevated level of claims beyond what we were expecting in the third quarter. If you think about the first half of the year, we saw tremendous favorability around mobile losses. So frequency of claims is lower than historic levels. We have done a really good job managing severity, a lot of efficiency in our supply chain, but also leveraging walk-in repair as well to drive down severity of claims. And we thought that positive trend line would continue in third core. There is a little bit of a reversal mainly around the cost of acquiring devices when we had to do replacement devices and just the sort of the mix of inventory that we had. We expect to see that normalized more into the fourth quarter and beyond. When I think about mobile losses, year-to-date, pretty in line with what we would have expected at the beginning of the year, very much in line with what we saw in 2021. So choppiness between really strong favorability in the first half and then some softness in the third quarter. We also saw accelerated investments around the Connected Home in Q3, which we knew would continue and we had some favorability in the first half with investment income in auto, which we knew wouldn’t continue. So we certainly expected Q3 to be down, but in terms of the miss to our expectations, I would say 50% of that miss is broadly international, a combination of FX and softer volumes in a softer economy, particularly in Europe and Japan. And then about half of it was domestic trade in margins, which was probably more of a timing point in terms of devices being delayed to be received in our depots, and that will reverse itself in the fourth quarter. I talked about the mobile losses being another driver, and then we saw a little bit of loss pressure on the ESC portfolio. Not a huge number, but certainly there is inflation in the system and that is flowing through.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you for all the color. I appreciate it.
Keith Demmings: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tommy McJoynt from KBW. Your line is open.
Tommy McJoynt: So just maybe stepping back a little bit and thinking from a high level, just thinking about the step down, I guess, in this year’s guidance from perhaps I guess six-months ago, back in May, we have seen kind of two sequential steps down. So can you just kind of frame how much of that step down has come from it is expected lost cost, the claims inflation side versus perhaps just a lower demand for your products and services, I guess, over in Europe, and then a little bit domestically. So if you were just going to bucket into those two categories, the step down and guidance over the year, how would you do that?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think, you know, when we sat here at the end of the second quarter, we certainly saw pressure in the Housing business. No question that was the driver of the step down last quarter, offset by really, really strong first half. When we think about Lifestyle, you know, record year in 2021 and then an incredibly robust first half, we projected that trend line would continue and that favorability would continue. I would say, you know, the adjustment that we are talking about now is entirely sort of backing out that favorability for the full-year from Lifestyle. So Lifestyle, like I said, it is going to come in very much in line with our original expectations from Investor Day, from the beginning of the year and the real impact is FX. If I think about Lifestyle overall, I would say domestic Connected Living will finish the year very much in line with what we had expected. So a really strong year, really robust growth. Global auto will be ahead of what we originally expected, mainly driven by investment income, which we have talked about being a nice tailwind for the auto business. That favorability in auto, I would say offset by softness in underlying international business results, mainly in Europe, a little bit of pressure in Japan, and then we have got FX layered on top of that. But again, ignoring FX, pretty much in line and I would say auto outperforming and offsetting softness internationally. And then Housing is very much in line with expectations. If we think about what we expected in the third quarter, you know, Housing came in very much in line. We have made tremendous progress to transform Housing. We have reacted with urgency. I’m really proud of the way the team has come together. We have simplified the focus. You saw the exit of sharing economy. We have signaled the exit of international Housing related cat business. We are implementing a new org design to delineate between our Housing risk and capital light to increase our focus, drive even more efficiency. And then just a tremendous amount of work on offsetting inflation not just with expense discipline and prudence, but the work with AIVs that, you know, has started to take hold a little bit this quarter. A lot of progress on rate 31 approved rates with states that are implemented in 2022, several more for early 2023. So just a lot of progress there and I would say Housing pretty much in line as we think about what we said last quarter.
Tommy McJoynt: Thanks. And to follow up on that, what gives you guys confidence that some of the weaker pressures over in Europe and Japan might not spill over into the North American side?
Keith Demmings: Yes, we have, you know, we certainly expect the pressure in Europe and in Japan to continue. I would say, you know, obviously they are both profitable markets for us. Japan has been an incredible success story. And I think even though there is some softness in the economy, we are very well positioned in the market and there is tremendous long-term opportunity for growth and our team is doing an incredible job. So I feel really good long-term about our position there. Europe’s even more challenged, obviously with the economy and with FX in that marketplace so that we are seeing some softness. I think that persists and continues. We are taking actions to make sure we are simplifying our focus, rationalizing our expense base, but nothing that we are going to do is going to destroy long-term value, disrupt what we do with clients or customers. And then in North America, we have actually seen really robust results. You know, our subscriber counts on mobile in North America postpaid are up sequentially. They are up year-over-year, obviously with the T-mobile acquisition of Sprint. But good momentum, our clients are growing. If you think about our device protection clients in the US on the postpaid side, they are gaining a lot of net adds. I think 70% of the net adds are coming through our client - the client partnerships that we have. So that bodes well for device protection and then trade-in continues to be strong as there is a lot of competition in the broader market, particularly domestically.
Tommy McJoynt: Got it. Thanks. And then just last one for me. In Housing, you recorded the prior period development of $24 million, but the full-year guidance for Housing didn’t change. So was that prior period development already anticipated in the guidance?
Keith Demmings: So I think, we certainly expected higher claims cost in the quarter and that came through in prior period development versus current accident quarter development and maybe Richard can share some highlights on that. But I would say that, the offset to the prior period development was the significance that we saw both in terms of rate. From AIVs a little bit, but mainly from all the rate adjustments that we have made over the course of last year and then policy growth. We have got 26,000 incremental LPI policies that came through in the quarter as well, which we can talk about. But maybe Richard talk a little bit about the prior period?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, exactly. I think you nailed it. In terms of the prior period development, obviously, when we closed Q2, we put some prior period development in and the best number in our best estimate. On the other hand, when we were looking at our outlook. We said inflation is high, let’s just assume inflation is going to stay at a very high level. So we kind of I would say hedged our bets in terms of where the total loss ratio could go at the end of this year, call it, not really prior period development, but just all-in lost cost. So that came through and we are a decent place there and that was able to absorb some of the prior period development. Of the prior period development, I would say 14 was this year, so it is truly just a movement within the calendar year, and 10 for the prior years. And then as Keith said, our premiums were a little bit better. We are seeing AIVs. We are seeing some new business come on. And so that helped to offset any other variance with the prior year development that came in.
Tommy McJoynt: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Yes thank you good morning. The delay on the trading activity, I got some questions on that. What was the logistical cause of the delay?
Keith Demmings: Yes. At a high level, relatively simple, so a client - we expected a client to send additional devices to us towards the end of the third quarter and that was delayed for a variety of reasons still to be received in Q4. So it is really just a shift between three and four and it wasn’t so much the lack of volume from a margin perspective. It was the fact that we had staffed labor accordingly to be able to process and receive those devices. So there is a bit of a mismatch between the labor that we had in place in anticipation of the volume, and then the volume being delayed for some logistical reasons in terms of appliance getting us those devices. So something that we expect to ride the ship in the fourth quarter.
Mark Hughes: On the reinsurance, I think you had mentioned that, you were looking at taking up your attention. Could you refresh me the timing of your renewals, I think it renews it a couple of different times through the year. How you anticipate what your early thoughts say about the cost of that program for 2023 versus 2022? And then I guess I would ask from the timing. So just timing, cost retention, if you could address those?
Keith Demmings: Sure. And maybe Richard, you can start in terms of the timing, and then I can add some color at the end.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Great. Thank you, and, good morning, Mark. So when we think about our reinsurance program full-year, this year will probably be about a 190 million in total cost in it. And how do we looking at the reinsurance program? Really, we need to look at it in terms of total Housing prices. Starting with the total Housing prices and Housing prices have gone up. Inflation has been boosting them, other factors have been boosting them. So if you think about the insurance that we put on the properties, we are putting more insurance on. And then that obviously results in us needing to purchase more insurance. So really by a kind of just a function of the overall book of business growing, we will be placing more reinsurance on the premium will grow. If you think about it having a bigger book of business and more premiums means we do have more exposure at the lower levels and a higher probability that those lower levels will be touched. So as we look at it, it's more of a proportional position that we would take and say, "Okay, well, what's the right new level for our retention?" That's why we wanted to signal that, that lower layer will probably go up. It's just kind of a logical conclusion in terms of what's been happening in the market. I would say, as we said a number of times, we are getting rate increases. We are getting increases in average insured values. So we are getting premium increases, the rise in the reinsurance costs, and we are expecting some increase in reinsurance costs given the state of the reinsurance market. That would be an offset to some of the premium increases that we are getting. So I would say sort of logical in that sense. In terms of timing, we typically purchase about 2/3 of our reinsurance at the beginning of the year and then the rest of it at mid-year. We always look at that, that proportion could change as we get into the market and see the dynamics of it.
Keith Demmings: Yes. And maybe just one other comment. I think at the highest level, we certainly expect the reinsurance cost increase to be more than offset by additional rate. Both from the rate increases, but also from inflation guard the average insured value increases. So even with a harder reinsurance market, we have got really strong relationships across a wide range of reinsurers. We partner with over 40 different reinsurers, a strong performing business long term. We continue to simplify the portfolio, which I think helps us as we move forward. And then definitely rising costs, but we anticipate that our rate will be more than sufficient to offset that.
Mark Hughes: So it sounds like what you are seeing on rate in your judgment at this point will more than offset both the underlying inflation and the higher reinsurance costs. Is that right?
Richard Dziadzio: That is correct, yes. And if I think about Housing, even if we just look at the third quarter revenues are up 3% year-over-year. If you back out the reinstatement premium from the premium line, we would be up 8% year-over-year. So we had 35 million in reinstatement premium this year and eight million in Q3 last year. So that is pretty meaningful up 8%. I would say that is half from rate, very little of that is from this year’s AIV. So we put the AIV increase in July, we talked about double digit rate as a result of AIV. That is had three-months to have an effect, right. So it is really a 24-month cycle. We renew policies over 12-months and they take 12-months to earn. We are three months into that 24-month cycle. So very little of the improvement is from AIV. Most of it is from all of the rate action we have taken at the individual state level, and then from the policy growth that we saw in the third quarter. So that will just continue to build and accelerate as the full effect of AIV rate comes through the program.
Mark Hughes: Your SG&A in lifestyle was up a point sequentially, that number has been a little bit volatile, but any change in the economics of the agreements that you have got with the auto dealers or your carrier partners? I know you just renewed with T-Mobile. Is there maybe a little more sharing you are having to do with those partners these days?
Keith Demmings: No. So in terms of T-Mobile, you are correct. We did do a multi-year contract extension on top of the multi-year extension that we got a year ago. The deal structure has changed as we pivoted from the in-store repair to leveraging our 500 CPR stores. But in terms of the broad economics, I would say quite simply, we protected the financial integrity of the original deal that we had. So we have restructured the way it operates, but no impact to our EBITDA expectations for that business. And then we further extended the agreement to protect that relationship over time which is really significant in terms of giving us long-term visibility into the U.S. mobile market. So nothing there that would create any economic change to us. In terms of the balance of clients, I would say, you know, tremendous momentum still commercially with our clients. Lots of focus on driving growth, driving innovation, but no fundamental changes in deal structures and services provided. So if we think about the softness in the third quarter in Lifestyle, you know, other than pointing to the broader economy and some of the impacts that I discussed earlier, nothing related to client deal related changes. And then Richard, anything on expense?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, thanks Keith. Yes, exactly, exactly. And no changes to client contracts, but I would say the increase in the overall SG&A is reflecting, you know, some increases in the business growth in the business, you know, particularly in the auto business, obviously there is distribution costs with regard to that. And we have been growing the business over the last year. So there is some commissions in there. Also in our prepared remarks, you heard us talk about some additional investments in our home solutions and, you know, yes, a chunk of that obviously is expensed in the quarter. So those would be the two main drivers Mark.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Gary Ransom from Dowling and Partners. Your line is open.
Gary Ransom: Good morning. I was wondering if you could add a little color on the exit from international Housing. I mean, what, how long will that take and what, you know, size the magnitude of what is being reduced and not, it is not clear to me whether that includes the Caribbean exposure as well, but could you talk about that a little bit?
Keith Demmings: Sure. And it does include the Caribbean exposure and really anything that we write internationally that is cat exposed homeowners related business, we have made the decision strategically to exit. I would say we will be done writing policies. Most of it will be done this year. There is a little bit that will finish at the end of the first quarter, but we won’t be writing new policies as of Q2 2023. And then depending on how some of the final discussions unwind, you know, maximum, we would have a 12-month runoff on those policies, in some cases shorter. So that is to be finalized and determined. But in terms of the scale of it, I would think about, you know, maybe $50 million in net earned premium in a year as being kind of typical probably takes 10% of our tower. So if you think about the tower that Richard talked about, our reinsurance tower, 10% of that goes to protect the international exposures. And strategically it is been a challenging market hard to get rate. There has been rising costs as we know of claims. We expect rising costs of reinsurance adds a lot of complexity to not only manage the business, but negotiate the reinsurance that backs it. And ultimately with modeled ALLs, fairly limited effect to all-in EBITDA, certainly EBITDA ex-cat, but all-in EBITDA with cat, not hitting our target levels of return risk adjusted. So we are making the decision to further simplify and focus in places, where we think we have clear competitive advantages and where we are differentiated. We are not just a risk taker, we are providing deeply integrated, more differentiated services. That wasn’t the case with this business and we weren’t able to get the returns we wanted.
Gary Ransom: Is some of this business coming through the LPI business as well?
Keith Demmings: No.
Gary Ransom: No, okay. It is all just separate homeowners business basically.
Keith Demmings: Yes, separate homeowners, some of it were a reinsurer, some of it were direct writer. But none of it connects to what we do in LPI. An LPI is really unique. It is an incredibly advantaged business in terms of how we operate, how we are integrated and we create much more value than just being a risk taker. And we are able to get rate and we are able to drive the right level of profitability over time in that business. So it is quite a different business to manage versus what we have been working within the international property side.
Gary Ransom: Great. Thank you very much. And I also wanted to ask about two acquisitions. I know you had the EPG acquisition, maybe it is a couple of years ago now. But do those all fit together? I mean, is there some consolidation potential. And just I wonder is that a market size that will be additive to the growth you are thinking about over the long run?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I think that is exactly right. If we think about the EPG acquisition and then the acquisition that we are talking about now, it is really to build on the strength that we have got in that market around commercial equipment, leased and finance equipment. We have had good results and strong growth. And we operate this business both in our Housing side and Lifestyle side. So we are going to evaluate how to drive more synergies through the organization, as we move forward. But absolutely, it is capital light fee income. We are talking about small tuck-in acquisitions of existing clients that are high performing. We are already underwriting the business and it is really just buying the administrative capability and the scale to drive that forward. So we definitely see growth in this line of business, and we think it can accelerate as we make some - what are really quite small acquisitions, but can add a lot of value to our franchise.
Gary Ransom: Yes. You said that, some of it is in Housing and some of it is in Lifestyle. I guess I sort of thought of it as, sort of similar to the auto business. But maybe I was wrong on that.
Keith Demmings: Very much. I think we write two different product lines when we think about heavy equipment and commercial equipment, some of it is service contracts, some of it is physical damage. Operates very consistently, really predictable strong profitability and that has been the legacy of how we have been set up as an organization. So one of the things that we are focused on now is, as I talked about some of the Housing realignment between risk-based homeowner’s business and fee income capital light is just thinking about how do we create maximum efficiency and effectiveness organizationally, how do we create clarity in terms of where we want to focus to drive growth? What is the mindset that we need leading various different products? And then make sure that, we have got the least amount of friction in how we are organized as possible. So more changes to come as we think about our go-to-market strategy longer-term.
Gary Ransom: Okay. Thank you very much. And actually just one more maybe a bigger picture question, when you are thinking about all these macro impacts inflation for exchange and then putting that in the context of how you were thinking about 2023 and 2024 before. I’m not even really asking whether you think about hitting the 2024 or not, but just how your thinking might have changed? And what - we have had these couple of disappointments in the second and third quarter. What did that do for your thinking about the outlook as we go into 2024 and maybe even longer?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I think it probably - we step back and reflect on just how uncertain and complicated the environment is. That is true for Assurant and it is true for most companies today. So there is a lot of market volatility, market uncertainty. Interest rates are moving quickly. The economy obviously is going to shift over the course of the coming quarters, and we will see how that lands. So there is just a recognition of the complexity. And then like I talked about earlier, we knew Housing was going to be weaker this year. We thought the outperformance in Lifestyle would make up that gap as we thought about 2024. We certainly expect to continue to see the Housing growth. It is no doubt going to grow as we think forward over the next couple of years. But the question mark is around can Lifestyle outperform at the level that we would have needed to in order to offset that Housing softness? And Housing is probably more of a delay than a pivot in terms of what our expectations are. It is really just that we are a year behind where we thought we would be. But we are seeing evidence of significant improvement. And I think right now, given the uncertainty is particularly in the international markets, just taking a step back, like I said, finish the fourth quarter, deliver on a really strong plan in terms of what we expect to accomplish in 2023 relative to expenses as well as driving the right outcomes with our clients. And then stepping back and revisiting what is possible as we think about the longer term and then providing some color on a more informed basis in February.
Gary Ransom: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Keith Demmings: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Barnidge from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
John Barnidge: Good morning and thank you very much. You have had expanded partnerships in the lifestyle business announced this year. I had a couple of questions on that. In light of inflationary pressures, one, can you talk about how you manage that inflationary volatility? And then can you contrast that with - could that pressure actually lead to more partners looking to outsource more of their service management and refurbishment of mobile devices?
Keith Demmings: Yes, it is interesting. If I start with the second point first, just on outsourcing and this ebbs and flows over time, but I think as we think about a more challenging economy going forward, if we think about a recessionary environment, oftentimes, we will see clients focusing on core. And the same for us, how do we focus on the things where we can generate the greatest amount of return? How do we prioritize what is critically important to the company? I think clients do the same thing. So as clients reprioritize their focus, there may be opportunities for them to say, "Hey, is there someone else in the market that is better equipped to help me with something because it is just not the burning priority at the moment. So we will see how that evolves. That sort of happens over time, but it is certainly reasonable to expect as we continue to build scale and as we have better and better capabilities that are efficiently operated, we can provide a great source of value to our partners over time. So I think hopefully, that trend continues. In terms of the volatility in Lifestyle, from a macro environment, I think if you step back and look at the totality of the year, we have signaled some puts and takes around kind of the inflationary environment. You know, in lifestyle we see, you know, it is strong investment income, certainly flowing through the auto business, which is the biggest source of our portfolio. So that is a positive. We have seen mobile losses that I talked about earlier, performing quite well, not because of inflation, but because frequency of claims is reduced a little bit. And then how we are doing with controlling severity through walk and repair, et cetera. And then we have had favorability and GAAP losses on the auto side, which we have talked about. And then two-thirds of the time we are not on the risk and we are sharing that risk back with our partners. So that leaves us with a third of the deals where we are more, let’s call it, more exposed to those pressures. And we are seeing losses on the risk side escalating. It is not a huge part of the portfolio. It is not a big part of our narrative this quarter, but certainly on the ESC side, cost of parts and labor, a little bit on the auto side as well. And then there is labor inflation and we try to offset labor inflation with, you know, with digital initiatives and investments in optimizing our operational transformation efforts. So those would be the big highlights on balance, you know, not a huge driver for the year, but certainly FX and softness internationally, which is, you know, we are feeling more of that is a pressure we expect as we go forward. And do, I do think continued elevation of claims. And then our job will be to, you know, make sure that we have got the right pricing in place with clients that we are restructuring deals and we are trying to drive more stability over time.
John Barnidge: Thank you. That is helpful. And then following up on that, wanted to go back to, you know, the pre-announcement. You talked about simplifying the business portfolio. You talked about exiting commercial liability and international Housing catastrophe. Have you completed that simplification of the business portfolio or could there be additional niche lines you look to exit in the near to intermediate term?
Keith Demmings: Yes, great question. I would say, you know, we have, I think we have had a very successful track record of managing the portfolio, and you have seen us do that consistently over many years. You know, there is certainly more things that we will evaluate in terms of smaller product lines and making sure that we are investing in places where we have clear competitive advantages. I think about, you know, we need a strong right to win and the size of the prize needs to be meaningful. And there are probably other pockets where we could, where we could continue to refine the portfolio over time. And I think that will continue permanently. That is always going to be a part of our DNA, is to look to optimize and create more focus on things that can more significantly move the needle and try to limit the distraction for the company. Focusing energy on products that are smaller, don’t contribute significantly to the profitability of the company. If that effort can be better placed elsewhere to drive more meaningful growth, those are the choices and trade-offs that our management team is making on a regular basis.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. And my last question, you talked about $12 million in buybacks in October. Does that seem like a reasonable run rate for the fourth quarter given the M&A transactions?
Keith Demmings: Yes, maybe I will offer a couple thoughts and then certainly Richard can jump in. I think when we step back and think about capital management at the highest level, we have talked about, you know, our focus on continuing to be very disciplined in terms of how we think about our capital. We have indicated an interest in being balanced between share buybacks and M&A. If you think about where we sit year to date, we have done $567 million in share repurchases and then $80 million we have signaled in M&A. So repurchases has been a big part of the story this year nearly 90% of the capital that we have deployed in that respect. So I think we feel good about meeting our commitment on the Preneed return. We feel good about meeting our commitment to in a normal year to $200 million to $300 million of share repurchases. But we also recognize the market is really challenging. There is a lot of interest rate volatility and we want to be more prudent in terms of capital management. And it is really just about maintaining flexibility, protecting our financial strength and then looking for the market to stabilize and for visibility to improve. And then as we look toward the future, we see our stock price is extremely attractive. So as we think about future M&A, we will have to have a very high hurdle rate in terms of the M&A relative to what a share buyback looks like today. But Richard, is there anything else you would add?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I guess, just to add on to what you said, I mean, in terms of share repurchases this year, we are already through October at little than $550 million in addition to that, $113 million in dividends. So that brings us to about say $670 million. So we had targets at the beginning of the year. We wanted to make sure we hit them for the year. And I would say we have hit them, which is why we signaled we would be at the lower end of that $200 million to $300 we had talked about earlier in terms of repurchases outside of the Preneed proceeds that we repurchased. And as Keith said, it is uncertain market conditions, and we want to make sure we continue to invest in ourselves and we continue to do the right things and remain disciplined with capital. So no change in our philosophy, our capital philosophy, the discipline we have, keeping the balance sheet very strong. As Keith said, we have always said, we always look at deployment of capital between share repurchases and M&A and in these markets with the share price where it is, the share price obviously from our perspective is extremely attractive today. So that creates a higher bar for M&A.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much for your answers.
Keith Demmings: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Schmitt from William Blair. Your line is open.
Jeff Schmitt: Good morning everyone. In Global Lifestyle, I understand the inflation impact being low on the claims side just because you don’t retain a ton of the risk. But what about for SG&A? How much of that is employee comp and what level of wage inflation are you seeing there kind of relative to last year?
Keith Demmings: I think we are generally doing a pretty good job of offsetting wage inflation automation and our digital efforts. So certainly paying our employees more is important in the war on talent, to make sure that we are staying competitive, but I think we are doing a really good job offsetting that with our efforts on driving automation through our operations.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay. And then in Global Housing, I’m just trying to understand the numbers. When I adjust for add back that reinstatement premium, brings that attritional loss ratio down to I think 38%. And then if you back out the unfavorable development, it brings it down quite a bit more, 33%, 34%. So I’m trying to understand, you are talking about the pressures that you are seeing there. I think you are pushing for double-digit rate increases. I guess where is that pressure being felt or I guess why is that sort of loss pick as low as it is?
Keith Demmings: Yes. Maybe, Richard, just talk - I think we don’t we don’t see it at that level. But maybe Richard just talk about our view on kind of the normalized loss ratio in the quarter.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. And I would start, it is a great question, Jeff. I think - I would first start by - when we go in for rate increases, we are looking at it kind of bottom line. So you have to take in - you are looking at the non-cat loss ratio. I think you have to look at all-in. If you look at our combined ratio for the quarter with Hurricane Ian, it is over 100%, obviously. So that will be taken into account when we go and go for rate increases. And essentially, what we end up doing with our non-cat loss ratio, there are a couple of different moving parts. If you think about it from a net earned premium part, we have cats that the reinstatement premium, we have to add that back, but also from the incurred claims, we have to take out the prior year development. When we add back the cats and we get to kind of like from a 68% that you see in the supplement to about 45%, and then we take out the $24 million of prior period development, we get to about 40%. You are a little bit lighter. So there is maybe a numerator/denominator thing. But I think your point is a good one. You would say 40%, that looks low. But it is really the all-in cost, including cat, including the expenses, the tracking, et cetera, that are taken into account when we go for rates. So it is a bigger number on an all-in basis.
Jeff Schmitt: Alright, got t. okay, thank you.
Keith Demmings: Thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Grace Carter from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Grace Carter: Hello everyone. So I was wondering in the Lifestyle book, just given how much of that risk that you don’t retain, it seems like inflationary pressures have been a bit more persistent than maybe a lot of people originally hoped. I know that you had mentioned in the past that you hadn’t really been seeing too much pushback from your clients regarding your profit sharing and reinsurance arrangements. I was just wondering if given the persistency of inflationary pressures and that actually started to show a little bit in the results in the quarter, if those conversations had evolved any in the past few months?
Keith Demmings: No, I would say the clients that are currently in profit share and reinsurance structures, that is the preferred approach for those clients. Those programs are typically quite large, very sophisticated. The clients understand the program economics and there is a tremendous amount of transparency in those deals, and there is sufficient profitability in those structures that can absorb the inflationary pressure. So from a client perspective, no interest in moving away from those structures. And then clients where we are more on the risk, over time, we will certainly see discussions evolve and emerge as clients become more sophisticated and interested in taking on more of the risk. That may evolve over time. But generally speaking, it has been pretty steady. And I wouldn’t say it is a huge source of discussion with our teams.
Grace Carter: Perfect, thank you. And I guess just kind of thinking of how the Lifestyle book has evolved over time, moving from sort of more of the protection in towards more fee-based services. I mean is the recent emphasis on growing fee-based services like trade-ins, upgrades, whatnot change the level of macro sensitivity today versus maybe what we have seen in downturns in the past or do you consider it to be pretty even?
Keith Demmings: I think it is pretty stable. I would say when you think about fee-based services, even what we do for clients that are reinsured, that doesn’t show up in fee income. So if you think about administrative fees and underwriting fees where we are not sitting on the risk, it still flows through outside of the fee income line, but it behaves a lot more like fee income. We get stated fees for providing insurance and related services. So that is still a significant driver of our overall economics, and that doesn’t show up in the fee income line. And then I think the thing we are excited about is the balance that we have today. We do a lot more work with partners across the value chain. So trade in related services are important to our clients and increasingly important and it gives us another way to add value for our customers. It is more defensible competitively, and then we can create other unique ways to drive value longer term because we are playing in a broader set of services across the ecosystem. So from that perspective, I think it is really favorable and it does create more balance, but the bulk of the economics on the parts where we don’t take the risk are also quite predictable. And that is evolved over time as well.
Grace Carter: Thank you.
Keith Demmings: Wonderful. Well, thanks everybody. Just a couple of closing comments from me. We believe we have performed well in what is a really challenging macroeconomic environment and remain differentiated in terms of our business model with compelling long term earnings growth potential and cash flow generation capability. We look forward to closing the year strong, and we will talk to everybody on our fourth quarter call-in February. In the meantime, as usual, please reach out to Suzanne or Sean with any follow up questions and thanks everybody. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2022 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer.  Yesterday after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the second quarter of 2022. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We will start today's call with remarks from Keith and Richard before moving into a Q&A session.  Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC reports.  During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement that can be found on our website.  We have revised all quarterly and annual results for full year 2020 through first quarter 2022 periods to reflect the change in the adjusted EBITDA calculation to exclude certain businesses that we now expect to exit fully, including our sharing economy and small commercial businesses and Global Housing as well as certain legacy long-duration insurance policies within Global Lifestyle. Results have been revised for the correction of any errors related to reinsurance of claims and benefits payable within the Global Lifestyle segment that occurred in late 2018 through first quarter 2022 as well as other immaterial corrections. The impact of these changes individually or in the aggregate, is not material to results for any prior period. A full reconciliation of certain reported and revised key measures of performance and metrics is provided in our second quarter financial supplement posted on assurant.com.  I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Suzanne, and good morning, everyone. As we outlined during our recent Investor Day in March, we aspire to be the leading global business services company supporting the advancement of the connected world. And so far in 2022, we've made solid progress delivering on that vision for the benefit of our clients and their customers, our employees and importantly, our shareholders.  We delivered adjusted EPS of $7.22, up 13% in the first half of last year, and adjusted EBITDA was $592 million, both excluding reportable catastrophe losses. We're very pleased that Global Lifestyle had such a strong first half of the year with momentum expected to continue, led by both mobile and auto. Our capital-light and fee income based businesses represented 82% of our adjusted EBITDA ex-cat so far this year and continue to add to the value of our franchise.  While results in Global Housing were below expectations, largely driven by broader inflationary pressures seen across our industry, we have a clear path and several key actions underway to address near-term macro challenges. Longer term, we continue to believe that our combined housing and lifestyle portfolio of businesses is positioned to deliver attractive earnings growth and strong cash flow generation relative to the broader market, while also providing a compelling countercyclical hedge in what remains a volatile economic landscape.  As we look at our Global Lifestyle segment, our business services-oriented offerings generated adjusted EBITDA growth of 12% year-over-year and 14% year-to-date. Our market-leading franchise helped us expand our partnership with several world-class brands in the lifestyle market. In the U.S., we recently signed a multiyear renewal with a large cable operator within our mobile business. This includes comprehensive device protection, trade-in and premium technical support. With the renewal, we'll be including new capabilities, demonstrating our ability to grow relationships with value-added services that ultimately lead to a better customer experience.  We've now renewed two major U.S. cable operators in our mobile business within the last year, while also broadening our product offerings to support their growing mobile subscriber bases. We're pleased with the continued growth momentum in Global Lifestyle, which we expect will continue into the second half of 2022. As a result, we believe the segment will deliver mid- to high teens growth in adjusted EBITDA, mainly from strong mobile results, including device protection and trade-in as well as from the continued strength of our auto business.  Turning to Global Housing. Similar to others in the industry, we were impacted by significant inflationary pressure, which resulted in higher claim severities and reinsurance costs in the quarter, most notably in lender-placed. These higher costs are expected to be mitigated through rate adjustments over time. In addition to regular rate filings in key states, our lender-placed product includes an inflation guard feature designed to address changes in material and labor costs. We recently implemented a double-digit rate increase on policy renewals. This rate increase will be applied to all renewals over the next 12 months. As a result, there is a timing lag that is magnifying the higher non-cat loss experience in the quarter and ultimately pressuring results through 2022. We believe this will normalize as incremental premiums earn over time. As we look at the housing portfolio, we're also taking other actions to improve profitability through ongoing expense efficiencies and driving even greater focus on the housing businesses where we see a path to market-leading positions that can deliver attractive financial returns.  Most recently, we decided to exit the sharing economy business. The strategic and financial objectives for this business did not develop as we originally anticipated, and we want to focus on opportunities that more closely align to our long-term vision and where we have market advantages with a clear right to win. Stepping back and looking at Assurant overall, we believe we have an attractive portfolio of market-leading businesses, which are poised for long-term success. Given the current macro environment, we believe we can deliver adjusted EBITDA growth of 3% to 6%. This takes into account higher expected losses in housing, but also stronger results and momentum within Global Lifestyle.  Adjusted earnings per share, excluding reportable cats, is now expected to grow 14% to 18% for the full year, reflecting this view of adjusted EBITDA. EPS growth will, of course, also be supported by share repurchases, including the return of $900 million in pre-need sale proceeds, which was completed in the second quarter. As we've shown historically through various market cycles, we believe we are well positioned to deliver our strategic objectives over the long term. We expect this period of macroeconomic challenges to be no different. Over time, we believe the strength and resiliency of our business model will endure, enabling us to execute on the 2023 and 2024 objectives we outlined at Investor Day.  Looking forward, we expect adjusted EBITDA acceleration starting next year. While the earnings path may not be linear, we remain confident that in the long term, our combined lifestyle and housing business portfolio will continue to deliver attractive growth, strong cash flow generation and superior shareholder returns relative to the broader market.  I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review the second quarter results and our revised 2022 outlook in greater detail.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding catastrophes, totaled $277 million, down 8% from the second quarter of 2021. As Keith mentioned, performance reflected the strong growth across global lifestyle and weaker results in Global Housing. For the quarter, we reported adjusted earnings per share excluding reportable catastrophes, of $3.25, flat from the prior year period. The 2021 baseline for lifestyle and housing adjusted EBITDA has been updated to remove noncore operations and reflect the accounting correction, Suzanne noted to our prior period results.  Now let's move to segment results, starting in Global Lifestyle. The segment reported adjusted EBITDA of $207 million in the second quarter, a year-over-year increase of 12% driven by growth across both Connected Living and Global Automotive. Connected Living earnings increased by $12 million or 11% year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by continued mobile expansion in North America device protection programs from cable operator and carrier clients, including subscriber growth and more favorable loss experience. This was partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange.  In Global Automotive, earnings increased $10 million or 15%, primarily from higher investment income, including higher real estate gains and yields, favorable loss experience and select ancillary products also contributed to the results. As we look at revenue, Lifestyle revenue was up by $48 million or 3%, driven by continued growth in Global Automotive. Global Automotive revenue increased 7%, reflecting strong prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. Despite the overall U.S. auto market showing signs of slowing, our net written premiums remained strong even against the record second quarter of 2021, as additional dealerships and strong attachment rates are offsetting the market headwinds.  Within Connected Living, revenue was down slightly due to lower revenue in mobile, mainly from premium declines from runoff programs and unfavorable foreign exchange. This was partially offset by growth in subscribers in North America and higher mobile fee income driven by global mobile devices serviced. In the second quarter, the number of global mobile devices service increased by $1.1 million or approximately 18% to $7.2 million. This was due to higher trading volumes, supported by new phone introductions and carrier promotions from the growing adoption of 5G devices. In terms of mobile subscribers, growth in North America was partially offset by declines in runoff mobile programs previously mentioned, which also impacted mobile devices protected sequentially.  For full year 2022, we now expect lifestyle adjusted EBITDA growth to be mid- to high teens compared to 2021 baseline of $702 million. Mobile is expected to be the key driver of adjusted EBITDA growth for global expansion in existing and new clients across device protection and trade-in and upgrade programs. This will be partially offset by unfavorable impacts, from foreign exchange and strategic investments to support new business opportunities and client implementations. Auto adjusted EBITDA is expected to grow for the full year. But earnings in the second half are expected to be lower than the first half, mainly due to the absence of $14 million of real estate gains. Growth for the year will be partially offset by higher investment income and more favorable loss experience in select ancillary products.  Moving to Global Housing. Adjusted EBITDA was $75 million, which included $20 million of reportable catastrophes for the second quarter. Excluding catastrophe losses, earnings decreased $40 million, primarily driven by $25 million in higher non-cat loss experience, largely in lender-placed and to a lesser extent, Multifamily Housing. This included $12 million in year-over-year reserve strengthening and higher fire losses in the quarter. The balance of the earnings reduction was driven mainly from $17 million in higher catastrophe reinsurance costs. The cost of our reinsurance program reflected both the higher exposures and increased pricing within the reinsurance market. And with the completion of our 2022 catastrophe reinsurance program in June, we believe we fared relatively well in the market given our strong relationships with our more than 40 reinsurance partners.  We maintained an $80 million per event retention including second and third events. We also continued to benefit from the placement of multiyear coverage covering 45% of our program and a cascading feature that provides multi-event protection. In Multifamily Housing, growth in our P&C channels was offset by increased non-cat losses and expenses from ongoing investments to expand our capabilities and further strengthen our client experience. Global Housing revenue was flat year-over-year as higher catastrophe reinsurance costs were offset by higher average insured values and lender placed.  For the full year, we now expect Global Housing adjusted EBITDA, excluding cats, to decline by low to mid-teens from the 2021 baseline of $512 million. In addition to the higher claims costs, REO volumes have continued to be muted and placement rate trends we are seeing are softer than originally expected. At the same time, we continue to realize expense efficiencies from new system enhancements and strength in digital capabilities. While the duration and magnitude of inflationary trends remain fluid, rate filings and inflation guards are expected to start to flow through premiums as we exit the year.  At corporate, adjusted EBITDA loss was $25 million, up $8 million compared to the unusually low second quarter of 2021. This was mainly driven by higher employee-related and technology expenses. For full year 2022, we expect the corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to be approximately $105 million.  Turning to holding company liquidity. We ended the second quarter with $595 million, $370 million above our current minimum target level. In the second quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $189 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, we also had outflows from three main items: $232 million of share repurchases; $75 million from the repayment of our 2023 notes; and $39 million in common stock dividends. For the full year, our outlook assumes $365 million of shares repurchased from the remaining premium sale proceeds plus an additional $200 million to $300 million.  Through July, we've bought back $504 million worth of our stock. Given changes in investment portfolio values, reserve strengthening for noncore operations and accounting adjustments, we expect segment dividend to be moderately below our target of roughly 3/4 of segment adjusted EBITDA, including catastrophes. While lower, we still expect capital generation to be strong given our business model and product mix. As always, segment dividends are subject to the growth of the businesses, rating agency and regulatory capital requirements and investment portfolio performance.  In conclusion, we believe Assurant is well-positioned for long-term growth and strong capital generation, underscored by the attractive portfolio of Global Lifestyle and Global Housing businesses.  And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: So I guess I want to talk on the inflationary pressures you're seeing on the lender-placed, but can we switch that over to the lifestyle side? And anything that you're seeing there on either Auto or Mobile, maybe you can talk about how much risk you retain on that side. It's clearly not 100%. But anything that you're seeing there that might cause pressure from inflationary pressures there? And if so, kind of your ability to combat that?
Keith Demmings: Terrific. Yes. So I think the Lifestyle business has obviously performed very well this year. We've raised the outlook for the full year. So we're confident in the momentum. I would say in terms of the resiliency, we've been dealing with a couple of things, certainly inflationary pressures, but also supply chain constraints as you think about the last couple of years of the pandemic, particularly around parts, both on the Connected Living and the Auto side.  So I think the nature of our deal structures is quite favorable. 2/3 of the time we're not holding the risk relative to the services we perform and the programs that we manage. So that's been very helpful. I'd say we've got a stronger orientation to fee income, even in deals where we retain risk, we're targeting fees. We've got typically allowable loss ratios, ability to reprice. You will see timing issues occur in terms of -- sometimes losses are a little higher, we may recover that over time with client deal structures.  But it hasn't been an issue that's emerged over the course of the last several quarters. We feel really good about it, certainly never fully insulated, but a very different operating model. And then if you think about inflation on the housing side, we've got rate filings, inflation guard and a number of factors that are being put in place to combat that. So lifestyle has been quite resilient from that perspective.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Okay. You mentioned, Keith, on the opening comments about -- on the lender-placed side, in inflation guard and then you also mentioned double-digit on renewals. Was that the same -- was that double digit? Was that the inflation guard? Or is that on top of the inflation gaurd?
Keith Demmings: So the -- so if you think about inflation guard, we put a double-digit rate increase in July. So that is going to flow through the book as it renews. We've also got regular course rate filings. We've been accelerating rate filings with states, obviously, as severities have been higher and losses have been higher. We've actually gotten 30 state rate filings approved this year, not all of which have been fully implemented, but they're all approved and will be implemented by the end of the next year -- or by the end of this year, sorry. And then we've got an additional set of discussions ongoing with states. So that additional rate layers on top of the double-digit increase that we talked about relative to inflation guard.
Michael Phillips: Is there any difference in here, can you maybe just talk about the difference that you have in those other rate filings by state that you're alluding to, different than a traditional, say, homeowners insurance company where the clients are individuals like me and you, your clients knowing your place are a little different. So does that give any differences in the ability, the speed at which or the ability to take higher rate and the speed that you can take them than maybe a traditional insurance company?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think probably a couple of things. First of all, these are short-tail policies, they're annual policies. So as we do get rate, it flows through over a 12-month period, number one. I think the fact that we've got inflation guard built into the product, we don't have to get approval. That's already approved, and we just apply an inflationary factor every year. That drives AIVs up and corresponding increases to rate. So that -- I would call that normal course.  Obviously, inflation is elevated. The industry data supports a higher inflation factor driving more AIV. In terms of the rate, I think as we work with states, we're really looking at the historical experience to justify the increases that we're getting. And I'd say that, that happens like very consistently with what other insurers would be doing. But we've been more aggressive as others have, just in terms of the heightened severities that we're seeing in the marketplace.  So good opportunity to get rate. We're looking to make fair returns on the business. I would say it doesn't have a huge impact on volume. So we've got exceptional relationships with our clients. Obviously, this is a lender-placed policy, and we expect to see consistent policy counts as we move forward even in this higher inflationary environment with more rate flowing through.
Michael Phillips: Congrats, and best of luck in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Schmitt from William Blair.
Jeffrey Schmitt: What is your view on where the placement rate in the lender-placed business could go next year if we move into a recession, whether we're in one now or not, let's say, sort of a deeper recession if interest rates continue to move up, could that move above 2% pretty quickly? Or where do you think that could go?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think it depends on a range of factors. I would say that as you see the placement rates are relatively stable and have been so for several quarters, and that's just the strength of the housing market, the fact that there's so much positive equity. And I also think about placement rate really tracking closely to delinquency and you've got a prevalence of servicers working on loan modifications, a lot of loss mitigation efforts that's really limiting delinquency, it's limiting foreclosure activity.  Obviously, if that starts to shift and that starts to change and delinquency rates rise at any level significantly, that would have a corresponding impact on our placement rate. Obviously, if there are more foreclosures that would drive up our REO volumes, which are really probably 1/3 of pre-pandemic level. So there's certainly upside over time in placement rate. The real question is, when does that emerge in the economy just because of the strength of the Housing market.  You've also got rising interest rate pressure, certainly, a hardening voluntary insurance market, higher inflationary pressure. So I think we need to see how the economy responds and how consumers respond to get a better feel. We're not counting on a big increase in placement rates as we think about our longer-term expectations. And obviously, if that does happen, that's where we talk about it being a countercyclical hedge from a housing perspective.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Right. Okay. That makes sense. And then the expense ratio in Global Housing continues to run above 46%. I think in the past, you've guided to sort of 44% to 46%. Is there some kind of inflation driving that higher? Or when do you think it could move below that 46% level?
Keith Demmings: Yes. And maybe, Richard, do you want to talk about expenses?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Yes, it's a great question. It is up a little bit over the last quarter to 46%. So I think you're right. It's a little bit higher than we'd like to see it. We are -- we've talked about in previous calls. We are investing digitalization in projects like that, create more efficiencies, as Keith said in his opening remarks. So we would see that, I would say, over time as these projects and these efforts come through. Also, the first question on placement rates as the volumes of the business grow, obviously, the things that we have in place in our operations are very leverageable. So that would also bring down the expense ratio over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tommy McJoynt from KBW.
Tommy McJoynt: So what are the expectations for the noncore operations loss contribution going forward? Is that meant to be more of a breakeven? I know it's excluded from the guidance. And what's the general time horizon for that wind down?
Keith Demmings: Sure. Maybe I can start, and then Richard can add on. So we made the decision this quarter, as we talked about, to exit all of our long-tail liability business and driven by the decision around sharing economy. So as we talked about, just wasn't strategically aligned with the direction that we're headed as a company. And it was highly specialized niche business with inherent risk and volatility. We didn't see a path to leadership. We didn't think we could generate the financial returns. But it wasn't strategically aligned with the direction of the company.  So as part of that, all of the clients have already been notified. All of the contracts will be non-renewed. I would say, by first quarter of '23, the net earned premium will be immaterial. And by this time next year, it will be gone completely, really just at that point, managing the runoff. As you saw, we put up a reserve. So as we exited did a very comprehensive top-to-bottom review of the performance of the business, I did a lot of scenario analysis to try to think about how this could emerge over time, put up a full reserve to adequately cover the runoff, which we think is appropriate and look to put this behind us.
Tommy McJoynt: Okay. And I guess, as you kind of explored what to do with those businesses, there was no way to sort of monetize what you've built there. And I guess, just you have typically been kind of sellers and ways to monetize things, there just wouldn't be any kind of takers for those businesses?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think potentially, we could have looked at that as a path. We didn't see it viable. And really, it could have become a distraction to focusing on driving growth through the rest of the organization. We will certainly consider alternatives now that we've put it in runoff to see if there's a way to structure something around sharing the risk with a third party. That's certainly possible, and we'll look to consider that. But the value for monetization, I would say, was lower than the distraction factor of trying to work through that process quite candidly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist Securities.
Mark Hughes: The multifamily business is kind of flat in terms of top line this quarter. What's happening there?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So a couple of things. First of all, I would say we feel like we're really well-positioned in the retros business. We've got 2.6 million customers. So it's giving us a great opportunity in terms of market leadership, scale. We've been investing in the customer experience, deepening our expertise. So we do expect long-term growth. It's a very attractive part of the market.  I would say in terms of the results being flat, we do have strength in growth within the property management company channel. So that continues to grow exceptionally well. We're gaining share. We're driving attach rates, and we're having a lot of success with our Cover360 product, really just more integrated into the byflow. We've talked about better digital tools, collecting the insurance as part of the rent and just leveraging our full capability. So that's going extremely well.  We have an affinity portion of our business, which the growth has slowed where we partner with insurance companies. I think as insurance companies have been focusing on getting rate and dealing with inflationary pressures, a little less marketing generally with some of our partners. So I think that normalizes over time as the economy finds more stability in the future. But we are seeing growth, and we do think long-term growth will emerge as we continue to focus on this part of our business.
Mark Hughes: And, Richard, the investment portfolio, what do you anticipate in terms of the progression in the yield? What's the new money yield? What kind of turnover is there in the portfolio? A little bit on that would be helpful.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, sure, Mark. Yes. First of all, I would say that rising interest rates overall are good for the business, and we've been seeing that in this quarter as well. We've had some real estate gains, as we mentioned in our remarks, but we also have fixed income and yields on fixed income raising. We have a 5-year duration. So think about 20% of the portfolio rolling over every year. So we won't have any quantum step in terms of long-term rates and long-term yields. But it will gradually increase over time, which is a good thing. I think you probably saw the yield for this quarter over 3.5%, which is quite good.  What's interesting too about it is if we look at our book of business, if we go back a year from now, the assets that were coming to maturity or the fixed income coming to maturity, we're rolling over at lower levels than they were maturing at. Now they're rolling over for the most part at higher levels. So that bodes well for the future. And short-term rates, yes, we have some of our money and cash, obviously. And we're getting an immediate impact on that. Obviously, smaller dollars given a smaller level of cash that we have relative to the fixed income portfolio.
Mark Hughes: Then, Keith, you had -- I think you said you expect adjusted EBITDA to accelerate next year. Could I hear that properly? And any other metrics you want to throw out for next year, maybe EPS growth?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think as we look at the year at 3% to 6% in terms of our EBITDA growth. We certainly expect that to be increasing as we move into 2023. And I'd say, largely, we do expect the lender-placed business and Housing overall to continue to improve as we get more rate. And then we do have great momentum in Lifestyle. So we haven't set the specific target for 2023 and 2024. What we have said is on average, we want to deliver north of 10% EBITDA growth. We're still committed to our long-term objectives from Investor Day, which I think is really important. And we're going to do everything we can to deliver those results and be accountable to delivering our financial commitments.
Mark Hughes: And then just one final one. The timing of the rate increase is going to get the inflation guard for the lender-placed, does that only kick in if there is a renewal cycle around that? Or why wouldn't that kick in immediately?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So the policies are annual, and they renew it each year. So if you think about, let's take July, for example, we put in place double-digit rate increases for the cohort of annual policies that renewed in July. So think about that rate going in 1\12 at a time over 12 months and then think about it earning 1/12 at a time after it's in place. So the whole cycle takes 24 months, but it builds momentum month by month by month.  And then we've also got, as I said, state-related rate increases that go in at different periods in the year. That's also contributing. And I mentioned 30 approved rates really affecting about 75% of our premium overall and then a number of additional filings that are ongoing. So we do feel like we've got a great opportunity with rate, it's a terrific mechanism and designed to deal with inflationary pressures. And we expect it to work, and we expect to get the housing business where it needs to be from a total return perspective.  The one thing that's interesting, if you think about Housing, and it's a tough quarter, right? We're not pleased with the results in the quarter. The first half housing combined ratio is 86%. The first half annualized ROE, it's 20.6%. That will normalize as we get through the rest of the year. But we still think it will be quite strong overall, given we're underperforming our own expectations.  So I do want to highlight that as the backdrop. It is a strong business. It generates tremendous cash flow. We've got great market-leading advantages, and the financial performance is still strong. It's just not where we want it to be to deliver on our total commitments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: You talked about a -- signing a multiyear renewal with a cable operator. Last quarter, you also talked about an expanded relationship. Can you talk about maybe what the renewal calendar looks like? And how do you think about potential hit rates for expanded relationships as you come up on renewal?
Keith Demmings: Yes. We've had a pretty good track record of maintaining our clients, and this is true across the board. We actually renewed two of our larger lender-placed clients on the housing side this quarter. I didn't mention in the prepared remarks, but our team did a fantastic job on those client renewals. And I'd say that we've got a track record of renewing clients. Average tenure of clients is extremely long. So we're proud of that, and it's all based on delivering and executing for the clients, but ultimately for end consumers.  In terms of the cable space, I think we've become a market leader with cable operators who are -- who have entered the mobile space, they're growing rapidly. They're evolving their products and services meaningfully every year, and we're really proud of the work that our teams have done there. And I think that's built a lot of momentum.  So we're strong with carriers. We're strong with new market entrants. And we've been a company that's been quite nimble in how we've approached the market. Hopefully, that also sets us up to grow new relationships with new clients as we move forward. And we think we're extremely well-positioned in Connected Living, And we've invested significantly over many, many years to get to this position, and we have great fantastic momentum.
John Barnidge: And then as it relates to expanded relationships similar to what you announced today and then in the first quarter, how do you think about the potential to leverage what you've done so far?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think -- when I look at the growth opportunity in Connected Living, I still think that we have more growth opportunity there than in any business that we operate. And it's growing the fastest and it's the largest contributor to financial results. So that's a pretty strong place to be. On your biggest, most successful business still has more white space, both in terms of the core of what we do, but also in terms of expanding our scope of services and then winning new clients. We've talked about trade-in and the fact that we do trade-in services with multiple brands now around the world. That creates opportunity for us to build deeper partnerships where we can add additional value over time. As we think about the evolution, we've talked a lot about leveraging our network for in-store repair. Those are additional capabilities. We operate 500 CPR stores. That is something that we want to continue to leverage to create value for our partners.  As I think about the work that we've done with T-Mobile, that's another great example in terms of service and repair. It wasn't designed to be a significant financial contributor overall. It was designed around how do we give consumers choice and better options to get their repairs done at their convenience. As I think about that part of the business, volumes have been a little lower than expected, but customer feedback and Net Promoter Scores have been exceptional, and I would say higher than we would have otherwise anticipated. We actively work to optimize that program to modify the program and expect over time, changes to be financially beneficial for both parties. So a lot of interesting momentum in this part of the business.
John Barnidge: Great. And then if I could ask one more question. On the expense initiatives that you talked about, which should help to offset inflation. Is there a way to size or dimension how we should be thinking about these scale economies?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So probably a couple of thoughts, and then Richard can certainly add in. We have seen progress in a lot of the great efforts by our team, particularly in housing on digital first, so really transforming our operations and driving more efficiency and better experience. That's building quarter over quarter over quarter. So we do see momentum in the second half and further acceleration as we get into 2023, even at the current level of placement rates in the current scale.  We're also looking to continue to simplify the business. optimize support structures, how do we focus our energy where we can move the needle the most. So that work is ongoing as well. And then to Richard's earlier point, if we do get an increase in volume through placement rate over time, we have natural economies of scale that will benefit the P&L over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple here. First, Keith, could you remind us what the potential impact here? Is it from a consumer-led recession on mobile subs as well as just growth as well as like average revenue per subscriber. Will you see that decline if you've got a kind of consumer-led recession?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think from a mobile perspective, I would say that, first of all, there still seems to be very strong demand for high-end smartphones in key markets, even as we see pressure in the economy. The high-end smartphone market is up year-over-year, and it's up in our core markets. So that's a really good thing. We see clients continuing to push for growth today to take advantage of their investments in 5G and the relevance of the mobile device today, it's increasingly important for consumers. So that's helpful backdrop.  I would say that the majority of our total economics in mobile are driven by our device protection subscribers. We've got 63.5 million global subs. Whether a customer buys a new device or retains their old device, it doesn't move that number a significant amount. Obviously, if our clients are growing or shrinking in terms of net adds, that can have an impact over time, but fairly moderated and based on the nature of the subscription service. Where I would see more pressure would be potentially less trade-in activity, if there were less mobile phone sales, which we certainly haven't seen. Mobile phone sales are strong, trade-ins are very strong, but that would be the leading indicator if trade-in starts to slow down.  That's not a big driver of total economics. The counterpoint would be used devices will become more valuable, more attractive, and there may be other ways for us to monetize it. So I think mobile is relatively protected from any kind of short-term shocks from a recessionary environment.
Brian Meredith: But I'm just curious also if -- because I know you've all talked about selling additional services per sub, right? And that's been a big -- does that slow down? Or is somebody did not take that optional AppleCare or whatever it is product?
Keith Demmings: No, I don't think so. I think we've seen really steady attach, really steady churn. I think consumers are inclined to protect high-end devices generally. And certainly, if there are more strap for cash having protection in place is probably a good thing. But we haven't seen through economic cycles, really material changes in terms of the attach of the churn over time. So we don't expect that would be a big driver.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then I guess my next question, just curious, we've talked about the lender-placed, but on the multifamily business, what's the impact of inflation there? I would imagine you get some pressure there as well potentially.
Keith Demmings: Yes. Definitely, there is some incremental increases in the non-cat loss ratio. Certainly, a little bit of that is inflation. But I would say, broadly, it's more getting to in-line with pre-pandemic. So we saw more favorability in loss ratios as people were home more during the pandemic. I think we've seen that normalize. And obviously, we get rate adjustments on that product line, too, as needed and as justified. But I don't see a huge inflationary impact. It's more just lining up with historicals.
Brian Meredith: So it's more from a frequency perspective, that things are picking up rather than severity, okay.
Keith Demmings: Correct.
Brian Meredith: And then just quickly, last question, Richard, just curious the, call it, underlying loss ratio for Global Housing was 47%, but when you adjust out some of the current year development and prior year development. Kind of what's the baseline kind of run rate loss ratio in that non-benefit ratio?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. When we back out the reserving that we did, the strengthening of the reserves that we did, we're getting closer to the low 40s. I would say -- on the other hand, call it 43%. On the other hand, what I would say, as Keith articulated earlier, we do have inflation coming through. There will be a lag in terms of when the rates and inflation guards come through. So I wouldn't see that rate coming down so faster than that, faster than 43% or lower than 43% any time kind of in the next quarter. I think over time, we're going to see that improve and probably go closer to 40% as we go through the end of the year into next year, so forth. It's hard to predict because, obviously, it's hard to predict what inflation is going to do for the rest of the year. But essentially, as we're looking forward at our forecasting, that's what we're looking at.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Grace Carter from Bank of America.
Grace Carter: So I just had kind of a quick clarification question to start from one of the prior questions. I guess thinking about the original adjusted EBITDA growth targets for 2023 and 2024, I think average of 10%. And I mean just thinking about like the lower base, I guess, expected for 2022. I mean is -- should we just assume that the 2024 adjusted EBITDA levels will come out a little bit lower than maybe the original growth expectations implied? Or I guess, what is the likelihood that EBITDA growth over the next couple of years could accelerate sufficiently to get it kind of back in that original range?
Keith Demmings: Yes. It's a great question. And I would say that my commitment and the goal that we have in terms of financial performance is to deliver the original Investor Day outlook for 2024. So what that implies is we've got to accelerate growth beyond the original 10% in '22 -- or '23 and '24 to make up for the shortfall in 2022, which is exactly your point. So that's certainly how we're thinking about it, Grace.  Obviously, there's a lot of moving parts and there's a lot of unknowns as we think about the economy and inflation. The good news is, I think the miss, as we look at 2022, is entirely driven by housing loss ratio from inflation, in particular from severity. And because of the features within the product and the ability to get rate that naturally resolves itself over time without a degradation in volume. So provided that, that rolls through as we expect and hope that it will, provided inflation calms down.  So our current thinking is inflation stays elevated through the end of the year begins moderating and moderates consistently through '23 and then sort of normalizes into '24. If that happens, we do feel good about our 2024 long-term commitment. And part of it is the strength of Global Lifestyle and in particular, investment income in Auto has been strong. The business has been generating significant growth. And then Connected Living and Mobile, in particular, has been on quite a role in the last handful of years.
Grace Carter: And then, I guess, I just wanted to confirm that the -- kind of target combined ratio range that Doug mentioned before, I think 84% to 89% in the housing book still holds even with the exit of certain businesses? And I guess just kind of how should we think about the ability to stay within that range over the next few quarters as -- just given the pressure from inflation, versus still kind of waiting for the rate increases turn through?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I would say that we're going to finish the year at least if we think about our forecast today and what's implied in that forecast when you unpack Housing. It may be a little above our range on a combined ratio basis, probably at the low end in terms of ROE. So pretty strong financial performance still overall based on those metrics. But let's say, a little bit worse than the range. We definitely think that 84% to 89% range over time is the right target for this business. And the exit of sharing economy, I'd say it wasn't a huge business, not a big driver, and it doesn't significantly change the way we think about combined targets.  Well, thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate all the questions and the interest in the company. We had a solid first half of the year, led by the strength of the Global Lifestyle segment. We believe our business model remains well-positioned, as we've talked about, even in a challenging macro environment. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2022 Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2022 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer.  Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the first quarter 2022. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We will start today's call with remarks from Keith and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated value statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplements as well as the Investor Day presentation materials that can be found on our website.  I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Suzanne, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased with our performance for the first quarter, which demonstrates the resiliency and strength of our business during a period of macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. Within Global Lifestyle, stronger-than-expected performance in our capital-light Connected Living and Global Automotive businesses offset softer-than-expected results within Global Housing, mainly from our specialty offerings. The ongoing growth of our fee-based, capital-light offerings across Global Lifestyle and Global Housing accounted for nearly 80% of segment earnings in 2021. This differentiates Assurant as both a service-oriented partner to our clients and a compelling investment given our scaled customer base in markets with strong tailwinds. Our continued alignment with world-class partners and our ability to provide best-in-class products, services and customer experiences has positioned us well for expected profitable growth this year and over the long term.  As we outlined at Investor Day in March, we have a clear vision for the future, to be the leading global business services company supporting the advancement of the connected world. We aren't settling for the status quo. While we currently have scale leadership positions in attractive and growing markets, we have our sights set on being the leader in all of the businesses in which we operate.  With that said, we believe the financial objectives we outlined for Assurant over the next 3 years are attractive and will be supported by our focus on market-leading innovation, business simplification, operational optimization and the benefits of scale. We believe this will lead to continued strong cash flow generation, earnings growth and financial outperformance. In Global Lifestyle, we remain focused on supporting our more than 250 million customers through our broad set of products and services across insurance, operations, mobile trading and repair and comprehensive administrative services throughout Connected Living and Global Automotive.  For this segment, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA growth in the low double digits for 2022 with average annual growth of 10% in 2023 and 2024. We anticipate Connected Living will lead our growth for the Lifestyle segment, driven by our multidimensional strategy. Over the next 3 years, Connected Living should benefit from increased mobile and retail client expansion and increase in fee-based traded and repair as well as contributions from strategic M&A. We continue to be excited about opportunities to drive growth in our retail business as we think about longer-term opportunities to serve the connected home. As of May 1, we're pleased to announce that we have expanded our relationship with one of our largest U.S. retail partners. We moved beyond program underwriting and have expanded our services to provide for the end-to-end administration of the business, including call center support, claims management and oversight of service delivery. Not only does this allow us to deepen our relationship with a critical client, it allows us to continue to grow our retail business, while dramatically increasing our scale to support claims and customer service further improving our relevance with the third-party repair network that supports this business.  We now support a meaningfully larger number of appliance repairs, which we believe is strategically important to our ambitions to provide protection services to the evolving connected home. This partnership will also support additional investments in digital tools and technology platforms that are key to our long-term vision.  Global Automotive is expected to benefit from our increased scale and strong national dealer, third-party administrator and international OEM partnerships. We will continue to invest in technology, integrating our systems and processes following several years of successful acquisitions. Throughout Lifestyle, we'll also continue to invest to expand our market-leading positions. We anticipate incremental spending related to the development of new products, such as our connected home offerings and increased investments for new client implementations.  In Global Housing, the business is expected to grow mid- to high single digits in 2023 and 2024. For 2022, we now expect mid-single-digit growth, given the sharing economy performance in the first quarter. Growth in housing is expected to be led by our lender-placed business, an important provider of property protection in the U.S. housing market. This will be driven by efficiencies across our operating model that will position us to benefit from the modest increase to placement rates and REO volume recovery that we expect later this year. Together, these trends will create scale benefits with our large portfolio of over 30 million loans, which will drive lower expenses across the business. Multifamily Housing remains an attractive long-term growth story, although 2022 will be pressured as we continue to make investments in our customer experience and technology. These investments should ultimately support growth of our 2.6 million renters policies and further penetrate the approximately 20 million U.S. renters market.  Lastly, our specialty offerings are still expected to grow over the long term despite recent elevated losses in sharing economy from policies previously written under less favorable contract terms, including those from one-off clients. As we consider potential impacts from macro factors, like inflation or supply chain disruptions throughout Lifestyle and Housing, we've not experienced a material impact to Assurant overall. In our mobile business, where the availability of parts fluctuates, we're working proactively with large suppliers to keep higher levels of inventory on hand to ensure timely and cost-effective repairs for customers. We'll continue to monitor developments and any corresponding impact on our business as is necessary. Our ability to meet our business goals is supported by the successful execution of our ESG efforts. We recently published our 2022 sustainability report, highlighting our commitment to build a more sustainable future for all stakeholders through our ESG initiative. We are continuing to advance our efforts, specifically within our strategic focus areas of talent, products and climate. Our sustainability report showcases recent actions and recognitions, while also providing insight into the impact of Assurant's sustainability efforts utilizing key ESG reporting frameworks, such as SASB and TCFD.  In addition to setting long-term targets for Lifestyle and Housing at our Investor Day, we also provided 3 key enterprise financial objectives; adjusted EBITDA, adjusted earnings per share and cash generation. For this year, we continue to expect to grow adjusted earnings per share, excluding catastrophe losses, by 16% to 20% from the $12.12 we reported in 2021. This will be driven by 8% to 10% adjusted EBITDA growth from the $1.1 billion in 2021 as well as disciplined capital deployment through share repurchases, including using the remaining net proceeds from last year's sale of Global Preneed. For 2023 and 2024, we expect to grow average adjusted earnings per share by 12% or more with double-digit average adjusted EBITDA expansion, both excluding reportable catastrophes. Through the first quarter, we returned approximately 85% of the $900 million of Preneed proceeds, and we expect to return the balance by the end of the second quarter. At the end of March, holding company liquidity totaled $738 million after returning $280 million in share repurchases and common stock dividends.  Over the next 3 years, as the business continues to grow, we expect to generate approximately $2.9 billion of cash from our business segments, providing us with around $2.2 billion of deployable capital. We'll continue to be disciplined about capital deployment with the objective of maximizing long-term returns, taking a balanced approach between investments in growth and returning capital to shareholders. Our goal is to maintain greater capital flexibility as we see attractive opportunities for growth. We might hold higher levels of cash, depending on the opportunities we have in front of us, but we won't accumulate cash without line of sight to value-creating opportunities. We'll continue to return excess capital through share buybacks.  Overall, we're pleased with our performance in the first quarter. We're confident in our ability to continue to expand earnings and cash flows. This will also allow us to continue to invest in our businesses and sustain our track record of returning excess capital to shareholders over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review the first quarter results and our 2022 outlook. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding catastrophes, totaled $302 million, equal to the first quarter of 2021. Performance was driven by strong growth across Global Lifestyle, which was offset by higher non-cat loss experience in Global Housing, primarily from our specialty offerings. For the quarter, we reported adjusted earnings per share, excluding reportable catastrophes, of $3.80 , up 17% from the prior year period, driven by buybacks and a $9 million nonrecurring tax benefit from one of our international businesses. Now let's move to segment results, starting with Global Lifestyle. This segment reported adjusted EBITDA of $217 million in the first quarter, a year-over-year increase of 13%, driven by continued earnings expansion in both Connected Living and Global Automotive. Connected Living earnings increased by $16 million, or 13% year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by continued mobile expansion in North America device protection programs from cable operator and carrier clients, including more favorable loss experience and subscriber growth as well as an increase in global mobile devices service, including higher trade-in volumes from continued carrier promotions.  In Global Automotive, earnings increased $9 million or 12% from 3 items: higher investment income, favorable loss experience in select ancillary products and continued growth in our U.S. national dealer and third-party administrator channels, including growth of 5% in global vehicles protected. As we look at revenues, Lifestyle revenues increased by $99 million or 5%, aligning with our expectation that revenue would increase mid-single digits year-over-year. This was driven by continued growth in Global Automotive and Connected Living.  In Global Automotive, revenue increased 9%, reflecting strong prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. Even with the decline in U.S. auto sales year-over-year, net written premiums increased 4% as we continued to benefit from higher attachment rates on used vehicles.  Within Connected Living, revenue increased 2% from higher mobile fee income driven by our global mobile devices service. Devices service encompasses the devices we touch in our trade-in, repair and dynamic fulfillment ecosystem. In the first quarter, the number of global mobile devices service increased by $800,000 or approximately 13% to $6.8 million. This was led by higher trading volumes, supported by new phone introductions and carrier promotions from the introduction of 5G devices as well as initial service and repair volumes. In terms of mobile subscribers, growth in North America subscribers was partially offset by declines in runoff mobile programs, previously mentioned, which also impacted mobile devices protected sequentially. For full year 2022, we continue to expect Lifestyle adjusted EBITDA growth to be low double digits compared to the $740 million in 2021. Connected Living is expected to be the key driver of adjusted EBITDA growth, driven by global expansion in existing and new clients across device protection and trade-in and upgrade programs. This will be partially offset by strategic investments to support new business opportunities and client implementations as well as unfavorable impacts from foreign exchange in Asia Pacific and Europe. Auto adjusted EBITDA is expected to increase due to higher investment income and business performance throughout the year, which will be partially offset by higher expenses. Moving to Global Housing. Adjusted EBITDA was $104 million for the first quarter compared to $94 million in the first quarter of 2021, driven by lower reportable catastrophes. Excluding catastrophe losses, earnings decreased $30 million, primarily due to higher non-cat losses in our specialty and lender-placed businesses. Nearly 2/3 of the earnings decrease was from an unfavorable non-cat loss experience in our specialty offerings, including a $14 million increase within sharing economy, primarily related to a reserve adjustment and adverse development from policies previously written under less favorable contract terms. Taking a closer look at sharing economy, the product where we are seeing higher claims relates to on-demand delivery. It's a short-term liability policy covering the period when a driver may be using their vehicle for commercial purposes, which is not covered by a traditional auto insurance policy. We started writing this business in 2017 and is a relatively small portion of our Global Housing business, representing roughly 12% of specialists annualized net earned premium. We have taken several actions over the years, including modifying contract terms with some of our partners and discontinuing less profitable business to improve performance. However, based on the recent higher claims frequency and severity, we are taking a closer look at the business and expect to take appropriate steps to improve performance as we look to deliver on our financial objectives.  Turning to lender-placed. This business comprised the majority of the balance of the increase in our non-cat loss experience within the segment. This was mainly related to elevated frequency and claim severities from fire claims, ultimately leading to lower earnings year-over-year. I did want to note that while fire claims tend to ebb and flow throughout the year, we continue to see higher cost of claims throughout our book due to inflationary factors, including labor and materials. These impacts continue to be largely offset by higher average insured values. In Multifamily Housing, underlying growth in our PMC and affinity channels was offset by more normalized losses compared to an abnormally low first quarter of 2021 as well as increased expenses from ongoing investments to further strengthen the customer experience.  Global Housing revenue was up slightly year-over-year, mainly from higher average insured values and lender-placed and growth in Multifamily Housing. This was partially offset by lower specialty revenues from client runoff. Overall, we announced that Global Housing adjusted EBITDA, excluding cats, to grow mid-single digits from the $486 million in 2021.  Lender-placed is expected to be a key driver for the following 4 items: first, expense efficiencies across the business, including system enhancements and new digital capabilities, we expect these to create additional scale as the volume of our business grows; second, higher average insured values; third, a modest lift from expected placement rate increases; and last, REO recovery later in the year, noting that volumes were significantly reduced from foreclosure moratoriums during the pandemic. Additionally, we are monitoring higher claims costs as well as reinsurance costs, which are aligned with the increase in AIVs. Overall, for Housing, we would expect the combined ratio, including cats, of 84% to 89%. At Corporate, adjusted EBITDA was a loss of $22 million, an improvement of $6 million compared to the first quarter of 2021. This was mainly driven by 2 items; first, lower employee-related expenses; and second, higher investment income from higher asset balances following the sale of premium. For full year 2022, we expect the Corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to be approximately $105 million. This reflects lower investment income compared to 2021. In addition, the first half of the year historically experiences lower expenses as investments ramp throughout the year.  Turning to holding company liquidity. We ended the first quarter with $738 million, $513 million above our current minimum target level. In the first quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $129 million. In addition to our quarterly Corporate and interest expenses, we also had outflows from 2 main items: $242 million of share repurchases and $37 million in common stock dividends. As Keith mentioned, we expect to return the remaining portion of the $900 million of Preneed proceeds or approximately $125 million in the second quarter. Our outlook assumes returning an additional $200 million to $300 million throughout the year. For the year overall, we continue to expect segment dividends to be roughly 3/4 of segment adjusted EBITDA, including catastrophes. As always, segment dividends are subject to the growth of the businesses, rating agency and regulatory capital requirements and investment portfolio performance. In summary, we're confident in our ability to achieve our financial objectives for 2022 and over the long term, as we discussed at Investor Day. Our earnings growth, strong capital generation, product and service offerings as well as our business resiliency continue to differentiate Assurant as a strong partner and as a compelling investment.  And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: First question is on the comments, Keith, you made about the expanded partnership with the retail. How much -- anything you can quantify there and how that might impact the outlook for 2022?
Keith Demmings: Yes. Certainly, it's considered in the full year outlook. I would say not a material driver. There'll be some investments that we're making. We've been making already to this point in the year. That will continue as we kind of ramp the full scale of services. We'll also see volume and revenue start coming in as well. So that will typically be fairly well aligned in this case. So I would say fairly neutral this year. And then obviously, as we kind of build scale and ramp, it will become more meaningful as we look to '23 and beyond and really exciting opportunity for us.  If you think about the retail landscape in the United States, if you think about the opportunity to broadly serve the connected consumer in the future with bundled solutions around the connected home, this does give us a pretty material step change in terms of the scale of our services, particularly around the appliance side of the business. It's a disproportionate increase to our volume. And I think it will definitely bear fruit longer term, and we're really excited. And it's an important client. Certainly, it helps us protect the client, but really expanding our services and then making investments in our platforms that I think will support further growth longer term is what gets me most excited.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Congrats on that. Second question is just again on the outlook and maybe trying to get into some of the drivers behind that. Specifically, can you say to what extent you have -- in the Lifestyle, mobile business, what's your outlook for mobile sales for the year? And how does that influence your outlook for the year there?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I mean I think we're seeing really strong results in the mobile business. If you look back over many years, it doesn't always show up in the subscriber count number. Now we've started to give devices service where you're seeing a fairly significant ramp in our trade-in volume, which has been true over the last several quarters. I think we are seeing underlying growth in our most mature markets. That's masked a little bit. So in North America, we're definitely seeing increases in our subscriber counts. That's true with our mobile partners in terms of mobile operators, but it's also true with the cable operators that we do business with for device protection. They're growing. They're achieving net adds every quarter in terms of postpaid customers. So we're definitely seeing growth there. Those are the most mature markets. And then that's kind of masked by a little bit more softness in some of our international markets and then some client runoff that's got a fairly limited economic impact overall. We're still seeing strong demand in the market for mobile devices. We're seeing a lot of carrier competition, carrier promotions. I think we're extremely well positioned with clients, both in terms of device protection, but then the breadth of clients we serve with respect to trade in, which has only grown over the last couple of years. So I feel like we're really well positioned, and there's still a tremendous amount of consumer demand. We'll see as the year progresses if that changes. But certainly, at this point, we feel really good about how we're positioned.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Last one for now. On the specialty business and the charge there. Actually, Richard, you alluded to some steps you're taking to improve the performance there. Can you kind of talk about what are the things you're doing there to make sure that doesn't happen in future results.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Go ahead, Keith.
Keith Demmings: I was going to say, why don't you talk a little bit about some of the work that we're doing, Richard, and I'll talk more strategically.
Richard Dziadzio: Okay. Okay. Great. And first to start out in the specialty area, we talked about sharing economy and the charge we took of $14 million. Really, most of that charge is linked to past business, past contracts we had in place. So call it runoff, I think about it runoff in my mind that there are old contracts, clients that we canceled over time and we're getting those charges come through right now. So we have done, I would say, as Keith said in his remarks, we have done some actions. We're going to continue to do more actions. I think we're deep diving into the types of contracts we have. We're understanding the volatility about those contracts. We're understanding the quality of the clients we have behind those contracts. So our goal is to make sure that we're hitting our financial objectives, as we said in our remarks. And so we're not happy with taking the charge, and we're going to work on that very hard. Keith?
Keith Demmings: Yes. The only thing I would add, I think the business that we're writing today, to Richard's point, the team has done a really good job modifying pricing, terminating certain partnerships that we didn't think were going to pay off long term and changing deal structures, changing the terms and conditions around the products. There's been a lot of good work done. The charges that you're seeing flow through for the most part relate to business that's since been modified through a lot of those actions that we've taken. I'd say the underlying profitability on the business we write today, new business that we're putting on the books is significantly better than the historical. So that's definitely a good thing. But the team is not happy overall with how this business is performing at the moment. So we're definitely looking at it very closely.  One of the strategic I guess in terms of the thesis with this business was not just giving us access to the gig economy, really fast-growing kind of emerging marketplace that we thought was really interesting, a place where we could innovate and develop some new distribution opportunities. We also thought there would be opportunities to provide additional coverages, like mobile protection, vehicle service contracts. Those are pretty important types of coverages for a gig economy worker, that hasn't materialized to this point. That was part of the strategic rationale and the thesis behind entering this marketplace. So obviously, we're evaluating whether those opportunities can exist for us in the future. So more work to be done. To Richard's point, we're not happy with the results. We're definitely going to be making sure this business is built to deliver the economics that we would expect based on the risk reward trade in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Ransom from Dowling & Partners.
Gary Ransom: I had a couple of questions on the interpretation of the new items that you're giving in the earnings. One is the EBITDA margin. I know in the past you've talked about how different contracts have different revenues versus different margin levels based on how they're structured. Is there any different way I might interpret the 11% margin that came in, in Lifestyle? Or are those -- just how are you thinking about that?
Richard Dziadzio: And maybe I can...
Keith Demmings: Go ahead, Richard.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. No, I think the EBITDA margin, to a certain extent, it's a reflection of the mix of business that we have, Gary. I think that as we go, when we become more fee-based as we've talked about, you're going to get naturally as opposed to putting it over premiums or gross premiums. You're going to have that margin naturally improve. Keith talked earlier about kind of the mix of products and the fact that we do have clients with more fee-based services. So that definitely is a positive for us. And also, I guess, the bottom line too is Lifestyle had a very good quarter overall in terms of profitability. And that obviously then translates into the margin as well, which helps.
Gary Ransom: And the other one I wanted to ask about is the mobile devices service, which you did talk about it being up strongly year-over-year. But there also seems to be some seasonality, the decline sequentially. Can you just remind us what the -- how to think about the sequential seasonality for that measurement?
Keith Demmings: Sure. And you're right, there's definitely seasonality. We tend to see a fairly significant Q4 related to devices service. We also tend to see strength in Q1. As we look at devices, iconic devices launched in the back half of the year, that obviously leads into a lot more activity in terms of customers trading in old devices in the fourth quarter to try and get the new devices that are being actively marketed in the marketplace. We tend to see that spill over into Q1 as well.  And then it really is a function of the promotional activity that the carriers are doing in the market. So if you think about all of our global partners that offer trade-in programs as they're being more aggressive with trade-in offers to try and get consumers into the latest technology and which is particularly true today with the push for 5G. That is ultimately what drives -- the seasonality is those promotions that are driven by the carriers.  So we saw strong activity in Q1. I expect we'll continue to see strength as we go through the year. But you're correct. We tend to see a really strong first quarter, a really strong fourth quarter. And then we'll see what happens with respect to the promotions as we go through the year. And obviously, we'll see what also happens with consumer demand and other factors that our partners are trying to navigate as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist.
Mark Hughes: Question on the Global Automotive business, vehicle business, what kind of new business in the -- and I'm sorry, it's kind of a strange time in the auto market in terms of sales. Should we anticipate growth in terms of vehicles covered? Or is this more steady as she goes?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I mean, first of all, I'm really happy with the overall performance of the auto business, and it was a particularly strong first quarter, not just in terms of the ultimate profitability of the business as we look at the EBITDA growth that we were able to deliver. But also just in terms of the performance on a net written premium basis, if you look at revenue was up 9%, net written premium was up 4%, and that's dealing with Q1 auto sales this year, which were down 12% versus Q1 last year. So I would say that our team is outperforming the underlying results within the auto industry in terms of car sales.  So I think that's really positive. That's a testament to the I think the breadth of our client partnerships, the fact that we've got really, really well diversified distribution channels and our partners are being successful in the market, and they're gaining share. So that's helped us significantly. And our teams are also expanding our own market share just because of the scale and breadth of our offering. So feel really good about automotive broadly. Covered vehicles is relatively flat, as you mentioned right now, but we are seeing underlying growth in net written premium, which to me is a really good sign. And we'll see what happens with the auto industry. I certainly expect, at some point, there's a lot of pent-up demand for new vehicles. And as new vehicles become more readily available, obviously, we'll start to see the benefits of that flowing through on the new vehicle side. That will probably alleviate some of the pricing pressure on the used car market. Used car markets are extremely elevated right now and that too should normalize. So -- but again, I feel like there's definitely upside in this business over time, particularly as we look at interest rates today. We had favorability in the quarter, both from interest rates as well as from the underlying performance and growth of the business. And certainly, that's an opportunity as we look forward.
Mark Hughes: Maybe a similar question on Multifamily. I think your renters, the count was up 5%, 6%. The revenue was up low single digits, which is a little bit below the recent trend. What do you think is the prospect there?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think we -- first of all, we really like the renters business. We've got a strong market position. We cover 2.6 million renters. So we've got a really nice market share as well, and it's been growing historically over time. And the renters market has also been growing. If we look back just because of attach rates improving historically. So I really like the position that we're in. You're correct. We saw a little bit slower growth in the quarter. Slower growth from some of our affinity partners offset, I would say, by really favorable strong growth within the PMC channel. We've talked before about the success we're having with Cover360 with our property management partners, where we've got just a more much more integrated solution into the buy flow with better digital access. Premiums for renters are collected as part of the rent. So there's a lot more opportunity for us to continue to grow in that market as we scale that solution and as more clients adopt it. So I do expect this business to drive long-term growth. It's a key focus. We continue to look for ways to differentiate our solutions and then broaden distribution, and that's going to be a key focus for the team as we move through the year.
Mark Hughes: And then Richard, on investment income, anything you would -- is this a good kind of run rate at this point when we think about new money yields, is that going to lead to an increase in investment income as we get into the rest of this year and next year?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thanks for the question, Mark. I mean definitely, the increase in interest rates is a positive thing for us, both long term and short term. So we are benefiting from that, and we'll continue to benefit from that as kind of the book rolls through, so to speak, and the assets come to maturity. So very, very positive news for us.  I would say -- in terms of your question on run rate, I wouldn't necessarily take this as a run rate because in this quarter, let's say, we're up about $8 million over the prior year quarter. That's coming part from some real estate gains. So part from interest rates and investment income coming from the fixed income book, but also part from real estate gains. We had a few million dollars of real estate gains in there, just a little under 5, I would say. So part of that, I would consider a little bit of a one-timer. But the rest of it is good news and hopefully a harbinger of things to come as interest rates continue to stay at an elevated level and even increase as we've seen over the last couple of months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tommy McJoynt from KBW.
Tommy McJoynt: So it sounds like just kind of going back to the sharing economy and on delivery products that further reserve strengthening this quarter. So while it's a growing kind of exciting piece of the economy, to the extent that you do deem that it's unlikely to meet your return hurdles? Or if you think that cross-selling to those gig economy workers just looks too challenging. Can you talk about what a wind down of that business would look like? I know in the past, you've exited things like small commercial that didn't meet your return hurdles. So just kind of how material is that business? And is it a profitable business right now? Or is it a drag? Just kind of any more kind of numbers you can put around that?
Keith Demmings: Yes, maybe I'll offer a couple of thoughts, and then Richard, feel free to chip in. But we've talked about it being 12% of the specialty line. I'd say $50 million to $60 million a year in net earned premium in terms of the size and scale of that business today operates across multiple clients, primarily in food delivery. If I look at the P&L over the lifetime of the business, I'd say it's relatively neutral. It's not been a big drag in terms of losing money. We look at the inception to date, profitability of the business. Forget about quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year changes, is this business making money. So pretty marginal at this point overall. But as we talked about, that's absorbing the learnings, the investment to scale the business, early losses as we sort of had to learn the market as the market was being created. So not a terrible result and it's something that we built and incubated. And I think our team has done a really good job. It's a really well diversified mix of business. There's a lot more protections in how that product and how the programs are structured today. We've built a lot of expertise around managing the claims and integrating with our partners. And then obviously, there's a lot of complexity in this business. So I think from that perspective, it's worked in terms of what can this mean for us going forward? How large can it be? Can we get the strategic value out to your point, that's something that we've got to continue to work on and making sure we can define that. But it's not a big drain in terms of the actual P&L effect that we're feeling. It's just not hitting the hurdle rates that we'd expect at this point, 5 years into learning this part of the market. And Richard, feel free to add anything else.
Richard Dziadzio: No. I think your last comment is the one I would underscore for Tommy, which is it was a business that we started 5 years ago as an incubator to innovate and see if there was a part to get into the gig economy that way and see that. Over time, with 5 years, the overall profitability, I would say, has been fairly neutral for us. The new contracts that we have in place are profitable. And so that's what we're going to dive into is to say, okay, well, do we have something here that we can build upon? Or is this a business that we need to change drastically? So that's what we're deep diving, as Keith said, to do and really to understand it. So overall, for this year, given the results of the first quarter, I wouldn't think it would be a positive or a negative to the rest of the year, right, in terms of the outlook that we have out there. So some work to do there, Tommy.
Tommy McJoynt: That's great. Thanks for all those numbers that you guys gave there. And then just my other question, could you guys talk about what could be some of the drivers for the favorable loss experience in Lifestyle that you guys referenced, when there's really widespread reports of higher severity via higher cost in parts and labor in most industries out there.
Keith Demmings: Yes, maybe I'll offer a couple of thoughts. We -- and there's a few moving pieces, but I would say if we look at -- the first thing to underscore is that for the vast majority of the business we're -- either we're risk sharing or reinsuring or we're profit sharing back with partners. So we're not on the majority of the risk, and we've talked about that, historically. And then where we are on risk, there are some interesting things that are happening. If I think about the auto business, we write some gap insurance.  And obviously, with used car values at all-time highs, the GAAP losses have been dramatically lower as you think about the depreciated value of the used car is much higher today than it would have been under normal circumstances. So that's creating some favorability. That normalizes over time, I would say, is the used car market moderates. And when will that happen, it's hard to know, right? Because it's all connected with more broadly the supply chain issues that are creating that situation.  And then in terms of the mobile side, we had a little bit of elevated losses if you look back to Q1 of '21. When you think about some of the business where we actually are on the risk, a little bit more elevated losses last year due to just some parts availability pressure in that business. Our teams have done an incredibly good job buying inventory, maintaining inventory to make sure that we're able to deal with our claims efficiently. You've got, obviously, as product continues to roll out in the market in terms of new devices, the quality of those devices continues to improve, which is also helpful. And we've just seen some underlying strength in our ability to manage loss costs around that mobile experience. We're doing a lot more repair as well. So there are several factors at play. Again, most of that accrues to the benefit of our partners because of the deal structures. But for those where we are on the risk on balance, we've been really pleased with how the team has performed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Schmitt from William Blair.
Jeffrey Schmitt: The cost for the T-Mobile in-store repair rollout, they looked at peak in the fourth quarter of last year, but you'd mentioned that should continue in the first half of the year. Can we get a sense on how much costs for the quarter? And would you expect to see some -- there still wasn't year-over-year margin expansion, but should we sort of expect that next quarter? Or is that more of a second half of the year? Just any detail you could provide there.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I would say, first of all, we're thrilled with everything that we've done with T-Mobile as we look back over the last several months, the migration of the Sprint customers went incredibly well, and we're really proud of the work that we've done there. And then the build-out of same unit repair in the T-Mobile stores. Again, a lot of that work happened in Q4. We had to recruit technicians. We had to train. We had to develop all of our technology interfaces, all of our inventory management solutions, all of that work to stand that up and was largely done by the end of 2021. And as we look at Q1, I would say, relatively neutral effect overall in terms of the P&L.  So there's some ongoing investments, a little bit less about new store scaling and more about refining process, refining platforms, investing in the underlying technology and then just trying to make sure that we're evolving how we execute and deliver value to end consumers in partnership with T-Mobile. And that will never stop, right? We'll always be looking to invest to improve. And we're seeing incredible Net Promoter Scores. I would say we had a really, really high NPS prior to same unit repair. It's taken it to another level, and it's pretty exciting to see the favorable reactions we're getting from the customers. And obviously, that's reflecting well on T-Mobile and their brand. So -- but relatively neutral in the quarter and expect that to improve as we go through the year and as we reach a more mature and steady state with the solution. But you couldn't be prouder of the work that the team has done and the actual results that are being delivered to the end customer.
Jeffrey Schmitt: Okay. Great. The -- and then on the covered mobile devices, was down a little bit sequentially, but could you talk about the sort of underlying growth there, excluding the legacy Sprint customers coming on? What was the impact of the runoff clients? And what's your outlook for that kind of underlying growth? So I think if you go back to quarter 2 before Sprint came over, you'd mentioned that maybe going in the mid-single digits. But what is your sort of outlook for that?
Keith Demmings: Sure. Yes. And obviously, when you look year-over-year, it's a big step change because of Sprint, and we've talked about the importance of that relationship. But you're right, in terms of the underlying subscriber growth, we're seeing the U.S. market continue to drive growth. It's masked in the numbers because, obviously, we're showing a global total. But we are seeing fundamental growth there, expect that to continue as we move quarter to quarter to quarter. So that's -- and as I referenced earlier, both in terms of mobile operators, but also our cable partners as well, who are having success and doing well with respect to offering our services to end consumers. So that will continue. A little bit of softness in some of the international markets where things have been a little bit slower to open up from COVID, not a big economic concern. Obviously, it shows up in the numbers in terms of accounts, but not a massive impact from an economic point of view. And then we had a client that we talked about last year that had runoff, again, not material economically. So I have no concerns with respect when I look at where we are for mobile devices protected. I think what's important is we're building deeper and deeper relationships with some incredible global partners. And the deeper those relationships get, the more services we provide, the more we can help solve problems and innovate to deliver value, and that's what gets us really excited. There's a lot of great momentum in the market. Our teams are really, really integrated, and we're passionate about serving clients, solving problems and delivering for end consumers. And I think that's the game that we're trying to win over the long term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Barnidge from Piper Sandler.
John Barnidge: That new partnership that you talked about the end-to-end sounds very exciting. Are there opportunities to expand that for other similar relationships? Or do you need to get past the ramp-up phase to really create the leverage to expand with others?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I definitely think there are opportunities to expand. I think scale, and I've talked about this previously, scale is important, right? And I think this relationship will give us a tremendous increase to our scale. It's quite material in terms of what it means for our ability to deliver customer service to manage a third-party repair network and then to make the underlying investments I think that will happen quickly. And I think we will have opportunities to drive growth, both in new and interesting ways with this partner, who is significant and always trying to innovate around the customer, but also as we think about the capabilities and the foundation that we continue to build, how do we then leverage that foundation. And I would say that foundation will get built and scaled fairly quickly. It won't be 3 or 4 years from now, we'll finally have solution that then is really relevant in the market. That relevance will emerge fairly quickly.
John Barnidge: Okay. And then a follow-up question. What does the international growth opportunity look like given increased FX volatility?
Keith Demmings: Yes. So no doubt, as we look at Q1, we saw some effects from FX. We expect that to continue as we look towards the rest of the year. Luckily, as Richard has talked about, we're pretty resilient. There are a number of pluses and minuses as we look at more broadly, inflation macroeconomic factors, interest rates. So we feel like we're well positioned. But there's definitely we'll see some effect from FX. Think about Europe and Japan, as good examples, where we'll expect to see that. I do think we've got great momentum around the world. I mean our international footprint has continued to mature over the last many years. We haven't expanded into new countries. We've really focused on how do we gain relevance and scale within the key markets that we want to be in. And I think our teams are doing a great job. Our services, our solutions, we continue to deploy them on a global basis. So as we build services like you think about it an easy example like same unit repair or premium technical support or trade in, those services are relevant everywhere in the world. They may be more relevant in a certain market today and 2 years from now, that trend catches up in another part of the world. So I think that's one of the powers of operating as a global business. It's allowed us to build things once, build them in a standard way, build kind of global platforms that we can scale and then deploy those internationally. And we've got some incredible clients around the world. I'm so proud of what our international team has done, and I think there's lots and lots of opportunities.  And today, it's mobile. Connected Living is the biggest part of international. We've got through the acquisition of TWG, much more automotive going on in various parts of the world. And as we continue to find the other relevant parts of Assurant to export to take advantage of our biggest markets, I think that will create longer-term tailwinds for us. But certainly, in the short term, FX is a challenge.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Grace Carter from Bank of America.
Grace Carter: I was wondering if you all could talk about, I guess, the percent of the LPI book that's historically been in REO and just how that compares today versus historical and I guess, just kind of the evolution of that over the course of the year?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I would say, in simple terms, our REO volume is down significantly. It's probably 1/3 of what it would have been pre-pandemic roughly in that order of magnitude. I'd say we've seen it stabilize in terms of volume in the first quarter. I would expect that to slowly increase over time as properties enter foreclosure later in the year. So I definitely see that growing over time. Obviously, there's a ton of strength in the housing market. Our partners are working closely with customers in terms of loss mitigation activity. There's a lot of equity still in the homes for customers. There's a lot of opportunity for mortgage servicers to work with customers. So that will take some time to normalize. But certainly, it's dramatically lower than pre-pandemic, and we'd expect things to normalize over a reasonable period of time over the next couple of years, I would say.
Grace Carter: And sticking with the housing book, if there's any more color you could offer on the cost efficiencies that you referenced, just kind of thinking if that should ramp over the year or there should be kind of a more even impact starting next quarter? And just any sort of directional guidance on maybe the magnitude of the impact?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I think we're investing heavily in terms of digital investments automation. We've got a large operation that we run within the housing business. It's fairly intensive, labor-intensive in terms of the services that we provide. We've talked about how deeply integrated we are with our partners. And really, it's just operational transformation initiatives around digital and finding simpler ways to serve customers more quickly in partnership with our clients. And I would expect it to ramp naturally over the year as we continue to deploy digital tools, digital solutions, and that will allow us to drive that efficiency going forward. But Richard, what else might you want to add?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think that's exactly right. I don't think there will be a threshold moment per se. And a lot of the leverage that we're getting today is based on projects that have already been launched, that already were doing. So we're going to continuously, as Keith said, gets leverage out of it. And where I see some good leverage coming out is coming back to your previous question, Grace on REO, as we get more revenues out of that as revenues grow overall in lender-placed, we should hopefully get some leverage out of the expenses as well. Knowing, of course, that over time, it's more of a revenue and top line issue as opposed to just pure expenses because, obviously, we have rate filings to do. And over the longer term, that will balance itself out. But we do see over the short term that expenses and the leverage we're creating will really be helpful to us.
Keith Demmings: All right. Well, thank you again, everyone. And I would just like to close by saying we're really pleased with our first quarter performance. I certainly look forward to updating everyone on our second quarter results in August. And then in the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. But thank you very much, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:04 Welcome to Assurant’s Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2021 Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode, and the floor will be opened for your questions following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions]. 00:41 It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin your conference.
Suzanne Shepherd: 00:54 Thank you, operator. And good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2021 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Keith Demmings, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. 01:12 Yesterday after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2021. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with remarks from Keith and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. 01:30 Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based upon our historical performance and current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release, as well as in our SEC reports. 01:55 During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. 02:13 I will now turn the call over to Keith.
Keith Demmings: 02:17 Thank you, Suzanne, and good morning everyone. As I begin my tenure as CEO, I'm extremely proud of the opportunity to lead our nearly 16,000 employees across the world, as we support consumers ever connected lifestyles. As I reflect on Assurant’s transformation over the past several years, not only have we evolved our business model, but also significantly expanded the breadth of our offerings and our customer base. 02:44 Today, Assurant represents a cohesive group of higher growth service oriented businesses serving more than 300 million consumers globally. Collectively, our connected consumer and specialty P&C businesses have generated and are expected to drive continued profitable growth and strong returns. As we position Assurant for 2022 and beyond, we see compelling opportunities to sustain growth, particularly with the convergence of the connected consumer in the global markets and geographies in which we operate. 03:19 Continued success will require us to deliver on our vision for the future to empower leading brands to connect, protect and support their customers connected lifestyles. Ongoing investments in our people and capabilities will enable us to meet our customers how, where and when they want to be met, differentiating our offerings through a superior customer experience. 03:44 Continuously adapting to the changing needs of the connected consumer will be critical to achieving our long-term growth. To continue to capture new opportunities, I believe, success will require more than ever our focus on 5 priorities. First, attracting, retaining and developing the best talent to unlock future potential; Second, delivering a superior digital first customer experience; Third deepening our strong partnerships with major clients and prospects worldwide, while also developing offerings and capabilities that continue to differentiate Assurant; Fourth, accelerating the pace of innovation and prioritizing the necessary investments across our operations and technology; And finally, continuing to further embed and support sustainability and inclusivity for the benefit of all stakeholders and the communities in which we operate. 04:44 And already this year, we've made progress in our continued objective to build a more sustainable Assurant. I'm proud of our recognition by CDP on our environmental impact and commitment and our continued inclusion in the Corporate Equality and Bloomberg Gender Equality Indices. I want to take a moment to highlight our lifestyle and housing businesses and how we successfully executed our strategy throughout 2021. 05:12 Within Connected Living, our mobile device lifecycle management solution has enhanced our ability to introduce value-added services and capabilities to monthly device protection plans and trade in and upgrade programs. This has helped expand our market share and further differentiate our offerings. We now cover almost 63 million mobile devices. A figure that's doubled since 2015 and increased 18% in 2021 alone. 05:44 At year-end, we launched a partnership with Deutsche Telekom in Germany to provide an innovative mobile phone device protection program and trade-in program. Assurant has already been recognized by Deutsche Telekom for our commitment to sustainability with a hash tag Green Magenta label highlighting how our products and services make a positive climate contribution and reflect a responsible use of resources. This is another example of further integrating ESG into Assurant’s business operations and offerings worldwide to drive more value for our partners and for our consumers. 06:22 Throughout the year critical investments continued to drive growth and differentiate the customer experience. Our trade-in and upgrade business now inclusive of HYLA Mobile drove exceptional performance, processing over 25 million devices supported by the rollout of 5G as well as our repair asset disposition and technology capabilities. We recently expanded our long-standing partnership with Telefonica to provide a comprehensive device trade-in program across several key countries in Europe, in Latin America where Telefonica is a market leader. The program will enable Telefonica to access our leading trade-in technology. 07:06 We also continue to integrate mobile service delivery options into our offerings through CPRs local same day capability and they come to you repair capability through our acquisition of Fixed. Demonstrating our commitment to improving the customer experience CPR by Assurant ranked first in the 2022 Entrepreneurial Franchise 500 for electronics repair. This is a testament to the success of our CPR franchisees and our commitment to provide customers with exceptional experiences, services and support. And we successfully executed on the major rollout of the in-store repair capability to nearly 500 T-Mobile store locations nationwide, showcasing our ability to adapt to rapidly changing consumer preferences. 07:54 Over a period of 5 months we recruited, trained and deployed nearly 2,000 technicians to deliver a seamless experience to T-Mobile customers in store, while also converting approximately 10 million Sprint subscribers to Assurant. The in-store repair rollout will continue in 2022 as we further enhance the overall experience for T-Mobile customers. 08:19 Turning to our global automotive business, where we also have a strong track record of growth and innovation. We've continue to capture market share and see significant opportunities ahead. In 2021, we grew global protected vehicles by 10% to nearly $54 million, and increased in net operating income by 21%. The auto business is critical to the long-term success of Assurant and we should continue to benefit in the future from increased scale through our alignment with industry leaders and our ability to support customers through digital channels. 08:55 Turning to renters. The business grew policies and revenue by 7% in 2021, a testament to strong affinity and property management company relationships. We also secured multi-year renewals with 2 top 10 property management companies. Technology and innovation are critical components to our success in this business. And we'll continue to invest in our technology over the next several years to further enhance the customer experience for our 2.6 million policyholders. 09:27 Investments in 2021 included the continued rollout of Cover360, lunching new customer facing sales portals and expanding self service capabilities that leverage machine learning to enable automation of claim payments. Ultimately, our investments should increase policy attachment rates which have not yet hit mature level throughout the industry. 09:49 Additionally, in our attractive P&C offerings, including lender placed insurance, we have maintained our market leading position with large US services and banks tracking over 30 million loans. Last year alone, we renewed 10 clients and partnered with 2 new clients. As we look to 2022, we'll continue investments in operations, such as our customer centric single source processing platform, differentiating our tracking capabilities and improving efficiency. 10:21 Overall, I'm pleased that our businesses have delivered on our commitments for 2021 as we delivered value for our clients and customers. We also further demonstrated the resiliency of our unique business model as we navigated the pandemic and manage inflationary pressures. Excluding reportable catastrophes, we generated 14% earnings per share growth, on the high end of our expectations. 10:47 Net operating income also excluding cats grew by 11% to $672 million, making 2021 our fifth consecutive year of profitable growth. Our balance sheet remains strong. Combined, our businesses contributed a total of $729 million in dividends to the holding company, representing approximately 100% of segment earnings. This allowed us to return a total of $1 billion in share repurchases and common stock dividends and complete our 3 year $1.35 billion capital return objective. In addition, we completed 60% of the $900 million we committed to return through share repurchases as part of the sale of our Preneed business. We anticipate returning the remainder by the end of the second quarter. 11:38 Next, I'd like to review some initial thoughts for 2022. As we look ahead to sharing our long-term vision, strategy and financial objectives at Investor Day in March, we can make an even more compelling case for the future. Given our ongoing shift to more service oriented fee-based businesses we believe adjusted EBITDA rather than net operating income is a better representation of how to evaluate our operating performance for the enterprise and segments. 12:08 In 2021 adjusted EBITDA excluding cats increased 9% to $1.1 billion, driven by strong results in Global Lifestyle, particularly in Global Automotive and Connected Living, as well as a lower corporate lost. In 2022, we expect growth in adjusted EBITDA ex-cats of 8% to 10%, a reflection of the strength of our business portfolio. Within Global Lifestyle, we expect adjusted EBITDA to increase by low-double digits, but likely not exceed the 12% growth we had in 2021. 12:43 Segment growth will be driven by Connected Living, particularly mobile, even as we make strategic investments to support new business, including continued investments in our in-store mobile repair capabilities. Within Global Housing, adjusted EBITDA excluding cats is expected to grow mid to high single digits, driven primarily by lender placed from higher average insured values, operating efficiencies and improved results in specialty offerings. Our corporate segment is expected to generate a loss of approximately $105 million of adjusted EBITDA, which is in line with our historical levels. 13:22 Cash flow generation is also expected to remain strong and is a core component of Assurant’s financial profile, allowing us to continue to invest in and transform this company. As we look at our capital management priorities going forward, we will continue to be strong stewards of capital. Our goal is to continue to maximize long-term value creation through disciplined capital deployment, while also maintaining our investment grade and financial strength ratings. Given the attractive business opportunities we see ahead, we expect a more balanced capital deployment mix, targeting compelling investments to drive long-term growth, whether organic or through M&A, as well as ongoing return of capital to shareholders. We believe this combination will enable us to sustain above market profitable growth and generate significant value for our shareholders. 14:14 We recognize that for periods of time this may result in higher than average levels of holding company liquidity to ensure we have the flexibility to make investments that generate compelling returns, while also returning capital mainly through buybacks, given the attractiveness of our stock. 14:31 Lastly, I wanted to acknowledge and thank all who have supported my transition to CEO over the last several quarters. Your feedback and ongoing dialog has been incredibly valuable as we collectively look to build upon the success of Assurant for the future. And I want to thank our employees around the world for their extraordinary efforts in 2021, a year in which we again outperformed despite the challenges of the pandemic. 14:56 I will turn the call over to Richard to review the fourth quarter results, our ‘22 outlook and business trends. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: 15:05 Thank you, Keith and good morning everyone. As Keith noted, we are pleased with our performance in 2021 which continue to reinforce the strength of earnings and cash flow generation of our businesses. For the fourth quarter, we reported net operating income per share excluding reportable catastrophes of $2.49, up 21% from the prior year period. Excluding cats, net operating income for the quarter totaled $144 million and adjusted EBITDA amounted to $245 million, a year-over-year increase of 16% and 8%, respectively. 15:46 Now let's move to segment results, starting with Global Lifestyle. The segment reported net operating income of $108 million in the fourth quarter, a year-over-year increase of 20%. Growth was driven by strong performance in Global Automotive and Connected Living. 16:04 In Global Automotive, earnings increased $12 million or 29% from fourth quarter 2020. The increase is based on 3 main items, including, first, continued organic growth across distribution channels, mainly in the US and including AFAS contributions. Second, there were loss experienced from selected ancillary products. And third, higher investment income. 16:32 Connected Living’s earnings increased by $9 million or 21% year-over-year, more than offsetting the implementation costs associated with the initial deployment of in-store device repair services with T-Mobile. These costs are primarily related to technician hiring and parts sourcing and will further impact Connected Living’s earnings in 2022 as we continue investing in our in-store capabilities. 17:01 The fourth quarter increase in Connected Living was primarily driven by 3 items. Higher trading volumes, including a full quarter of contributions from HYLA and carrier promotions; higher international earnings, including improved performance in Europe and Asia Pacific; and continued mobile subscriber growth in North America, including growth from our cable operator partners. This quarter Connected Living and Global Automotive results also included a modest tax benefit that improved earnings. 17:31 For the quarter Lifestyles adjusted EBITDA increased 16% to $159 million. Adjusted EBITDA eliminates the segments increased IT depreciation from higher investments, as well as amortization resulting from higher deal related intangibles from the more recent transactions in T-Mobile and Global Automotive. 17:56 As we look at revenues, Lifestyle revenues increased by $168 million or 9%. This was driven mainly by continued growth in global automotive and Connected Living. In Global Automotive, revenue increased 12% reflecting strong prior period sales of vehicle service contracts across all distribution channels. In the US, we saw continued expansion from our national dealer network, and third-party administrators, while we benefited internationally from higher volumes with OEMs. As expected, our net written premiums, a key sales metric, continue to normalize compared to the third quarter, but remain elevated. We expect continued normalization into 2022. 18:42 Within Connected Living revenue increased 7%, primarily due to mobile fee income that was driven by strong trading volumes, including contributions from HYLA. Trading volumes continue to be elevated in the fourth quarter, supported by new phone introductions and carrier promotions from the introduction of 5G devices. Higher revenue growth in domestic mobile subscribers was offset by declines in run-off mobile programs previously mentioned. 19:13 For the year, mobile subscribers grew 18% to nearly $63 million, driven by growth in North America, including the transition of legacy Sprint subscribers. Excluding the Sprint transition, our North American device count continued to grow at a healthy pace and was up 8% offsetting declines in other regions. 19:35 Looking ahead to 2022, we expect Global Lifestyle adjusted EBITDA to increase by low double digits. Growth will be mainly driven by Connected Living and particular mobile, from continued global expansion in existing and new clients and across device protection in trade-in and upgrade programs. Given the strategic investments we're making across Lifestyle to support new business opportunities, including in-store service and repair capabilities, we do not anticipate growth to exceed the 12% growth rate we had in 2021. 20:11 In Global Automotive we expect adjusted EBITDA to be stable in 2022 compared to 2021 as we overcome headwinds in investment income and the absence of $10 million of non-recurring gains we recorded in the first half of 2012. 20:33 Moving to Global Housing. Net operating income was $80 million for the fourth quarter compared to $61 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, driven by lower reportable catastrophes. Excluding catastrophe losses, earnings decreased $7 million, mainly due to higher non-cat losses in our Specialty P&C offerings. Non-cat losses included an $8.2 million increase, primarily related to reserve strengthening for run-off claims within our small commercial book. As a reminder, this book stopped getting policies in 2019, but we continue to manage open claims. Absent this reserve increase, earnings were relatively flat as growth in lender placed was offset modestly by higher non-cat losses. 21:20 Recall, certain factors in 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 temporarily depressed non-cat loss levels. We do not consider those periods to be representative of historical and future trends. Earnings growth in lender placed insurance was driven by the higher average insured value of in-force policies and claims processing efficiencies, which were partially offset by the impact of the continued foreclosure of moratoriums. In January, we replaced our existing reinsurance coverage, representing 2/3 of our 2022 catastrophe reinsurance program placement. We were able to continue placing reinsurance covering multiple years to mitigate changes in the pricing of cat reinsurance in any one year. 22:09 And similar to prior years, the remainder of our reinsurance will be placed around mid-year. We will continue to evaluate the risks and rewards purchasing additional reinsurance, as well as alternatives that could more meaningfully reduce our risk. 22:25 In Multifamily Housing underlying growth in our affinity and P&C channels was offset by increased expenses, primarily investments to further strengthen our customer experience, including our digital capabilities. Global Housing revenue increased 2% year-over-year, mainly from higher average insured values and premium rates in lender placed and growth in Multifamily Housing. This was partially offset by lower specialty revenues from client run-off. 22:55 For 2022 we expect Global Housing's adjusted EBITDA excluding cats to grow by mid to high single digits compared to 2021. This is expected to be driven by 3 factors. First, growth in lender placed insurance from continued higher average insured values and gradually higher REO volumes due to easing foreclosure moratoriums throughout the year. Growth is expected to be partially offset by the impact of higher labor and material costs. 23:29 Second, expense savings initiatives, including our Digital first efforts focused on automation will have a positive impact, albeit partially offset by continued investment initiatives particularly in multifamily housing. And third, improved loss experience in our specialty offerings related to small commercial. At corporate, the net operating loss was $24 million, an improvement of $3 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. This was mainly driven by higher investment income in the quarter from higher asset balances, including proceeds from the sale of Global Preneed. For 2022, we expect the corporate adjusted EBITDA loss to approximate $105 million, more in line with historical levels. 24:16 Turning to holding company liquidity. We ended the year with slightly over $1 billion, primarily due to the proceeds from the sale of our Preneed business. In the fourth quarter, dividends from our operating segments, totaled $176 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses we had outflows from 3 main items. $290 million of share repurchases, $39 million in common stock dividends, and $5 million related to Assurant Ventures Investments. For 2022, we expect our businesses to continue to generate strong cash flow and at a similar rate to prior years. 24:58 With the transition to adjusted EBITDA, we expect segment dividends to be roughly 3/4 of segment adjusted EBITDA, including catastrophes. This translates to approximately 100% of segment net operating income. As always, segment dividends are subject to the growth of the businesses, rating agency and regulatory capital requirements and investment portfolio performance. 25:22 As Keith mentioned, we expect to provide additional color for 2022, including our outlook on a per share basis that aligns with adjusted EBITDA, along with further detail regarding our long-term view of financial metrics that support Assurant’s strategic direction at Investor Day next month. As a result of the expected level of share repurchases, we wanted to note that we expect that our growth on a per share basis will significantly exceed our adjusted EBITDA growth. 25:53 In closing, we are really excited to have met our objectives for 2021 despite the difficult operating conditions brought on by the pandemic. And we're excited to be entering 2022 with the positive business momentum we highlighted today. 26:09 And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: 26:14 The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tommy McJoynt from KBW. Your line is open.
Tommy McJoynt: 26:47 Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. So could you guys start off and just talk about the impact of inflation on your device repair and upgrade business. Obviously, there's different factors with replacement parts and higher labor and wages. So if you could just kind of touch on how you're managing those risks?
Keith Demmings: 27:05 Sure and good morning. Maybe I'll start -- talk a little bit about mobile and then Richard, you can talk more broadly about inflation overall. I'd say, on the mobile business it had a relatively neutral impact on our financials. As we've talked about before, the business is largely reinsured and profit shared with our clients. So you do see a little bit of impact on loss ratios when we're on risk, but it's been fairly immaterial as we look over the course of the last many months. 27:33 I would also say, from our perspective, we also think about delivering service to the end consumer and making sure we've got the right levels of inventory. So that's equally important to make sure we're delivering and we've done a really good job stocking inventory, making sure we've got good lead time for parts delivery. From time to time we do see delays in terms of claim fulfillment, sometimes that means some repair might take a little longer or might have to replace a device versus doing a repair. But overall, customer service has been excellent and NPS scores in terms of what customers are telling us have been really, really strong. 28:09 So that's more from the parts side. I'd say in the labor market, no doubt, it remains challenging, and this is true across all of the businesses around the world. I would say, I’m really proud of how the teams have navigated, not just the labor market, but really the pandemic overall with work from home. I think because we kept health and safety at the front of everything that we did from a decision making perspective, we've built an incredible culture within the organization and I think we haven't seen a lot of the great resignation that you hear about every day. We've done an incredible job of protecting our employee base. And in fact we hired 2,000 employees to staff the 500 T-Mobile stores to do repairs. And obviously, including leadership positions we did that extremely well in a very challenging market. So really proud of how we've navigated labor. And I think one of our advantages is the talent that we have. 29:04 But maybe, Richard, just a little bit more on macro inflation as we think about the housing business as well.
Richard Dziadzio: 29:12 Sure, sure. Thanks, Keith. And good morning, Tommy. Yeah. Just in terms of the housing business overall, we have seen some increase in claim costs and that's a little bit of a headwind, but on the other hand, we've -- as we talked about in our remarks, we have seen an increase in average insured value. So that to a certain extent offset the pressure there. 29:35 I guess the other thing I would say too is, while short-term we do feel some pressure from it. We have factored it into the comments we made today in terms of what we would consider to be the impact of inflation on our businesses in 2022 in the outlook that we gave. And also positive will be rising interest rates that will flow through to investment income. So the higher rates will be helpful, both on a short and longer term on the cash that we have in hand today, and also on new money coming in, premiums coming in as we invested. 30:09 So overall, we don't see a material impact in the short-term or actually as we go further off. Thank you.
Tommy McJoynt: 30:19 Thanks. Appreciate the feedback. And then just switching gears a little bit to the outlook and into the guidance on EBITDA. So if I look over the past couple of years, the EBITDA margin has kind of been in the 10% to 11% range. When you kind of think of long-term where EBITDA should go, do you think you should build in some margin expansion on EBITDA or do you think that 10% to 11% is kind of a good long-term rate.
Keith Demmings: 30:43 Yeah. I guess a couple of comments. We will be obviously coming out at Investor Day in -- on March 24 with a longer-term outlook. So we will be coming to the market with 3 year longer-term financial projections. So that'll be a great time for us to lay out our vision for the future. And certainly if you look at our outlook for ’22, strong EBITDA growth, we've signaled 8% to 10% and we saw 9% in 2021. So continued strong momentum in terms of driving EBITDA growth. And I would also say we're investing more as well organically to try and set up the future. And we'll talk a lot more about some of those investments and how we think about long-term growth trajectory emerging as we get back together in a few weeks.
Tommy McJoynt: 31:31 Thanks. I look forward to speaking on. Thanks.
Keith Demmings: 31:34 Thank you.
Operator: 31:36 Your next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Phillips: 31:43 Thanks. Good morning. Actually, you just touched on it, but maybe a little bit deeper if you could on the guidance for EBITDA. I guess I was curious. And again, maybe nothing more than what you just said, but I'll say -- curious on how much, I guess, overall investment we should think about as being done this year relative to, say, the amount that was done last year as we look at that 8% to 10% guide for EBITDA.
Keith Demmings: 32:08 Yeah. I would say we expect to make more investments overall across the company in 2022 than in 2021. We obviously had some material investments when you look at standing up, taking a repair with T-Mobile, there was a significant lift to do that, obviously, converting the Sprint business. So there certainly were investments in ’21. I would signal a little bit more investment to drive organic growth. And I would probably highlight a couple of areas. Certainly, we're going to continue to invest in service and repair capabilities, really building out the platform, the technology and the integrations. 32:45 We talked about investments in digital first in the prepared remarks, that's a really important priority for the organization. Obviously, it drives efficiency longer term, but it radically improves the customer experience, so that's a big priority. We've got several new client launches that are planned that obviously take a significant amount of energy to get right and make sure we execute and deliver. And then investment in longer term growth, new capabilities around the connected home, around innovation to drive new product bundles, a new cross-selling opportunities, and I would say further scaling capability in Europe and Japan. 33:21 So there's a lot of areas that we're trying to focus on. There is a significant amount of long-term growth potential across all of our product line. So I would say, a pretty balanced set of opportunities.
Michael Phillips: 33:35 Okay, thanks. That's all, but I’m sure we will get a lot more details in a few weeks. You mentioned this in the opening comments as well, maybe a little more detail here. Is the expenses that you've incurred from the T-Mobile rollout that was kind of pushed into 4Q and some now, end of this year. Is that going to be more of a 1Q issue or that continue at that same level as we get past 1Q 2022?
Keith Demmings: 34:03 Yeah, I would say it will moderate from what we saw in the fourth quarter. We did a great job, that was a lot of work as you can imagine, staffing up 500 stores over the course of really 4 or 5 months and then training, onboarding all of our leadership, all of our technicians. It’s just an incredible effort. I would -- First thing I would say, it underscores our ability to not only adapt to changing consumer preferences, but then drive significant focus on execution as a company and we did the same unit repair launch while we were migrating all of the Sprint business and while we were staffing up to manage all of the Sprint business as well separate from same unit repair. So a significant lift, certainly in fourth quarter. I would say, it came in broadly in line with expectations in the quarter and it will certainly moderate as we get into 2002 as we look to -- the first and second quarter, we'll certainly see more investment going forward and it will taper as we get through the rest of the year.
Michael Phillips: 35:07 Okay. Thanks, Keith. One last one and a more high level question if I could. You continue to outpace the market and growth and renters policies pretty significantly. Maybe you can talk about that. And is that something that you think you can continue to do over the long term? It's pretty significant growth there versus the ramp in market in general. So –and you've done it for quite a while. But I guess should we expect that to continue for the foreseeable future.
Keith Demmings: 35:35 Yeah. I mean we've been really pleased with the performance this year, but as you say, over time really good strong consistent growth and also growing market share. I mean, if you look back over the years, and we'll talk more about that, I'm sure at Investor Day as well. But really strong overall share gains in the market. And we've seen a lot of good trends as well. The product is -- the attachment rates on the products have gone up over time and that's certainly helping. We've grown our relationships with property management companies. And I certainly expect us to continue to drive policy growth and revenue growth going forward. That's another business that we're investing significantly in trying to evolve how we deliver services. 36:21 Thinking about investments in technology, investments in customer experience, digital integration with our partners and then thinking about other services that we can add that are relevant for renters. So, really excited about that business long term and certainly expect momentum to continue as we move forward.
Michael Phillips: 36:40 Thank you. I appreciate it.
Keith Demmings: 36:42 Great, thank you.
Operator: 36:44 Your next question comes from the line of Tom Shimp from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Tom Shimp: 36:50 Hi, good morning. Congrats on the strong quarter. So, very strong growth in Global Automotive in the past, you've spoken about the increase in attachment rates from the high '30s to the high '40s, given the increase in prices and technology. Given the chip shortage, there has been a number of reports of buyers paying over sticker for new cars, and we've got used car prices up as much as 40%. So, do you believe this is having an effect on attachment rates? And maybe you could just give some general thoughts on whether the pie is getting bigger? Whether Assurant is getting a bigger piece of the pie, or both?
Keith Demmings: 37:26 Yeah. I think Assurant is definitely getting a bigger piece of the pie. I would say that, attachment rates have probably drifted up more because of the mix of business that we've seen a shift between new and used and we tend to see slightly higher attach rates on used vehicles. So if you think historically, we've had a 50:50 mix roughly between new and used cars. Today, it's probably 55% used, 45% new. So that would create a little bit higher overall blended attach rate. I wouldn't say that it's significantly change otherwise, we've seen good strong consistent performance. And as always, it's a focus for our clients. We've gained market share, no doubt, in the market that we've seen a lot of consolidation in the industry. We're partnered with a lot of large publics, a lot of large dealer groups and they're gaining share through acquisition, I think we've seen more acquisitions in 2021 in terms of the big publics. And then also our franchise dealers have been investing heavily in digital and also sourcing a lot more used car inventory directly from consumers. So a pretty significant improvement in terms of the performance of our clients. And then I'd say we've also won new clients as well in the market and it's a very fragmented market today. So there's still a lot of opportunity for share gain over time.
Tom Shimp: 38:55 Okay, great. Maybe moving to mobile. There has been a lot of moving pieces in 5G after what seems like a delayed rollout. There is an uptick in 5G promotions and activity around that potential catalyst, but then we recently had the delay in 5G implementation due to the FAA. So maybe you could frame for us how to think about the potential benefit from 5G? Whether it's total covered mobile device count or trade in volumes? How should we think about the cadence of the benefit to ‘22 earnings and the years that follow?
Keith Demmings: 39:27 Yeah, we had a significant success in 21 certainly with trade in volumes at all-time highs. And that's partly due to the acquisition of HYLA and then due to a number of other factors. You point out the promotional activity from clients, obviously, the migration to 5G, we've seen clients put more focus and energy on trade in. Obviously, it's got sustainability benefits, which is really important. It also provides digital access to consumers at more affordable rate. So there's a lot of reasons why I would say trade-in is generally growing as a category. We're seeing a lot more interest around the world with different partners. So from that perspective, I feel really good about that trend continuing. 40:16 And then in terms of 5G, specifically I'd say we're still fairly early in the cycle. You've got maybe 20% to 30% of postpaid customers in the key markets that we operate that have migrated to 5G networks. So there's still a lot more opportunity as consumers continue to upgrade devices and adopt 5G. So we will see continued promotional activity and we'll see a lot of trade-in volume as we move through 2022 that certainly underpins some of our thinking with our Connected Living growth. And then I think we'll see more globally as this continues to get focused.
Tom Shimp: 40:55 Great. Thank you for your answers.
Keith Demmings: 40:57 Thank you.
Operator: 40:59 Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: 41:06 Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: 41:07 Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. You had mentioned that you're looking to evaluate perhaps alternative risk strategies in Global Housing, maybe lay off a material portion of your catastrophe exposure. As I understood you to say, I had thought that had kind of been put to bed. But it sounds like you're still working on it, still evaluating it. Could you talk about what you're thinking is there? How serious that initiative might be?
Keith Demmings: 41:44 Sure. And maybe I'll start just reinforce a little bit about the business and then I'll address your question. I mean, I would just highlight, it's a really unique high-performing business. If you think about the cash flows that generate out of our housing business and the important role that we play in the mortgage value chain. So we're really proud of the business and the result that’s delivered. And I would say if you look at housing overall. We talk about targeting of 17% to 20% ROE after a normal cat load. If you look at 2021, we actually had $114 million of cat losses, so more than what we would consider our normal cat load and still delivered a 16.5% ROE. 42:28 So, broadly really strong business, great ROEs and it generates a ton of cash flow. So we really like the business for a lot of different reasons. In terms of the comments around the cat exposure, I would say, we're always looking for ways to optimize the cat exposure. You've seen a pretty strong track record of reducing risk over the years and that's not just as we've grown other parts of the company, we've significantly grown parts of housing and then obviously Lifestyle, which don't have much of any cat exposure at all. We've also dramatically reduced our per event exposure from $240 million to $80 million over the years and then a lot of other decisions around multi-year coverage, exiting certain non-strategic cat-prone markets, et cetera. So you've seen a lot of discipline that will no doubt continue as we move forward, but we are always looking to see if there are further ways to optimize. 43:27 Is there a risk-reward trade-off that we can work with reinsurance partners in a different way to further mitigate the risk, further mitigate the volatility and try to drive the right most efficient optimal outcome. And we're going to continue to look at that. I wouldn't say there's anything imminent that we're doing other than -- this is normal course for us and it's very important for us to be thinking about our reinsurance and our cat risk all the time.
Mark Hughes: 43:55 And then you had made, I think, a point of saying that you were looking for a balanced mix of investments in share buyback. If I did the simple person and said, if you look at free cash flow for 2022 is it half share buyback, half retained for investments or M&A.
Keith Demmings: 44:15 Yeah. We will spend more time on capital management, certainly at Investor Day. I would say a couple of things. We're not trying to signal a dramatic shift in our philosophy, that's point number one. We continue to be extremely disciplined as we think about capital management. So that's not going to change. And ultimately, we're trying to maximize returns. I think what we're more trying to signal is an interest in maintaining greater flexibility. There is lots of attractive opportunities in the market to drive growth and we want to have a little more flexibility to try and evaluate the best alternatives, but obviously being extremely disciplined with how we think about long-term value creation. So we'll talk a little bit more about our expectations for capital deployment in a few weeks, but that would probably be the bigger takeaway from me.
Mark Hughes: 45:10 Yeah. And then just one if I may. You talked about expanding the Connected Home, does that suggest an appetite or maybe a broader home warranty exposure?
Keith Demmings: 45:27 Yeah, I think we're -- where we play today around the Connected Home is more around the connected technology, the appliances, the electronics that side of the business. We don't really have home warranty within our portfolio today, and that's a big competitive market. There are many strong players in that space. So I think there is an opportunity more uniquely for us as we think about building bundled subscription services to protect more broadly consumers connected technology and other products that they have in their homes. So that's more of the angle that we think is appropriate for Assurant. And we'll talk more about that at Investor Day, but we definitely see interesting trends, a lot of appetite from consumers. We operate with a broad range of distribution partners, so there is a lot of interesting bundled services that we think we can bring to bear for sort of the connected consumer of the future.
Mark Hughes: 46:26 Great. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: 46:27 Thank you.
Operator: 46:30 [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS Financial. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: 46:43 Good morning, Brian.
Brian Meredith: 46:44 Good morning. A couple of questions here. Firstly, I’m just curious on the repair centers in T-Mobile stores. Is that an exclusive deal? Or could you roll that out to other customers? And what is kind of in the inquiries you perceived on doing that? I think that a lot of the other customers would be really interested in that type of a program.
Keith Demmings: 47:04 Yeah, I think you're right. And we've certainly -- and you've seen it with our investments dating back a few years, right? We invested in and bought a company called CPR. We also bought Fix. So we have lock in repair facilities operated by Assurant. We've got come to you repair technicians as well and now for T-Mobile operating within their store. Definitely I think we'll see more and more interest from clients around the world as they think about the appropriate repair strategy and claims fulfillment strategy for each brand. So, definitely it's client by client in terms of what's most appropriate and what vision do they want to create for servicing consumers, but I definitely expect to see more appetite over time.
Brian Meredith: 47:48 Great. And then I'm just curious, one quick one on the catastrophe reinsurance program renewal. It sounds like fairly similar structure to the program. What about the cost of it? What was the additional costs associated with it?
Keith Demmings: 48:03 Yeah. And I would say we're really pleased with the renewal that we got. And Richard I know works closely on it, maybe share a couple of thoughts, Richard.
Richard Dziadzio: 48:13 Yeah, I think as we've said before on renewals in the beginning, we have to invest. And then as we go along we make profits over time. And it's gone really well so to date, I mean, to date. Our partners can deliver better solutions for our customers with what we're doing. So it's not just in service repair. I would say today we've covered most of it through the end of the year, we're probably about 2/3 of the coverage being placed. And we'll place the rest of it in the year as you know. And we had success in the pricing of it. We have a pretty stable reinsurers and if we look out in the market we had some reinsurers that -- has some insurance who have trouble placing. We placed 100%, we placed it at the low end of the market as well. It ranges from anywhere from 5% to 30% on reinsurance. So we've done a really good job.
Brian Meredith: 49:13 Got you, got you. So towards the low end of the market. Great.
Richard Dziadzio: 49:17 Yeah. Single – I’d put it in the kind of the mid to single digits overall. So in a really good place.
Brian Meredith: 49:24 Terrific. Good outcome. And then I guess this is my last and maybe you’ll be touching this in Investor Day. When I think about your 8% to 10% EBITDA ex-cat guidance for 2022, should I think about that is more margin driven or revenue driven?
Richard Dziadzio: 49:43 I mean we're – certainly both. I mean, we are grow revenues as a company, but we're also expanding margins if you think about the makeup of our business. We typically have grown profitability at a quicker pace than we've grown revenue, just based on some of the ways that revenue flows through the P&L. So I do expect to see margin expansion in terms of the breadth of services that we deliver to clients over time. So defiantly growing revenue but growing margins quicker than revenues which is typically been the case.
Brian Meredith: 50:17 Great. Thank you.
Keith Demmings: 50:21 Thank you.
Operator: 50:21 And your final question comes from the line of Grace Carter from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Keith Demmings: 50:28 Good morning. Grace.
Grace Carter: 50:30 Hi, good morning. Looking at the guidance for amortization of intangibles next year. I was wondering if we could clarify any assumptions regarding bolt-on M&A that are included in that estimate? And just given recent market volatility, if we could talk about just the outlook for bolt-on M&A opportunities in the Lifestyle business? And if valuations are any more attractive now than they were a few months ago?
Richard Dziadzio: 50:56 Maybe Keith, you want to take the first part in terms of the next year?
Keith Demmings: 51:00 Perfect.
Richard Dziadzio: 51:01 Yeah, just to start with the numbers. I mean, it doesn't -- the numbers that we've given in the earnings outlook really doesn't include any future acquisitions we buy, it's really the current acquisitions we've done and how it kind of rolls forward. So I would just say, remember, we've done deals at the end of last year where we have HYLA and AFAS. And that's going to be running through.
Keith Demmings: 51:28 Yeah. And in terms of M&A, obviously, we're always looking in the market for attractive opportunities and valuations certainly move around. We've seen really high expectations at times and more tempered than others, but I would say, we're definitely interested in acquiring strategic capabilities. You've seen us do I think some really good strong foundational acquisitions. If I think back to The Warranty Group, which was a big scale play, gave us a great overlap with our current geographies and really a global leading position around auto. The acquisition of HYLA, that really scaled us as the global leader in trade-in. Right on the front edge of the 5G super cycle, you saw the acquisition of AFAS, which gave us real strength in the US auto market to complement the acquisition of The Warranty Group. And then some of the mobile acquisitions I talked about, CPR and Fixed really just important capabilities and set the foundation for what we're doing today with T-Mobile. 52:32 So I think we're going to continue to look for those types of acquisitions. And we always try to find multiple ways to win. How do we get access to new clients or new distribution channels, new capabilities that can wrap around the services that we already provide and then clearly looking for low risk in terms of integration, execution and financial performance. So we're always looking for those types of deals. That's why we want to maintain flexibility. But as you've seen, we will continue to be disciplined and we will try to find really strategic opportunities to drive that growth.
Grace Carter: 53:11 Thank you. And just another one. Looking at the housing adjusted EBITDA guidance for next year. It sounds like the combined ratio might drift a little below that historical guidance of 86% to 90%. I was just wondering how sustainable maybe a combined ratio below that could be? And just how we should think about that going forward, just given ongoing changes in the mix of business with Multifamily Housing Kind of outgrowing lender placed?
Keith Demmings: 53:45 And Richard, do you want to talk a minute on that?
Richard Dziadzio: 53:48 Yeah, I think the historical guidance that we gave 86% to 90% is a long-term measure. And I would kind of base things on that. Obviously it depends on the mix we have within the business. And I think you're exactly right, as multifamily grows that kind of comes into the waiting on it. But I think what's more important to is, there is one part which is the combined operating ratio, the 86% to 90%, there is a second part which is the premiums. 54:20 And as we see markets changing over time, as we see the forbearance moratorium is running off and we see the inflation in average insured values and whatever. I think we're going to see premiums move up as well. So in terms of profitability, when we're talking about lender placed, for example, we are talking about looking at higher -- better performance in next year. And that is going to be driven by higher average insured values, the non-cat loss ratio staying at about current levels and that will help profitability overall. And in addition to that, obviously, we're working our expenses as we go along and the operation of efficiencies that we cited are helping the bottom line as well.
Grace Carter: 55:08 Thank you.
A - Keith Demmings: 55:09 Great. Thanks, Grace. And thank you everyone for participating in today's call. We're very pleased with our performance in 2021 and excited for another year of profitable growth in 2022. We're also looking forward to our upcoming virtual Investor Day on March 24, where we'll have the opportunity to share the Assurant vision, our strategy and multi-year financial objectives. So stay tuned for registration details coming out soon. And in the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. And thank you very much. Have a great day.
Operator: 55:44 Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 12:52:05) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Third Quarter 2021 conference call and webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. And the floor will be opened for questions. Following management prepared remarks. If you would like to ask a question at that time, please press star one on your touchtone phone.   Lastly, if you should require Operator assistance, please press star 0. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our Third Quarter 2021 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our Chief Executive Officer, Keith Demmings, our President, and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the Third Quarter 2021. The released and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com.  We'll start today's call with remarks from Alan, Keith, and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements.  Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release, as well as in our SEC report. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the Company's performance. For more detail on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results were strong driven by double-digit operating earnings growth in Global Lifestyle. The strength of our Global Automotive and Connected Living offerings continue to validate our long-term strategy of focusing on our higher growth, fee-based, and capital-light businesses. We continue to make progress in building a more sustainable Company for all stakeholders. During the quarter, a few key highlights included.  For the first time, Assurant was awarded a bronze accreditation by EcoVadis, one of the largest sustainability ratings companies writing Assurant among the top 50% of all 75,000 participating companies. In addition, this quarter, we provided additional transparency to track our progress on our journey to build a more diverse and inclusive assurance. With the recent disclosure of our EEO one report, which provides gender, race and ethnicity data by job category for our U.S. based employees.  We believe a diverse and inclusive workforce will best foster innovation, a key ingredient to sustaining our out-performance longer-term. Looking at our financial performance year-to-date, net operating income per share, excluding reportable catastrophes, was $8.75, up 12% compared to the first 9 months of last year. Net operating income and adjusted EBITDA, also excluding cats, both increased by 10% to $528 million and $862 million respectively.  These results support our full-year outlook of 10% to 14% growth in net operating income per share, excluding your portable catastrophes, marking our 5th consecutive year of strong, profitable growth. Given year-to-date results and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we would expect to end the year closer to the top half of this range. We've also now completed our 3-year $1.35 billion capital return objective from our 2019 Investor Day, a quarter ahead of schedule.  Following the close on the sale of Global Preneed in August, we've also made meaningful progress in returning an additional $900 million to shareholders. Our 2021 EPS outlook is driven by at least high single-digit net operating income growth excluding catastrophe, as well as sharing purchases. Turning to our business performance in Global Lifestyle we are on track to grow adjusted EBITDA by double-digits in 2021 from $637 million in 2020, driven by Global Automotive and Connected Living. We have benefited from the stable recurring revenue stream of our installed base of mobile subscribers. And our success in launching additional offerings and capabilities for mobile carrier cable operator, OEM, and retail clients globally.  Additionally, our mobile trade-in and upgrade business and expanded service delivery options are increasingly important to our profitability, and also in providing a differentiated and superior customer experience. Within Global Automotive, we've benefited from increased scale, growing the number of vehicles we protect by 20% over 52 million since The Warranty Group acquisition in 2018. We believe auto will continue to be one of our key growth businesses in the future. In Global Housing, we continue to be on track for another year of better-than-market returns with an annualized operating ROE of nearly 15% for the first 9 months of this year.  This includes $113 million of catastrophe losses, which further demonstrates the superior returns at this differentiated business. Our countercyclical lender placed insurance business remains an integral part of the mortgage industry framework in the U.S. Within lender place as we renew existing clients and add new partners, we will continue to enhance the experience through the ongoing rollout of our single-source processing platform. Our multifamily housing business now supports over 2.5 million ventures across the U.S. and has more than doubled earnings since 2015 through our strong partnerships with our affinity and property management Company clients.  Our investments in digital capabilities such as our coverage 360 property management solution, continues to drive more value for our partners and an enhanced customer experience. Overall, we believe our portfolio of high-growth, fee-based, capital-light offerings and high return Specialty P&C businesses sets us apart as a long-term outperformer and sustained value creator for our shareholders.  With my retirement at year-end, I wanted to take this opportunity to thank all of our stakeholders that have supported Assurant 's strategic vision and path over the last 7 years. Most of all, I'm humbled by our 15,000 employees who through their dedication to serve our clients and our 300 million customers worldwide, have successfully transformed assurance.  Together, we have significantly strengthened our Fortune 300 Company that should continue to deliver above-market growth and superior cash flow. With our president, Keith Demmings succeeding me as CEO in January, I'm confident Assurant will accelerate our strategy and continue to differentiate our superior customer experience will further deepening client relationships. I'll now turn the call over to Keith to review our key business highlights in greater detail for the quarter. Keith?
Keith Demmings: Thank you, Alan. And good morning, everyone. On behalf of our employees, I wanted to express our sincere thanks to Alan for his leadership as CEO. I've been fortunate to have had a front row seat and a role in supporting Alan's vision and the transformation of Assurant. Importantly, he has continued to evolve the purpose of our Company to drive value for all stakeholders, customers, employees, communities, and shareholders. The impact he has had on our people and the overall culture of our Company has been exemplary.  And I appreciate Alan's personal mentorship and partnership and wish him the very best in his retirement. As we build on assurance momentum over the long term, I believe our talent and innovation will be critical factors to achieving success and growth, especially as we focus more on the convergence around the connected consumer. From a talent perspective, Assurant has developed a deep and diverse bench of internal leaders.  A few weeks ago, I announced our refreshed management committee effective in January, including 2 new leadership appointments illustrating our strong bench. First, Keith Meier, our current President of International, will succeed Gene Mergelmeyer as Chief Operating Officer, as Gene will be retiring at year-end. Gene 's significant contributions to Assurant over the last 30+ years, including as COO over his last 5 years, have been instrumental in creating market-leading positions, producing profitable growth, and transforming the organization.  In succeeding Gene, Keith Meier brings nearly 25 years of experience at Assurant to the COO role. Since 2016 as President of Assurant International, he's driven growth across our global markets most recently with strong success in Asia-Pacific. In this new role, Keith will be focused on advancing Assurant's business strategy and market leadership positions, as well as identifying additional opportunities to deliver a superior customer experience. Second, Martin Jens will become President of Global Automotive.  With over 30 years of experience, he currently leads the transformation and growth strategy for auto and has been instrumental in our introduction of innovative new products like EV One, our electric vehicle warranty protection. In addition to emerging opportunities and innovation, Martin will be focused on driving growth and improving the customer experience, including working with our partners to deliver best-in-class dealer training.  These two new appointments along with recent appointments of Biju Nair as President of Connected Living, and Manny Becerra as our Chief Innovation Officer, as well as the other management committee members, represent a strong team to help lead us into the future. In addition to talent, innovation is an important strength of the organization. Not only the development of new digital products and offerings for our clients, but also through new paths to grow and scale Assurant's businesses.  Within Connected Living, innovation was a significant theme this quarter through ongoing enhancements of our mobile service delivery options. As part of the recently finalized multiyear contract extension with T-Mobile, we're expanding the services Assurant provides to continuously improve the customer experience for millions of T-Mobile customers. As of November 1st, Assurant is partnering with T-Mobile to begin the nationwide rollout of in-store device repair services to approximately 500 stores provided by Assurant 's industry-certified repair experts.  In addition, we have also transitioned all of the legacy Sprint protection subscribers to the new T-Mobile device protection offering. As a result, this significantly adds to our mobile device count, now at roughly 63 million as of November 1st. Overall, the expansion of our service delivery options is critical to sustaining our competitive advantage. We also recently signed a multiyear renewal with Spectrum Mobile, continuing to provide a comprehensive device protection program, which includes trade-in, premium tech support, and Pocket geek mobile. Assurance on-device diagnostic tool.  With the renewal, we will also be expanding the offering to include Pocket Geek Privacy, which enables consumers to better protect and manage their personal information online through various features. This is another example of how we're able to grow by adding services and capabilities to existing clients. In addition, the mobile business continues to see strong attachment rates given the increased reliance on mobile devices, as well as rising device prices. Our fee driven trade in an upgrade business, including the previous acquisitions of Hyla and Alegre have performed extraordinarily well already this year as we enter the early innings of the 5G upgrade cycle.  In fact, almost a year after the transaction of Hyla closed, I'm happy to report the acquisition has performed better than expected ahead of the low-teens forward EBITDA, the acquisition was valued on. With the growing availability and popularity of 5G enabled smartphones, we expect to see our 30-plus trade-in and upgrade programs continue to grow. Our progress is demonstrated through our ability to manage large-scale programs with superior technology. This is further supported by increasing our attach rates for trade-in programs as our clients’ promotional efforts encourage consumers to upgrade.  Overall, we have processed nearly 18 million devices so far this year, reducing e-waste, and increasing digital access with high-quality, affordable phones. Through the scale and capabilities of our trading and upgrade programs, we benefit from an additional source of profits and improved client economics and customer retention. This quarter, we are pleased to announce that we have signed a multiyear contract extension with AT&T to manage their device trade-in program.  This includes providing analytics, as well as device collection and processing for all of their sales channels, including retail, B2B, dealer, and direct-to-consumer. AT&T was a key client added with the Hyla acquisition, and we look forward to continuing to do business with them, specifically as we help support the growing adoption of 5G-enabled devices. In Global Automotive, policies increased by $4 million or 8% year-over-year and production is well above pre -pandemic levels as we continue to take advantage of our scale and talent.  So far this year, the business has also benefited from strong used car growth, which tends to earn faster than new car sales. This along with the fact that earnings from the business are recognized over a multiyear period, provides good visibility into future performance of the business. As we drive innovation within auto, we continue the global roll out of EV One, an electric vehicle and hybrid protection product from North America.  EV One has now been rolled out in 7 countries. While the electric vehicle market is still in its infancy, our EV1 product will allow Assurant and opportunity to better evaluate customer demand and leverage our learnings to position us well for the expected increase in electric vehicle adoption in the future.  Our multi-family housing business grew policies by 7% year-over-year from growth in our affinity partners, as well as our PMC relationships, where we continue the rollout of our innovative Cover360 product. In addition, we have seen other digital investments create opportunities for future growth. Our newly designed digital sales portal, which makes it faster and easier for residents to sign up for a policy, is driving significantly higher product attachment rates.  Our new portal has seen an increase in conversion rates versus our legacy website that was first introduced last year. In summary, our ability to strengthen Assurant's talent and innovation supported by critical investments has and should continue to drive momentum for the future. I will now turn the call over to Richard to review the third quarter results and our 2021 outlook. Richard.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Keith. And good morning, everyone. As Alan noted, we are pleased with our third quarter performance as our results reflect strong growth across Global Lifestyle and solid earnings in Global Housing. For the quarter, we reported net operating income per share, excluding reportable catastrophes of $2.73, up 5% from the prior year period. Excluding cats, net operating income, and adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, each increased 4% to $162 million and $262 million, respectively.  Now, let's move to segment results starting with Global Lifestyle. The segment reported net operating income of $124 million in the third quarter, a year-over-year increase of 16%. Growth was driven by Global Automotive and continued earnings expansion within Connected Living's mobile business. In Global Automotive, earnings increased $8 million or 21% from continued global growth in our U.S. national dealer and third-party administrator channels, including contributions from our AFAS and international OEM channels.  Better loss experience in select ancillary products and higher investment income also supported earnings growth in the quarter. Connected Living earnings increased by $6 million or 9% year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by continued mobile subscriber growth in North America and better performance in Asia-Pacific, as well as higher trade-in volumes led by contributions from our Hyla acquisition and carrier promotions. This quarter, Global Automotive and Connected Living results also included a modest one-time tax benefit that improved earnings.  For the quarter, Lifestyle 's adjusted EBITDA increased 17% to $177 million. This reflects the segment's increased amortization resulting from higher deal-related intangibles for more recent transactions in mobile and Global Automotive. IT depreciation expense also increased, stemming from higher investments. As we look at revenues, Lifestyle revenues increased by $158 million or 9%. This was driven mainly by continued growth in Connected Living and Global Automotive.  Within Connected Living, revenue increased 10%, boosted by mobile fee income that was driven by strong trade-in volumes, including contributions from Hyla. Trade-in volumes were supported by new phone introductions and carrier promotions from the introduction of new 5G devices. Higher revenue from growth in domestic mobile subscribers was offset by declines in runoff mobile programs.  Mobile subscribers were up slightly year-over-year and flat year-to-date as mid-single-digit subscriber growth in North America was offset by declines in other geographies, mostly due to three factors. First, the 750,000 subscribers related to a runoff European baking program previously mentioned, which is not expected to be a significant impact in our profitability. Second, subscriber growth for existing programs moderating in Asia-Pacific. And third, a slower-than-expected recovery from the pandemic in Latin America.  In Global Automotive, revenue increased 8%, reflecting strong prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. Industry auto sales remained elevated in the third quarter and we benefited from this trend as reflected in the year-over-year growth of our net written premium by 12%. We have though seen this trend began to normalize beginning into the fourth quarter. For the full year, Lifestyle revenues are expected to increase modestly compared to last year's $7.3 billion, mainly driven by global auto and Connected Living growth.  For all of 2021, we still expect Global Lifestyle as net operating income to grow in the high single-digits compared to 2020. Adjusted EBITDA for the segment is expected to grow double-digits year-over-year, which continues to grow at a faster pace in segment net operating income. As previously reported, we began our investment in the T-Mo in-store repair capability this quarter. However, due to the timing of the rollout, most of our associated start-up costs will occur in the fourth quarter.  These costs primarily relate to technician hiring and parts sourcing. We do expect these costs to meaningfully impact Connected Living's profitability as we end the year. In addition, we expect our effective tax rate to return to a more normal level, approximately 23%. Looking ahead to 2022, we expect earnings expansion to continue, but more likely at more moderated levels as we continue to invest for growth, including additional implementation start-up costs for in-store service and repair.  Moving to Global Housing, net operating income excluding catastrophe losses was $81 million for the third quarter. Including that $78 million of pre -announced catastrophe losses, mainly from Hurricane Ida, net operating income totaled $3 million. Excluding catastrophe losses, earnings decreased $19 million due to anticipated higher non-CAT losses, which returned to levels more in line with historical averages.  As a reminder, favorable  losses in 2020 were not representative of historical trends in third quarter 2020 mark the lowest point of last year. Mainly driven by last experience within lender-placed and specialty products. The year-over-year earnings decline was nearly all driven by unfavorable non-CAT loss experience from several factors. Largest Trivor, which contributed close to half of the increase, was from the expected normalization of the non-GAAP loss ratio.  The balance of the decline was split relatively evenly between increased reserves related to our special PP&E offerings, primarily in our on-demand sharing economy business, as well as higher claims severity. Claims severity included moderate impacts from inflationary factors, such as higher labor and material costs.  Where there is always a lag, if this trend continues, we would expect higher loss cost to be offset by increased rates over time. In multi-family housing, underlying growth was offset by increased investments to further strengthen our customer experience, including our digital-first capability. Global Housing revenue decreased slightly year-over-year from lower specialty P&C revenues, as well as account reinstatement premium resulting from Hurricane Ida and lower REO volumes in lender place.  This was partially offset by higher average insured values and premium rates and lender-place and growth in multi-family housing. We continue to expect Global Housing's net operating income, excluding cats to be flat for the full year compared to 2020. For the fourth quarter and into 2022, we would expect non-CAT losses to continue to be above 2020, but in line with year-to-date 2021 experience, which is consistent with long-term trends. We also continue to monitor the REO foreclosure moratoriums and any additional extensions that may be announced.  At corporate, the net operating loss was $21 million, an improvement of $4 million compared to the third quarter of 2020. This was driven by two items. First, lower employee-related expenses, and third-party fees. And second, expense savings associated with reducing our real estate footprint. In the fourth quarter, we do anticipate a higher loss due to the timing of spend. For the full-year 2021, we now expect the corporate net operating loss to be approximately $80 million driven by favorable year-to-date results, mainly from the one-time tax and real estate joint venture benefits. In the second quarter. This compares to our previous estimate of $85 million. As we look forward to 2022, we would expect our net operating loss in corporate to be closer to $90 million more in line with historical trends. Turning to the holding Company liquidity, including the net proceeds from the sale of Preneed in August we ended the third quarter with over $1.3 billion, well above our current minimum target level. In the third quarter, dividends from operating segments totaled $127 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, we also had outflows from three main items.  $323 million of share repurchases, $39 million in common stock dividends, and $11 million mainly related to Assurant Ventures investments. In addition to completing our 2019 Investor Day objective, a returning $1.35 billion to shareholders from 2019 through 2021, we have also completed roughly one quarter of our objective to return $900 million in Global Preneed sale proceeds through share repurchases. For the year overall, we continue  quick update on Assurant Ventures, our venture capital arm. In the third quarter, three investments in our portfolio in public via SPACs.  We are pleased with the results as the 3 investments exceeded 7 times multiple on investment capital under their respective SPAC transaction terms. These transactions combined with strong performance in the broader Ventures portfolio, led to a $75 million after-tax gain growing through net income in the quarter. In addition to strong returns, these investments also provide key insights into emerging technologies and capabilities within our connected consumer growth businesses.  Before turning to Q&A, I too would like to take a minute to thank Alan for his partnership over the last 5 years. In addition to positioning Assurant for long-term success and growth, he's created an environment of inclusion and community, truly representative of our core values, common sense, and common decency. Alan, I wish you all the very best in retirement. Well-deserved. And with that, Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. . Again, we do ask that while you pose your question that you pick up your handset 
Unidentified Analyst:  new potential per device and just kind of the bottom-line profitability for those new devices relative to your $53 million in forced devices at quarter-end?
Alan Colberg: Sure. Maybe I will take that and backup for just a second. So, first thing I'd emphasize is just the strong partnership that we've had with T-Mobile for many years, which is obviously scaled significantly over time. We're extremely pleased to have reached multiyear extension. And then the migration of the Sprint customers on November 1st along with the ramping of same-unit repair inside of 500 T-Mobile stores is obviously very exciting as we look to the future.  As we've discussed on previous calls, it's not uncommon for us to forgo economics when we re-contract with major clients. That's particularly true if the client scales dramatically over time, which obviously is the case
Keith Demmings: with T-Mobile. As a result of the new agreement going forward, we do expect lower per unit economics. But I would say that once we get same-unit repair fully ramped and normalize our performance, which will take some time, we do expect overall to be able to more than offset the margin pressure with the additional Sprint volume with economies of scale within the business, and obviously, with the addition of the additional in-store repair services. And we're really well-positioned as partners as we -- Company -- to see at that point in more detail.  But I would emphasize, our goal, as it has been, is to deliver long-term profitable growth, to increase our market-leading positions. And really focus on long-term value creation for our investors. And we intend to maintain at this. When capital management philosophy. But also looking to invest in growth organically and certainly somewhere organic as well. But we'll come back in Investor Day and share of broader vision around the -- around the future.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, and this is Alan, though the one thing I would add to Keith's comments if you think about our Company, we've always had a great business that generates earnings. That business level that we can then upstream to the holding Company. And going back since our IPO, we've been very strong stewards have companies’ capital over the last 20 years. I think that's going to continue fully. Under Keith leadership as we go forward, I don't see any major changes in the ability to generate cash and then to manage it appropriately for shareholders.
Keith Demmings: And we do remain committed to returning the balance of the $900 million from Preneed that we've talked about previously. So, we intend for that to continue as planned and get that done within 12 months of the close of the Preneed transaction as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners.
Alan Colberg: Good morning.
Gary Ransom: Yes. Good morning. I also had a question on the cover devices. I mean, you -- we've had a period of a couple of years where it's been flattish in covered devices and you explain that on your prepared remarks. Now we've got essentially in one month, this 20% jump or so, and I'm, I'm just trying to think through how that might roll forward if we're -- are we getting an unusual share of it in this first step of the roll out or -- I don't know. Can you give us any color of how that might unfold going over the next the rest of this year and into next year?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. So, we migrated all of the Sprint customers effective November 1st, so all of that volume is now enrolled in Assurant's program going forward. Obviously, we'll continue to see growth through the overall partnership as T-Mobile continues to win new customers in the marketplace, and continues to add insurance to those customers' accounts. So, this does create a really interesting long-term opportunity for growth.  And as we've demonstrated over many years, we continue to innovate, not just around the products, but services, capabilities, how can we invest more around delivering exceptional customer experience. And certainly, a partnership with T-Mobile that is now significantly more scaled, we believe it's going to yield more opportunities to partner together for the future. But as we've talked about, there's a trade in terms of economics between what's our per unit fee that we're going to get relative to a much larger base of customers.
Gary Ransom: Right. Okay. And is there any remaining drag from the other things you mentioned internationally where things were running off or not growing as much?
Keith Demmings: No. I think we've seen a little bit of a slowdown in growth if we're talking specifically about mobile, just as we've come out of COVID in a couple of regions, primarily Latin America, a little bit in Europe as things have opened back up. But overall, really, really strong performance in the U.S. market and the Japanese market and really do see good long-term growth for that business overall in international as we continue to scale over time.
Gary Ransom: Okay, thank you. And then the other count statistic you gave is the autos covered in the Global Automotive and that was growing very well. And again, trying to think through how that might continue forward. Is there anything that has Momentum there that we might expect to see additional growth in those numbers going forward?
Keith Demmings: Yeah. I would say that the overall industry sales on the auto side remained quite elevated as you saw our covered policies increased a lot, $4 million and 8% from last year. But I would also highlight sales production was well above pre -pandemic levels, so we're seeing really, really strong performance. We achieved almost $1.2 billion of net written premium when you look at the quarterly results. I would say that began to normalize a little bit from where we were in the first and second quarter.  But it was only modestly down from Q2, up 12% over 2020, and actually up 27% over 2019. So that would certainly expect to taper off going forward because obviously constraints around supply chain that's affecting new car sales. But those constraints have been more than offset by the volume that our clients are doing on the used side of the business, which has been very dramatic and overall leading to elevated levels of sales.
Gary Ransom: Thank you. If I could squeeze in a couple of numbers questions, there were a couple of items that were mentioned that you didn't really quantify was the tax benefit that helped the numbers in Global Lifestyle and you also mentioned in housing the reinstatement premium. Are those -- can you help quantify those are all?
Richard Dziadzio: Hi. Good morning, Gary. It's Richard. Yeah. I mean, in terms of the tax benefit, it was about $4 million and then the reinsurance, the reinstatement premium, I think that was about $7 million.
Richard Dziadzio: Exactly.
Gary Ransom: And just to be clear, the $99 million of pretax cuts does not exclude that reinstatement preview, correct.
Keith Demmings: In terms of the reinstatement premium, no, it actually does. And if you look at the numbers we have, a retention of $80 million and the total cut impact for us in the quarter was $87 million. So that comes through on that for either.
Gary Ransom: I got it. Okay. Thanks very much.
Keith Demmings: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tom Shimp from Piper Sandler
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Tom.
Tom Shimp: Hi. Good morning, guys. So, I'm thinking about the roll out of your EV1 product corresponding transition to the electric vehicle. How do the attachment rates compare -- for this product compared to the internal combustion engine? There's a lot of -- there's good amount of tech in those EV cars, but they do have less moving parts. So, how do those dynamics affect the attachment rates that you're seeing?
Keith Demmings: It's a great question. It's -- I would say it's really early in terms of scaling around electric vehicles, in terms of the service contract programs. You're correct there. There are less moving parts. There's a lot of technology. Some of the parts tend to be very expensive to get repaired. So, we may see lower frequency, we may see higher severities. There's also a little less certainty in the minds of consumers around the reliability of all of the technology.  So, we do expect to see strong performance over time. I would say it's really early and it will evolve as we start to see more and more EVs in market. And as we start to see our clients maturing around, not just selling electric vehicles, but attaching F&I products and services. So, this will evolve, I think, over the next few years quite dramatically.
Tom Shimp: Okay. So, inflation, it's top of mind for insurance investors right now, Assurant operates in businesses that have attracted more attention regard to inflation parts and labor costs and automotive chip shortages in mobile global housing. Housing as a risk-based business where you have inflation exposure that you can mitigate with rate but I think a lot of investors who look at Assurant are your typical insurance investor and sometimes misunderstand to the extent of which the risk in mobile and automotive is ceded off to clients and how it operates on a fee like basis. So, I think investors understand this dynamic exists, but not the degree of which. So maybe you could give us your thoughts there and how assurances is positioned in an increasingly inflationary environment.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. And maybe I'll offer a couple of comments and then I'll ask Richard because his team's done a lot of work on this question, but I think you're right. I mean, we think our risk is quite well insulated, and mitigated based on the deal structures that we have on the lifestyle side, most of the deals are reinsured or profit shared. Not all of the deals, but we've been pretty insulated in terms of seeing volatility there. And then obviously, as we look at housing, as you talked about, there are opportunities with rate increases. insured values, and then investment income will obviously be a big driver as we go forward. Richard, stunning full analysis to look at the net overall. So maybe talk about that, Richard.
Richard Dziadzio: Sure. Thanks, Keith. And I think you sort of bolted on the main points. When we look at it, I would say short term in this quarter, we mentioned that severities were up a little bit, probably a quarter of the whole change in a non-CAT loss ratio. Those severities are really labor and claims costs increasing there. But over the long term, I think we're -- we look at it maybe being slightly positive, at least neutral because what happens, I mean, Keith mentioned the reinsurance that we have with our clients on the fee-based side.  So, there's a large sharing of profitability on that side of the business, but then on the P&C side where housing, whatever where we are taking on the claims and the risk. There's two things that would happen. Lender place, we have advert insured values would go up. So as the prices of housing goes up -- go up with inflation, we would see an increase in our premiums to the average insured value. Also, over time, we would be able to recover a large part, if not all of that, through our rate filings.  So, we feel that obviously insulates us quite well. And then finally with inflation over time, we would anticipate that interest rates would increase and we would get an uptick in our investment income. So overall we're not looking at it as being any type of significant negative, anything it's neutral could be a small positive.
Tom Shimp: Okay. Thank you for your answers.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question. And is coming from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Alan Colberg: Hey. Good morning, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Morning, morning, morning. So, I'm just curious, in Global Housing, I know early on we were thinking maybe we'd see an increase in placement rates towards the end of this year. Obviously, forbearance kind of hurt that. Now that that's gone, what is your kind of views with respect to placement rates there? Will you -- we ever going to see a pick-up?
Keith Demmings: Yeah, I think we signaled a modest change in placement rate this quarter, mainly driven by the mix. So, I'd say it's broadly flat. I would expect -- as we look to maybe the back half of '22, we'd start to see an increase modestly in the placement rates over time, expect servicers to actively work with borrowers on loan modifications to keep the loans performing. There's so much strength generally in the housing market. Customers have positive equity in the home.  So, I think a lot of that activity will delay some of the placement rate from flowing through. And certainly, same thing's true on foreclosure side as well that will affect the REO business. So probably second half of '22 would be our best estimate on when we might start to see that coming through the portfolio.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then second question, just curious, the reserve increases that happened in the quarter, what was that related to in the specialty PC?
Alan Colberg: This is Alan. Maybe let me take that one and give a little bit of history on what we're doing there. So, in specialty, we have a variety of products, things like antique auto, a little bit of the international property we right. And we also, a few years ago, started to do a couple of on-demand products related to really following the consumer as they own and rent their home in their car and trying to really build off of our experience and our own rental and the franchise that we have there. And what we're really doing today is we're ensuring. Your short-term transaction.  So, think about you're renting your home, or you're using your car to make food delivery. And what we're excited about with that business, and I'll answer the question directly. Both -- it's a new distribution channel for us. If you think about, we can embed some of our capabilities around rental into a rental of a home. And then what's particularly interesting is the gig economy. And if you think about the workers who are now delivering food or using their car to provide services, it's an interesting opportunity for us to drive not that product as much as our other products, our service contracts, our mobile capabilities, our renters, insurance.  So that's really been the genesis of what we're doing there. In terms of the reserve this quarter, it’s affecting really maybe, but $5 million I think was the amount and its really development on prior reported claims. So, think of it as to catch up to align with all of our future expectations. And then over the last couple of years, as we've gained experienced in this business, we've been modifying our product structures. We've increased rates and we put in place extensive reinsurance so that will never -- we don't anticipate having any significant on material losses from this business. In fact, it's been a very well-performing business for us over the last couple of years.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And I assume you would get a lot of reinsurance on it and protections on it.
Alan Colberg: We do. We've got very strong structures there and it's really for us, we are trying to do the same thing we do in Auto and Mobile generally, which is making it into administration and feed business as we manage around a consumer transaction.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then my last question, just curious, so I take a look at the Global Lifestyle, there's a lot of moving parts happening here, I guess going into fourth quarter when I think about kind of the pre -tax margin on that business and obviously the additional subs coming in at a lower revenue per sub, and then you've got the investment coming in. We think about margins in that business declining here as we look into fourth quarter in 2022,
Keith Demmings: And I think as we look at overall profits in Lifestyle and in Connected Living, we do expect to see growth in Q4 over Q4 last year and continue to see growth into 2021. We had --- as you saw, a strong third quarter for Connected Living, up significantly over last year. So, I think that continues in Q4, even with the additional investments that we need to make to really not just stand up, same-unit repair, but make sure that we're executing and delivering to a really high standard. And then as we think about 2022, yeah, we expect overall. We'll see some moderation but we still expect to see strong growth across both the Lifestyle and housing businesses.
Brian Meredith: So good solid operating income growth still, it's just maybe some pressure on margins, but its top-line growth and more than offset that. It's what I think I hear you saying, right?
Keith Demmings: Correct. Yeah. The per unit economics are going to are going to look a little lighter, but the overall economics are going to be strong.
Brian Meredith: Terrific. Thanks so much for the answers and all the best in your retirement.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Mike (ph).
Michael Phillips: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Thanks. Good morning. Richard, when you talked about the impact in the fourth quarter from the roll out expenses from T-Mobile, I guess -- Anyway you can help us quantify that meaningful impact. And then B, is it just a 4Q or any of that extended into 1Q next year?
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Mike. In terms of quantifying it, I guess I would say we've given sort of aggregate -- an aggregate indication in terms of where we think Lifestyle is going to come in all year, and we talked about being a high single-digit. So, if you really look at last year where we came in and look at high single-digits, it will give you a pretty good view of where we think -- sorry, where we think, Lifestyle is going to come in for the full year, and part of that decrease is going to -- is based on the increase in the setting up the service and repair and investments that we're making in Connected Living broadly.  So that will be in the fourth quarter. And then we would anticipate some coming in next year. So, I mean, in terms of rolling into next year, there will be some amount of big amount -- biggest amount I would say it would be in the fourth quarter of this year. We are thinking a few million and ramp up quite a bit into into the fourth quarter. So, we are talking in terms of millions here in terms of doing it.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. And I would just add. In addition to the startup costs really ramping, doing all the recruiting, the training, the hiring, and getting all the build-outs done, there is also just the ongoing evolution of the service that we're going to deliver which inevitably will change and evolve over time as we continue to work with T-Mobile to optimize that experience.  So, I do expect some investments in 2022, partly supporting the rollout to completion, but also ramping execution and investing in our technology to make sure that we're delivering services seamlessly as possible. So, you definitely would expect to see some investments as we continue to shape this part of our business going forward.
Michael Phillips: Okay, that makes sense. Two more kind of quick ones, I guess then. On the labor and material costs and the severity there, talked about that quite a bit. I guess a follow-up. Richard, you said if things continue -- I think you said if things continue, obviously that could be offset in the future by higher rates over time. Does that mean you're currently pricing in for that or still kind of waiting to see how that plays out?
Richard Dziadzio: Some of it's currently coming through. Every year in our contracts, we get an increase what we -- what I refer to as average insured value. So that's embedded in the contracts. We look at inflation. And we do get some increase in the overall premiums from that. When I was talking about the trends over time and the rate filing, one, we can't put in a rate filing for one quarter. When we file rates, it's based on averages over a couple of years.  So that's really for inflation to come in the lasting and have an impact on the non-CAT loss ratio. It would need to come -- would need to happen over time is what I was referring to there, Mike. And then we would put it in and then you get it. So, there is a lag but it would be offset over time, is what I was saying.
Michael Phillips: Okay. That makes sense. I guess last quick one. Was any impact in the quarter on your sub -- mobile sub numbers from the T-Mobile cyber -attacks like on this?
Keith Demmings: Now, I would say nothing meaningful that we're aware of or that we saw. I mean, we had -- we have a really strong base of customers and I don't think we saw anything of note that I'm aware of.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities.
Keith Demmings: Good morning, Mark.
Alan Colberg: Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Congratulations, Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Mark Hughes: The -- can you refresh me on the revenue model for the in-store business that T-Mobile, is it kind of time and materials? Is it repair per device? Hourly reimbursement? How does that work?
Keith Demmings: It's a great question. It's -- I would think of it as fee income oriented, and getting paid for the labor that we perform. And then for -- from the management of the overall program, we don't really have risk around how the business performed from our parts and labor other than we get stated fees and we've got to manage ourselves within those levels to drive profitability.  So, I think it's a really, really well-structured financial deal and our interest are very aligned. And it's very motivated around delivering an exceptional experience in the store. So, I feel really good about not just the deal that we put together but how we're working together with T-Mobile to really change the industry.
Mark Hughes: And are they going to be advertising it? How are customer is going to know that the prepare capabilities available?
Keith Demmings: Well, we obviously manage the claim process within consumers and now that's what the entire base T-Mobile subscribers. So, we'll be directing customers as appropriate to take advantage of really the best option that's available to them to get repairs done. So, I think it will be largely through our claims flow, but also through T-Mobile awareness campaigns, etc.
Mark Hughes: And then Richard, I think you all have addressed this to a degree, but any more adjectives or maybe even numbers you might throw when you're talking about 2022. Earnings expansion to continue though at more moderate levels, I think you also referred to strong growth in 2022. Anything else you want to add to that?
Richard Dziadzio: I wouldn't want to jump in Investor Day, and when we talk about our outlook next year, I guess I would say two things. I mean, we're -- Steve heard during the call, we're really -- we're really pleased with where we are across our set of businesses, whether it be the growth that we're seeing in Global Auto. the extension that contract, the T-Mobile, the growth other elsewhere domestically in the U.S and mobile in Japan and mobile. And also, in the housing business. You see that we do seem to be at a bottom with placement rates.  Now, when the forbearance and Foreclosure period will end, it will be a slow take up. We continue to grow in multi-family housing, so we think we're well-positioned for 2022. Having said that, as Keith mentioned, we still need to continue to invest in ourselves and in our business and it's not like we're without headwinds in terms of some interest rates or inflation. But I really feel good about where we are as a business totally. And I think Alan's put us in a good position to succeed over the future under Keith's leadership.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jeff Schmitt, from William Blair.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Schmitt: Good morning. How much of the increase in fee income in Connected Living was due to highlight acquisition? Obviously, there's kind of a weak comparison to, but just curious how much of that is organic growth maybe driven by the 5G upgrade cycle versus Hyla being added to the mix
Keith Demmings: I would say Hyla's been performing exceptionally well. So, as we look at what's happened since close, trading volumes are up significantly. We've seen obviously not just demand from 5G significant client promotions where trade-ins are the main incentive being used. Increasing attach rates and just I think pent-up demand coming out of the pandemic. So, we talked about the performance of the acquisition 50% better than we modeled based on '21. So, we're thrilled with how it's going, but more than that really excited about the integration, how well that's working, our ability to protect talent, obviously a significant renewal of a major relationship with AT&T.  And then as you think about the overall volumes process, we talked about 18 million devices so far this year. That compares to 14 million for full-year 2020, and that's overall, in total, combining high land assurance. So yes, high-low as a big driver of fee income, but we've also seen growth on what I would call the legacy assurance side of the trading business as well. And similar trends are happening across clients and across the market. So, it's a really strong time for trading in the global market.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay. Great. And then the same-day service capabilities you've touched on that quite a bit of rolling it out with T-Mobile here a few days ago it sounds like. Did -- how much of those capabilities being affected by labor shortages right now? I don't know if you touched on them, but just curious how you're managing that in the current environment.
Keith Demmings: Our team has done an incredible job. We've been working on this for many months, trying to acquire the right labor in various markets around the country. I would say our team, the recruiters that we're partnered with, some of the incentives that we've put in place to get the best talent. It's worked really well. Not to say there aren't challenges of course there are but our teams have, have partnered really well with third-parties as well as what T-Mobile to make it happen.
Jeff Schmitt: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is coming from Grace Carter with Bank of America.
Alan Colberg: Hey. Good morning, Grace.
Grace Carter: Hi. We've talked a lot about structural tailwinds or attachment rates in mobile devices, one of them being rising prices. I was wondering, in kind of this more inflationary environment that we're looking at, if you've seen any sort of tangible impact from the inflation impact on pricing, driving up attachment rates at all, and to the extent that we continue to see a bit of higher inflation, if you think that that should have any impact going forward?
Keith Demmings: Yeah, that's a great question. I would say maybe a little bit on the auto side if you think about really more of a mix shift point. So used cars tend to attach at slightly higher rates than new cars. And we've also seen obviously accelerating value on the used car side, which makes protecting the vehicle a higher likelihood.  So, we have seen a little bit of a mix shift there which is benefiting the overall attach rate. I would say broadly though, pretty steady, pretty strong across the board. So, nothing that I would signal as being a really dramatic, but certainly good strong results.
Grace Carter: Okay, thank you. And then just kind of a quick follow-up to that, we've seen attachment rates across mobile devices and cars going up over the past several years. Do you think that there is an eventual ceiling on how high attachment rates can go? I mean, what's kind of the long-term target there, I guess?
Keith Demmings: I think it varies by market, by geography. Some markets attach just based on consumer perception, consumer demand at higher levels. I definitely think we're -- we've got robust levels of attach rates broadly. I think they could still go up over time, certainly. I think awareness for the programs, the value proposition for our products continues to improve.  The service delivery and the options for consumers and how much more convenient and important the services to them today than it was a few years ago. I think all of those elements can drive in a more attach rates in the future, so still some upside but really robust if I look at in mature markets. And then certainly growth opportunity in more of the emerging or more nascent markets.
Grace Carter: Thank you and congrats to Alan.
Alan Colberg: All right, thank you Grace.
Keith Demmings: Thank you everyone for participating in today's call. In summary, we're very pleased with our year-to-date performance, and we're excited about the opportunities we have to serve our partners, our end consumers while delivering results for our shareholders. I look forward to officially taking the CEO role in January and updating you on our progress on the fourth quarter earnings call in February.  We're also hard at work and anticipating Assurant 's 2022 Virtual Investor Day, which we expect to hold on March 24th and more details will be forthcoming in the weeks in months ahead. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Gene Mergelmeyer (ph) with any follow-up questions. Thank you all. And have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and good day. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Assurant Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in listen-only mode. And floor will be open for question following management’s prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Sustainability. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2021 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our Chief Executive Officer; Keith Demmings, our President; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the second quarter of 2021. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with remarks from Alan, Keith and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more information on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. We are very pleased with our second quarter results. Our performance so far this year across our Global Lifestyle and Global Housing businesses demonstrates the power of our strategy to support consumers connected lifestyle and continues to give us strong confidence in the future growth prospects for Assurant. Prior to reviewing our progress against our 2021 financial objectives, I wanted to take a moment to express my deep gratitude to our employees around the world, specifically for their continued dedication and support for all of Assurant's stakeholders during my tenure as CEO and especially over the last 18 months of the pandemic. Our talent is a great enabler of our company's growth and progress, and Keith Demmings' appointment as my successor is evidence of that. With a 25-year-long career with the company, Keith has a clear track record of success and personifies the values and integrity that are emblematic of Assurant's culture and he's a natural choice as our next CEO. His deep operational experience and strong engagement with clients has been instrumental in guiding Assurant's growth across the enterprise. As CEO, Keith will drive innovation through our connected world and Specialty P&C businesses. The completion of the sale of Global Preneed to CUNA Mutual Group marks another important milestone for Assurant as it enables our organization to further deepen our focus on our market-leading lifestyle and housing businesses. I would like to thank all of our former Preneed employees who have transitioned to CUNA Mutual Group for their tremendous support to Assurant and our clients and policyholders. As we look to the convergence of the connected mobile device, car and home, we believe our Connected Living, Global Automotive and Multifamily Housing businesses will continue their compelling history of strong growth into the future. Not only do our Connected World businesses have a history of profitable growth, more than tripling earnings over the last 5 years, we're also characterized by partnerships with leading global brands, broad multichannel distribution that provides consumers with choice, value and exceptional service and a track record of innovative offerings that have become industry standards. ESG is core to our strategy and sure we'll build a more sustainable Assurant for all of our stakeholders focusing on talent, products and climate. During the quarter, we continued to advance our ESG efforts as we work to create an even more diverse, equitable and inclusive culture that promotes innovation, enhances sustainability and minimizes our carbon footprint. We recently completed our 2021 CDP climate survey, our sixth annual screen submission, expanding this year to include Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions across several categories. The CDP survey is an important climate change assessment, which many of our key stakeholders rely on each year. Our efforts have led to recognition that we're proud of. During the quarter, Assurant was recognized as a 2021 honoree of the Civic 50 by Points of Light, distinguishing Assurant as 1 of the 50 most community-minded companies in the U.S. We are proud of our progress and believe the future of Assurant is bright. Together, lifestyle and housing should continue to drive above-market growth and superior cash flow generation, with the ability to outperform in a wide spectrum of economic scenarios and ultimately, continue to create greater shareholder value over time. Year-to-date, excluding reportable catastrophes, net operating income per share was $6.02, up 14% from the first half of last year and net operating income was $366 million, an increase of 13%. Adjusted EBITDA increased 12% to $600 million. These results support our full year outlook of 10% to 14% growth in net operating income per share, excluding affordable catastrophes. While we expect earnings growth in the second half on a year-over-year basis, our outlook for the full year assumes a decline in earnings from the first half, reflecting increased investments to support long-term growth in our Connected World businesses, lower investment income and increased corporate and other expenses due to timing of spending. Turning to capital. From 2019 through June of this year, we've returned to shareholders over 88% or almost $1.2 billion of our 3-year $1.35 billion objective. In July, we repurchased an additional 737,000 shares for $115 million and declared our quarterly common stock dividend for the third quarter, essentially completing our objective when paid. In addition to completing this objective, we expect to return $900 million in net proceeds from the sale of Global Preneed within the next 12 months, and therefore, expect buybacks to continue at a higher-than-usual level throughout the remainder of the year and into 2022. I'll now turn the call over to Keith to review our key Connected World highlights for the quarter. Keith?
Keith Demmings: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. I wanted to begin by expressing my thanks to Alan for his steadfast leadership and the successful transformation of Assurant since becoming CEO at the beginning of 2015. Through his strategic vision and intense focus on the evolving needs of our clients and end consumers, Alan and our team have solidified market-leading positions in our Connected World and Specialty P&C businesses, helped Assurant establish a strong growth, capital-light service-oriented business model where our Connected World offerings now comprise approximately two-thirds of our segment earnings and ultimately, work together to unlock the power of our Fortune 300 organization, prioritizing resources against initiatives with the highest growth potential and standing up key enterprise capabilities and functions, which we can now leverage across our growing client and customer base. As a result, Assurant is on track to deliver our fifth consecutive year of strong profitable growth. As I continue to work closely with Alan over the coming months, I'm also engaging with many of our key stakeholders, including shareholders and analysts, who have shared valuable perspectives as we define our multiyear plan. As I identify key focus areas, I will prioritize developing and recruiting top talent, investing strategically to sustain and accelerate growth through product innovation and new distribution models, differentiating us further from our competition through continuous improvement in our customer service delivery and supporting the investment community in better understanding our portfolio as we look to drive further value creation. Our long-term goal will continue to be to deliver sustained growth and value to all of our stakeholders. Our ability to deliver on these ambitions will require additional innovation and investments to ultimately provide a superior customer experience and deepen our client relationships. Innovation will continue to be a key differentiator for Assurant, especially as we evolve with the convergence of the connected consumer. As part of our ongoing commitment to delivering a superior customer experience with a range of service delivery options, we'll be further building out our same-day service and repair capabilities for which there is growing demand. This requires upfront investments, which we expect to accelerate in the second half of this year as we look to provide additional choice and convenience for the end consumer. These investments are critical to sustain our competitive advantage in markets like the U.S. As we look to continue our culture of innovation, you may have seen we recently announced two key leadership changes to support those efforts. Manny Becerra, a 31-year veteran of Assurant, who is instrumental in driving the growth of our mobile business, was appointed to the newly created role of Chief Innovation Officer. Given his many contributions to our success, including the development of our mobile protection and trade-in and upgrade business, he will bring dedicated resources to accelerate innovation across the enterprise to capitalize on the rapid convergence across our home, automotive and mobile products. Biju Nair will now lead our Connected Living business as its President. His strong track record of delivering profitable growth and client service excellence combined with his depth of experience, particularly as the former CEO of Hyla Mobile makes him the perfect choice. A prime example of how innovation has allowed us to deepen and expand client relationships as well as create new revenue streams is our long-standing partnership with T-Mobile. Over the past 8 years, we have worked together to offer their customers innovative device protection, trade-in and upgrade programs while further developing our supply chain services to support their mobile ecosystem. We are happy to announce that T-Mobile has extended our partnership as their device protection provider. While we are currently finalizing contract terms, we are excited about the multiyear extension of our relationship and our ability to continue to expand our services to deliver a superior customer experience. In addition to our innovation efforts, our investments over the past several years have supported our growth through the success of new and strengthened client relationships. After an initial investment in 2017, this quarter, we purchased the remainder of Olivar, a provider of mobile device life cycle management and asset disposition services in South Korea. While small in size, this acquisition enhances our global asset disposition capabilities and deepens our footprint in the Asia-Pacific region while complementing the recent acquisitions of Alegre in Australia and Hyla Mobile. These investments have enhanced our technology, operational capabilities and partnerships in the trade-in and upgrade market, positioning us to capitalize on the 5G upgrade cycle over the next several years. While later this year, the growing availability of 5G smartphones, combined with trade-in promotions, demonstrate increasing momentum for the upgrade cycle. For carriers, retailers, OEMs and cable operators, 5G offers an opportunity to drive additional revenue and gain market share. Strong trade-in and upgrade promotions have also led to higher trade-in volumes for Assurant as well as higher Net Promoter Scores and net subscriber growth within our client base. Our focus on our client relationships, combined with our willingness to innovate to enhance the end consumer experience, continues to create momentum for our businesses. Over the last few months, we have delivered several new partnerships and renewals throughout the enterprise, including the renewal of two key European mobile clients, representing 700,000 subscribers; renewal of 8 global automotive partnerships, representing over 10 million policies across our distribution channels; renewal of 3 Multifamily Housing property management companies, including 2 of the largest in the U.S. as we continue to grow the rollout of our Cover360 product; renewal of 3 clients and 2 new partnerships in lender-placed as we provide critical support for the U.S. mortgage market. In summary, I am very excited to lead our 14,000 employees into the future and build on the tremendous momentum created under Alan's leadership. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review the second quarter results and our 2021 outlook.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased with our second quarter performance, especially when compared to our strong results last year. For the quarter, we reported net operating income per share, excluding reportable catastrophes of $2.99, up 12% from the prior year period. Excluding GAAP's net operating income for the quarter, totaled $184 million. And adjusted EBITDA amounted to $298 million, a year-over-year increase of 12% and 10% respectively.  Our performance across Lifestyle and Housing remains strong and we also benefited from a lower corporate loss and higher investment income, primarily related to the sale of a real estate joint venture partnership. Now let's move to segment results, starting with Global Lifestyle. The segment reported net operating income of $124 million in the second quarter, a year-over-year increase of 2%. This was driven by growth in Global Automotive and more favorable experience in Global Financial Services. Earnings increased $7 million or 16% from continued strong year-over-year growth related to our U.S. clients across various distribution channels. Results within auto also included a $4 million increase from the sale of a real estate joint venture partnership. Absent this gain, investment income in auto was down. Connected Living earnings decreased by $9 million compared to a strong prior year period. The decline was primarily driven by less favorable loss experience in our extended service contract business. Mobile earnings were modestly lower. The less favorable loss experience in service contracts in mobile was primarily related to our European and Latin American businesses. These regions benefited from lower claims activity in the prior year period due to the pandemic. Our underlying mobile business continued to grow in North America and Asia Pacific from enrollment increases at mobile carriers and cable operators with an increase of over 1 million covered devices in the last year. In addition, contributions from acquisitions such as Hyla Mobile benefited results. For the quarter, Lifestyle's adjusted EBITDA increased 6% to $186 million. This reflects the segment's increased amortization related to higher deal-related intangibles for more recent transactions in mobile and Global Automotive. IT depreciation expense also increased, stemming from higher investments. As we look at revenues, Lifestyle increased by $169 million or 10%. This was driven mainly by continued growth in Global Automotive and Connected Living. Within Global Automotive, revenue increased 13%, reflecting strong prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. Industry auto sales continued to increase during the quarter, with April seeing record levels in the U.S. This was reflected in our net written premiums of roughly $1.3 billion in the quarter, the highest quarter ever recorded. Connected Living revenues were 7% for the quarter. In addition to growth in service contracts, mobile fee income was driven by strong trading volumes, including contributions from Hyla. For the full year, Lifestyle revenues are expected to increase modestly compared to last year's Auto and Connected Living growth. We continue to expect covered mobile devices to grow mid-single digits in 2021 as we increase subscribers in key geographies like the U.S. and Japan. This also reflects a reduction of 750,000 mobile subscribers related to a European banking program that moved to another provider in the second quarter. As we previously outlined, this is not expected to significantly impact our profitability. For 2021, we still expect Global Lifestyle's net operating income to grow in the high single digits compared to the $437 million reported in 2020. While we expect earnings growth year-over-year for the second half, earnings in the second half of the year are expected to be lower compared to the strong first half performance, primarily due to two items: First, investment were increased across Connected Living in the second half of the year, including our same base service and repair capabilities. While these investments will meet earnings growth in the short term, they are expected to generate growth over the long term. And second, that investment income will be lower as we are not expecting gains from real estate joint venture partnerships that benefited the second quarter in auto. Adjusted EBITDA for the segment is still expected to grow double digits year-over-year at a faster pace than segment net operating income. Moving now to Global Housing. Net operating income for the quarter totaled $94 million compared to $85 million in the second quarter of 2020 due to $10 million of lower reportable catastrophes. Excluding catastrophe losses, earnings were relatively flat as growth within lender-placed and higher investment income was offset by the expected increase in non-cat loss experience across all non-cat loss experience across all lines of business. Investment income included a $4 million increase from the sale of a real estate joint venture referenced earlier. Regarding the non-cat loss ratio, the second quarter of 2020 benefited from unusually low non-cat losses, including impacts from the pandemic. As anticipated, we saw an increase in the frequency and severity of claims in the second quarter. We also increased reserves related to the cost of settling runoff claims within our small commercial book. In Multifamily Housing, underlying growth was offset by increased investments to further strengthen our customer experience, including our digital-first capabilities. Within lender-placed, higher revenues and investment income were partially offset by unfavorable non-cat loss experience and declining REO volumes from ongoing foreclosure moratoriums. Looking at loans track, the 1.5 million sequential loan declined was mainly attributable to a client portfolio that rolled off in the second quarter. However, the decline in loans track, that should be partially offset by two new client partnerships in the quarter, which should enable us to onboard approximately 700,000 loans by year-end. We also continued to reduce risk within housing. At the end of June, we completed our 2021 catastrophe reinsurance program. To mitigate multi-event risk, we added a flexible limit that can be used to reduce our retention from $80 million to $55 million in certain second and third events or increase the top of the tower of $50 million in excess of $950 million in the rare case of a 1 in 174-year event. We also increased our multiyear coverage to over 50% of our U.S. tower. In terms of revenue, Global Housing's revenue increased 5%, primarily due to double-digit growth in Multifamily Housing as well as higher revenue in lender-placed, including higher premium rates and average insured values. As a result of the strong first half, we now expect Global Housing net operating income, excluding cat, to be flat compared to the $371 million in 2020. This is above our initial expectations that earnings would be down this year. Earnings in the second half are expected to be lower than the first half of the year, primarily related to three items: First, lower net investment income, particularly considering the real estate joint venture gain in the second quarter; second, lower results in our specialty P&C offerings after a strong first half; and third, continued investments in the business, particularly in Multifamily Housing to sustain and enhance our competitive position. We also continue to monitor through REO foreclosure moratoriums and any additional extensions that may be announced. At corporate, the net operating loss was $12 million compared to $29 million in the second quarter of 2020. This was driven by two items. First, lower employee-related expenses and third-party fees, which we expect to increase in the second half of the year; and second, we had $6 million of favorable onetime items including a tax benefit and income from the sale of real estate joint venture partnership. We also anticipate high spending second half of the year compared to the first half, due to an increase in recruiting and moderate travel and related expenses. As we expect to begin a phase two reentry of our workforce. In addition, third-party expenses are expected to increase due to acceleration and timing of investments. For the full year 2021, we now expect the corporate net operating loss to be approximately $85 million. This compares to our previous estimate of $90 million. Turning to holding company liquidity, we ended the second quarter with $353 million, which is $128 million above our current minimum target level. This excludes both the $1.2 billion in net proceeds from the sale of Preneed and the net proceeds from the second quarter debt offering, which were used for the July redemption of senior notes due in 2023. In the second quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $243 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, we also had outflows from three main items: $191 million of share repurchases, $42 million in common stock dividends and $17 million mainly related to mobile acquisitions, including Olivar and Assurant Venture investments. For the overall year, we continue to expect dividends to approximate segment earnings, subject to the growth of the businesses, rating agency and regulatory capital requirements, investment portfolio performance and any impact from a potential change in corporate U.S. tax rates. In summary, our strong performance for the first half of the year positions us nicely to meet our full year financial commitments while continuing to invest in our long-term growth. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions here for you. First, I'm just curious, the LPI customer that you lost, why did you lose that customer? Is it competitive reasons? I always thought that's kind of a pretty sticky business.
Alan Colberg: No, I think it is actually a very sticky business. If you look at that line of business over the last two or three years, we've renewed or early renewed almost all of the clients on occasion business does move. And as you saw in our prepared remarks, we did pick up two new clients that will begin to onboard as we move into Q3 and Q4. And the reason we've had such strong success has been our investments in both the customer experience as well as the client experience and making sure we're delivering a fully compliant product. But no, we feel good about LPI and are well positioned when the housing market does weaken.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then second question, I'm just curious, how are conversions going with respect to the T-Mobile and Sprint customers? And are you seeing a pickup in that at this point?
Keith Demmings: Yes. It's Keith, maybe I'll jump in. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we continue to be pleased with the progress of the ramp of Sprint customers. As T-Mobile continues to ramp and migrate Sprint to T-Mob products and rate plans, we continue to see additional enrollments into our programs. I would say it's happening, as we would have expected, largely on track. And we talked about the renewal and extension of our relationship. We're clearly really excited about our long-term opportunities with T-Mobile. We've had a great track record working together for the last 8 years, innovating in the market, adding new products and services. And certainly, as we think about Sprint continuing to ramp over time, we're really excited about working together to grow the overall business.
Brian Meredith: And then one last one just quickly here, probably for Richard. As we look at the capital management that's going to happen here over the next 12 to 18 months, a lot of stock to buy back. Do you all considered ASRs or celebrate share repurchase programs as a part of capital management?
Richard Dziadzio: Thanks for the question, Brian. I think a couple things first, as you heard in the remarks, we're really pleased to have put a check next to our $1.35 billion commitment, with the third quarter dividend that will be issued we'll meet that objective before time. So we're very pleased about that. We did close on Preneed and received the proceeds this week on that. And as we said earlier, we will be buying back our shares at about -- over the next 12 months, I would say. So that's going to be put in place very quickly. We consider all options, we think share repurchases is the best way to go.
Alan Colberg: And Brian, this is Alan. The one thing I would add is we're also excited that we were able to complete our expectation from the 2019 Investor Day with what we did in July and then the announcement of the quarterly dividend in Q3, we are now effectively done with that expectation and we can move on to returning the $900 million from premiums in orderly fashion as Richard just said.
Operator: And your next question is from Tommy McJoynt from KBW. Your line is open.
Tommy McJoynt: So that's great to see the T-Mobile contract renewal is underway. Are there any notable changes to the economics or contract terms or anything else with that multiyear extension that you would want to share with us? And just confirming that the contract for Sprint as well, which doesn't need to be separately negotiated.
Keith Demmings: Correct. Yes. So it's for the totality of T-Mobile's business as we move forward. We mentioned earlier, we're still negotiating the final details of the agreement. So more to come as we lock down some of the moving parts. In terms of economics, I'd probably make two points. First, I'd say that it's not uncommon for us to forgo some economics when we recontract with major clients. We recontract obviously, quite regularly, often think about the broader long-term potential of the relationships. The potential for additional volume and for offering new products and services over time. Specifically with respect to T-Mobile, given that the relationship continues to scale with significant volume from Sprint, we do expect to achieve lower per unit economics, but we expect that to be offset by significant volume growth and economies of scale within the overall programs. I would also say that we're well positioned as partners to help them introduce new products and services over time. We've had a great track record of expanding the services we provide over the last 8 years to continue to evolve to serve the consumer. And finally, I'd point out from a mobile perspective, we really are excited about our overall long-term potential to compete in this market across the value chain and from an efficiency point of view.
Tommy McJoynt: And switching gears a little bit. Would you characterize the loss in claim rates that we saw in 2Q as fully back to normal? Or should we still expect some kind of further normalization over the medium term, if you could answer that with respect to both Lifestyle and Housing, that would be helpful.
Alan Colberg: Yes, Keith, you want to take a Lifestyle, then I can comment on housing maybe.
Keith Demmings: Sure. And I think we obviously saw favorability if we look back to Q2 of 2020. We've seen that normalize quite a bit as we look at the results in this quarter. So for the most part, losses have sort of come back to a more normalized level. There's still some moving parts, I would say, within international. As we look at COVID and various lockdowns and how things are progressing in different markets. But overall, we're at a much more normalized level from a loss ratio point of view.
Alan Colberg: Yes. It's effectively the same in Housing. We had a better Q1 loss experience than we would have expected, just some of the lingering impacts of the COVID and the lockdowns in various parts of the economy. But in Q2, we're more back to what we expected, and we expect that will continue the rest of the year.
Tommy McJoynt: Then I'll just sneak one more in here. So with the strong second quarter and the first half of the year, it was a bit surprising to see the full year NOI guidance to be higher that you went through some of the puts and takes as to why the second half should be lower than the first half. If you were to see some upside, but where do you think it would be, kind of which cause would you most likely to see upside?
Alan Colberg: Yes. What I would say is, first of all, we're very pleased, obviously, with the first half and second quarter, very strong. In fact, probably a little better than we'd expected going into the year. If you think about what could cause us to exceed our outlook. First of all, we're still confident that we're in that range. But it would be things that are less within our control like what happens with the loss ratio in the market or could there be some other impact from COVID and the delta variants. But with all that said, it's a really strong first half. In the second half of the year, even as we've guided to be lower than the first half, we still expect to grow strongly versus second half of 2020. And the business is performing well, and we continue to expect that looking to the future.
Operator: And your next question is from Mark Hughes from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: You had a particularly good results in the automotive business. Could you maybe try to break out how much of that was just kind of strong rebounding economy versus new relationships, higher attachment rates? How much momentum does that give you in the second half in terms of new business?
Keith Demmings: Sure. And it's Keith, maybe I'll take that. I mean, overall, I would say we've seen healthy double-digit growth rates in car volumes from pre-pandemic levels. So yes, you're correct, a huge recovery in Q2 versus Q2 of last year. Obviously, Q2 of last year was quite depressed. This year was an incredible rebound. We saw a net written premium up 68% over the same quarter last year. But a lot of that is -- the depression last year and then a really strong quarter this year. If you look at it over 2019, which is sort of pre-pandemic normal, it was a 36% increase this year. So really, really strong. And yes, we're seeing strong attach rates in the business. We've seen a slight shift between new and used. So our new and used mix is normally around 50-50 or maybe 53% used today. Used tends to have slightly higher attach rates. Obviously, it earns a little bit quicker. We've seen our clients taking share through consolidation. We've seen clients expanding their used car operations, rolling out strong digital brands. So there's a lot of growth, I would say, within our core client base. And then certainly, we've added some new clients as well. But strong car sales, large clients that are gaining share and then winning some new deals in the market.
Mark Hughes: In the lender-placed insurance business, any issues around inflation in materials or labor?
Keith Demmings: Yes. It's interesting. We kind of have offsetting effects there. So if you think about our premiums, it's driven by average insured value. So as house prices rise and we issue new policies, those are going to naturally be at a higher premium rate. So we're getting some positive benefit there. The offset is cost of claims will rise as well. And ultimately, we'll be able to reflect our experience in future rate filings. But if you put it all together, we don't think it's particularly material to our business. It may not be perfectly aligned quarter-to-quarter those effects, but over time, not material.
Mark Hughes: The lender-placed insurance, your placement rates is the end of the foreclosure moratorium. Is that an important -- or how important an trigger is that for your placement rate? I know your REO is directly impacted, but are there other drivers that are restraining our placement rates based on government action. Could you just talk a little bit about that?
Keith Demmings: Yes. What I think you've seen over the last year or so is that our placement rate is roughly flat at this point, with really no significant trend up or down. And the good news is through the actions we've taken over the years, the business is in a really strong position. We're delivering great customer and client experiences. And if the -- it weakens, we will benefit and grow over time. So in terms of moratoriums and when they come off, if and when they do come off, we will see the impact with a lag. So even if they came off today broadly, which is -- there's still a lot to work through there and there'll be modifications and other things that will happen. We don't expect anything to happen in our placement rate this year, and where we could see an impact is when you get into 2022 and beyond. But I think the important takeaway on lender-placed is, we're still a clear market leader with a strong commitment to customer and client experience. And we will be there to partner with the world's leading U.S. as leading banks when the housing market weakens.
Operator: And we have a question from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Phillips: First question on the investments that you talked about and the impact of that in the second half of the year. But really, the question is when will we see the impact of that -- the benefits of those? Is that more -- you talked about growth potential, is that more top line benefits? Is it more margin benefits or both? And then when you say long term, kind of -- can you kind of put a time frame around it. Is that something we'll start to see benefits of those things in next year or even longer than that?
Keith Demmings: Maybe I'll take that one, Alan. So let me just clarify first the two buckets where we're making the investments or at least the most significant investments. So first we talked about is around same-day service and repair, this has been -- become a really important component of our value proposition. It's become more critical in the market demanded by clients, demanded by consumers and really improve the overall service experience. So we are going to be accelerating investments in the second half in terms of leadership personnel, in terms of technology and equipment. We're also working very hard to integrate our service delivery options seamlessly into the claims experience to really create a more dynamic claims process to give customers a better choice and options. That's, I think, critically important strategically for us. And I think we've got great advantages there today. So we're trying to accelerate those advantages in the market. That will drive revenue as we think about moving into 2022. We see this as a important opportunity to expand services with existing clients and also expand with new clients. In terms of the second bucket, I would say, operational investments that are focused on really the entire enterprise between both housing and lifestyle, investing more heavily in digital capabilities, self-service and automation. Think about things like digital sales and self-service portals, investing in our customer-facing applications integrating our communication channels, automating decisions around claims to make the process more efficient and more repeatable and then automating back-office tasks. We've got a fairly large project going across multiple lines of business and multiple geographies. And that will generate cost efficiency over time. But more than anything, it will create a much more seamless customer experience and I think make us that much more competitive in the market.
Michael Phillips: Two more, I guess, a quicker ones. What can you share about the cost or the impact on the cost of the reinsurance structure that Richard talked about?
Alan Colberg: Richard, do you want that take?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, maybe I can take that. The overall cost is going to be up this year from last year, but not that much. But essentially, what we did is we bought a -- what we call a second and third cover. So if ever we have an event that goes up into our retention -- past our retention on a second and third event, we actually go and reduce the retention down to $55 million from $80 million or if we didn't use that and there was a major event, it would help us at the top of the tower, too. So that will add a little bit, but it's a modest increase in our overall placement. And we were actually pleased to see that every year when we go to the market, we have a stable list of reinsurers that follow us. Think about 40 carriers being A- or better. And we are able to place our reinsurance on a kind of a like-for-like basis without this new feature I talked about at a little bit below where the market is. So we're really proud of what we've done with cat. And I guess the last thing I would say is the cat exposure that we have today is less than we had in previous years, given how we've been working on our cat exposure overall, but also the growth in our other businesses, Multifamily Housing, Global, Auto, Connected Living. So one of the things we mentioned in our press release earlier this year that, for example, in a 1 in 50-year event, back in 2017, we would have kept 40% of our earnings. Now in a 1 in 50-year event, we retained 70% of those earnings. So it would just show you the big change that's been made in our management of our cat exposure and the growth of the company elsewhere.
Michael Phillips: Last quick one for me. On the impact of rising home prices on the LPI premiums, is that true just for new policies or also for fire issue policies as well?
Alan Colberg: So for the new policies, it's obviously immediate. And when we place them for existing policies, it's on the renewal date. And these are annual policies. So it would happen on the renewal.
Operator: Your next question is from Jeff Schmitt from William Blair. Your line is open.
Jeff Schmitt: Could you discuss just how that legacy Sprint customer transition works. I believe they get an option to sort of switch over to the T-Mobile network if they want when they sort of trade in or upgrade their phone. Switching to mobile protection plan to Assurant, is that a separate decision? And do you have a sense on what that uptake rate is? How many are coming over versus kind of staying with what they have?
Keith Demmings: Yes, I would say that as they're moving customers on to T-Mobile product, T-Mobile REIT plans and services at that point, they're offering the customer the opportunity to enroll in insurance and effectively reenroll as they're enrolled today and that's automatically moving over to Assurant. So I would say, very typically, as that happens and as T-Mobile pushes more and more customers onto T-Mobile product, we're seeing the increase sort of one-for-one come through.
Jeff Schmitt: And then you'd mentioned that covered mobile device growth should start moving up here in the second half. I think you said mid-single digits. And I know it takes a couple of years for an account to mature, you kind of start at 0 there. But what are some of the newer accounts there that would drive that ramp up? Is that KBDI, the cable operators, how far into those relationships are you?
Keith Demmings: Yes. I would say the one thing to remember with the sub count is we did have a loss of client in Europe, a banking client for 750,000 subs. So that has moved down our sub count, which is why it's flat as we sit here today year-to-date, but we do expect it to be mid-single digits by the end of the year. And I would say largely the U.S. and Japan are driving the majority of that growth. And certainly, I think all of our clients in both markets are growing.
Operator: Your next question is from Grace Carter from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Grace Carter: I was wondering, since we saw growth in Global Financial Services for the first time in a little bit, does that have to do with the disruption last year at this time? Or is this an inflection point? And if we could just talk a little bit about the outlook for that segment.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think it's more to do with the disruption last year. Q2 was depressed. We had some additional losses related to some travel products in a couple of our markets. I some travel products in a couple of our markets. I would say as we look at the results today, there are more normalized which we think is a good jumping off point. We certainly have ambitions to grow that business over time. We're excited about the work that our teams are doing around the world, but it's mainly due to the depression in results last year.
Grace Carter: And then I was wondering with the Lifestyle business, given the recent concerns about the delta variant, if you all have seen any impact on your global supply chains in that business?
Keith Demmings: I think broadly, our teams have done an incredible job. We operate physical depots in many markets around the world. So making sure that we're able to perform essential services is critical, keeping our employees safe has been a priority. I think we've done a very good job of executing service. There's some parts disruption due to the chip shortages as we think about repairing devices. Our teams have done a really good job working with manufacturers to procure and acquire parts. Broadly speaking, we haven't seen much disruption to our business to date. Hopefully, that will continue as we move forward. But overall, this is a strength of Assurant. Supply chain is one of our key differentiators in the Connected Living business and really proud of the work the team has done.
Operator: And your last question is from Gary Ransom from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Gary Ransom: A lot of my questions have been answered. But I wanted to ask the -- a little bit broader question on the opening economy and recovering economy. You did respond a little bit on the auto market. But are there other parts of your business that you -- that will show more growth or be influenced significantly by an assumption that the economy continues to strengthen and reopen this year?
Alan Colberg: Yes. Maybe I'll start and talk a little bit about housing. And then, Keith, maybe you can add any more color on lifestyle. If you look at housing, our largest growth business is Multifamily Housing or our renters business. Arguably, in a market perspective, that was one of the most disruptive markets through COVID. But with that, we've still seen strong growth. So even with the disruption, even with the impacts on COVID, we've had a very strong growth in line with our long-term expectations in Multifamily. And driven in part by the strength of our partnerships, also driven by the launch of our new product, Cover360. If you looked at LPI, that business, as I mentioned earlier, is stable. We have a very strong base of customers and clients there. And if the economy weakens, we'll grow. So from a housing perspective, we've seen growth even through the disruption of COVID. And we would expect in a weaker market economy, we'll see growth, and we'll continue to see growth if the economy just chugs along. But that's housing, but let's go to Lifestyle, Keith.
Keith Demmings: I'd probably add that on the Lifestyle side, and particularly in Connected Living, we see really strong positive impacts from 5G. We talk a lot about our trade-in business. I would say trade-in is a really important part of our value proposition, something that our carrier partners lean quite heavily on to drive promotions in the market to try to get additional dollars in the hands of consumers to allow them to be able to upgrade to the latest 5G technology. We've seen obviously very aggressive promotions in that space, and we're supporting our clients scaling our operations. And I think doing an incredible job leveraging all of our acquisitions, think about Hyla, Alegre, all of our -- we've made several investments around trade-in capabilities. I think we've got a global market-leading position and this continues to be more important. We've seen dramatic increases in trade-ins in terms of volumes and promotional activity, but also the attach rates at point of sale and consumers' willingness and education about trade-ins has increased dramatically. So expect that to continue as we move forward in the year. Obviously hard to predict what will happen with COVID, but there's some pretty strong trends on mobile.
Alan Colberg: Yes. And if I just elevate to an overall Assurant level, and I mentioned this in the prepared remarks, we are well positioned and expect to outperform no matter what the external environment is. And the COVID really again demonstrated that resiliency of our business model, driven by the great value that we're bringing to consumers around the world. And with that, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. With the close of the sale of Global Preneed and our strong year-to-date performance, we believe we're well positioned for the future. We'll update you on our progress on our third quarter earnings call in November. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2021 Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2021 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the first quarter of 2021. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. As we continue to shift to a more fee income capital-light business mix, we introduced adjusted EBITDA as part of our restated financial statement in April. This is another important financial metrics for the company, reflective of our go-forward Global Lifestyle and Global Housing business. In addition, as of January 1, Global Preneed and the related entities included in the sale are considered discontinued operations and no longer included in our continuing operations as reflected in the earnings press release and financial supplement. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. We're very pleased with our results for the first quarter. We delivered double-digit earnings growth, driven by favorable non-catastrophe loss experience, including improved underwriting in Global Housing as well as continued profitable growth in our Global Automotive, Multifamily Housing and Connected Living businesses. Once again results demonstrated the attractiveness of our market leading Specialty P&C and Lifestyle offerings distributed across multiple channels. This is in addition to the compelling growth opportunities emerging across mobile, auto and renters. Together, these businesses represent what we refer to as the connected world. In 2020, our Connected World offerings represented 2/3rds of our net operating income excluding catastrophes and in combination with our Specialty P&C businesses will enable us to continue to expand our innovative offerings and deliver a superior and seamless customer experience. Generating over $1 billion of adjusted EBITDA in 2020, our business portfolio is well positioned to sustain above market growth and strong cash flows over time. And as we look ahead, we are continuously investing to bring innovation to market to build a more sustainable future for all of our stakeholders. To that end, we recently published our 2021 Social Responsibility Report highlighting the many ways we are delivering on our commitment as a purpose-driven company. We are continuing to advance our ESG efforts, specifically within our strategic focus areas of talent, products and climate. Further integrating ESG within our business operations will be critical as we look to create an even more diverse, equitable and inclusive culture that promotes innovation enhances sustainability and minimizes our carbon footprint for the benefit of all stakeholders. Recent notable examples include, we are increasing all U.S. hourly wages to at least $15 per hour by July, which supports the financial well-being of our employees. We've launched in assessment of our carbon footprint, including our investment portfolio and supply chain as a critical step to setting a future long-term carbon emissions reduction goal. And we further integrated sustainability into our offerings such as rolling out electric vehicle products globally and extending the mobile device lifecycle through trading services. With HYLA, we recently passed a significant milestone repurposing our 100 million device. This has extended the life of devices put billions of dollars back into consumers hands and prevented additional e-waste from ending up in our landfills supporting global sustainability. We are pleased with our progress and are proud of the recognitions we have received, including our inclusion in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index and America's Best Employers for Diversity by Forbes as well as being awarded the Best Place to Work in several of the key markets we operate. Sustainability and innovation go hand-in-hand. Recently, we surpassed $100 million invested through Assurant Ventures, our venture capital arm. This quarter several high-quality investments in our portfolio announced back transactions, including Cazoo, a fully digital U.K. car sales company and SmartRent, a smart home automation provider. Given current attractive valuations, these investments have the potential to generate strong returns while also providing strategic insight that support our connected world businesses, creating value-added partnerships and piloting new innovations. Now, let me share some first quarter highlights for each of our operating segments. We continue to see strong growth in Global Lifestyle, increasing earnings by 7% year-over-year. Over the years, we continuously invested in mobile capabilities such as same day local repair or come-to-you-to-repair for mobile devices, which provide another opportunity to drive value for our clients and the end consumer. Most recently in Connected Living, we further strengthened our product capabilities and customer experience through the acquisition of TRYGLE in Japan. TRYGLE develops and operates a mobile phone app that allows consumers to manage the lifecycle of their devices and centrally organizes digital product manuals for all connected products. Collectively, all of our investments have helped lead the 15 new client program launches since 2015. This includes partnerships with several U.S. cable providers including Xfinity and Spectrum as well as large mobile carriers in Japan like KDDI and Rakuten. Recently, we've expanded our global partnership with Samsung through the launch of Samsung Care+, a smartphone protection program in Brazil and Mexico. We expect to further extend this partnership globally. We will continue to build on the strong momentum we have with our global multi-product and multi-channel strategy bolstered by the additional investments we are making. As an example, HYLA Mobile added scale and technology capabilities to our global trade-in and upgrade business and has been performing even better than our initial expectations. We're now providing over 30 trading programs around the world. The acquisition positions us to benefit from favorable tailwinds in the global mobile market, including the upcoming 5G smartphone upgrade cycle and new client relationships. In Global Automotive, we continue to benefit from our scale and expertise as we now cover over 50 million vehicles. Already this year, we've seen a significant increase in auto production versus pre-pandemic first quarter levels. In the year since acquiring AFAS, we've combined our award winning training programs to create the Automotive Training Academy by Assurant. These expanded in-person and virtual programs will allow us to scale faster and adapt to the changing needs of dealers and automotive professionals. Within Global Financial Services, we've added a number of embedded card benefit clients recently, including the previously announced partnership with American Express. We look forward to enhancing these partnerships and building on our existing suite of products. Moving to Global Housing. Net operating income excluding reportable catastrophes grew 17% as we benefited from favorable non-cat loss experience, including improved underwriting results. Within our lender-placed business, we continue to play a vital role in supporting the mortgage industry as we track over 31 million loans. The business remains well positioned and we expect to benefit from investments in our superior customer platform over the long-term. Multifamily Housing increased policies by 9% year-over-year to almost $2.5 million as we continue to grow through our affinity partnerships and PMC channel, including seven of the top 10 largest PMCs in the US. We've also continued to grow our sharing economy offerings, which include car sharing, on-demand delivery and vacation rental. Over the last two years through our partnership with market leaders and on-demand delivery, we tripled the number of deliveries we protect over 1 billion deliveries. While it is too early to gauge whether the pandemic has fundamentally changed consumer demand for these services, we're encouraged by our momentum and the potential for future products and services in the gig economy. Now let's move to our first quarter results and our 2021 outlook. Net operating income excluding cats grew by 13% to $182 million and earnings per share increased 16% to $3.03, demonstrating improved results in Global Housing and continued momentum in Global Lifestyle. Given our strong performance in the first quarter and current business trends, we are increasing our full-year outlook for 2021. We now expect 10% to 14% growth in operating earnings per share excluding catastrophes versus our initial expectation of 9% EPS growth. EPS expansion from the $9.88 in 2020 will be driven by high single-digit earnings growth mainly from Global Lifestyle and the lower corporate loss. Results will also benefit from share repurchases, including the completion of our three-year $1.35 billion objective in the initial return of net proceeds from the Global Preneed sale. Our increased outlook largely reflects Global Housing's favorable non-catastrophe loss experienced in the first quarter. As such Housing's earnings are expected to be down only modestly year-over-year from what was a strong 2020. Looking at adjusted EBITDA, excluding catastrophes, the first quarter generated $302 million, an increase of 15% year-over-year. We expect adjusted EBITDA will grow at a modestly higher rate than net operating income in 2021. Turning to capital. We ended March with $332 million of holding company liquidity, after returning $80 million to shareholders through common stock dividends and buybacks during the quarter. And we expect to deliver on all of our commitments, sustaining our strong track record of capital return. In addition, throughout the year, we will continue to make strategic investments in our portfolio to position us well for sustained long-term growth. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review first quarter results and our 2021 outlook. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. As Alan noted, we are pleased with our first quarter performance as our results across Global Lifestyle and Global Housing remains strong. Before getting into our first quarter performance, I want to provide a quick update on the sale of our Preneed business. In March, we announced our plan to sell the business for $1.3 billion to CUNA Mutual Group. Since signing, we have completed the necessary regulatory filings and we remain on track to close the transaction by the end of the third quarter. Now let's move to segment results for Global Lifestyle. This segment reported net operating income of $129 million in the first quarter, an increase of 7% driven by Global Automotive and Connected Living. In Global Automotive, earnings increased $7 million or 18%, results included a $4 million one-time benefit as well as a gain on investment income related to a specialty asset class from our TWG acquisition which we don't expect to recur. Year-over-year, underlying performance was driven by another quarter of global organic growth from U.S. CPA and international OEMs as well as some favorable loss experience. Connected Living grew earnings by 3%. However, this was muted by a $7 million favorable client recoverable with an extended service contracts in the prior year period. Underlying performance was driven by mobile subscriber growth in Asia Pacific and North America. Higher trading results from increases in volume and contributions from our HYLA acquisition. For the quarter Lifestyle's adjusted EBITDA increased 11% to $193 million, 4 points above net operating income growth. This reflects this segment increased amortization related to higher deal-related intangibles for more recent acquisitions in Global Automotive and Connected Living. IT depreciation expense also increased, stemming from higher investments. Lifestyle revenue decreased by $85 million, this was driven mainly by a $98 million reduction in mobile trade-in revenue, primarily due to the contract change we disclosed last year. Excluding this change, revenue for this segment was flat. For the full year, we continue to expect Lifestyle revenues to be in line with last year at approximately $7.3 billion. As expected overall trade-in volumes, which flow through fee income increased year-over-year and sequentially. This was driven by four elements. New phone introductions last year, greater device availability, carrier promotions and contributions from HYLA. While the first quarter did benefit from strong mobile trade-in volumes, we do expect it to be a high watermark for the year, given historical seasonal patterns. Since year-end, we've increased covered mobile devices by 600,000 subs driven by continued growth in North America and Asia-Pacific. This year, we continue to expect covered mobile devices to grow mid single-digits compared to 2020 as we go subscribers in key geographies like the U.S. and Japan. As a reminder, we expect the growth rate of earnings to exceed the growth rate of covered mobile devices over time. As we benefit from offering additional products and services to our clients and their end consumers. For 2021, we still expect Global Lifestyle's net operating income to grow in the high single-digits compared to the $437 million reported in 2020. Growth will come from all lines of business particularly Connected Living. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment is expected to grow double digits year-over-year. Moving now to Global Housing, net operating income for the first quarter totaled $67 million compared to $74 million in the first quarter of 2020. The decrease was largely due to $22 million of higher reportable catastrophes mainly related to the extreme winter weather particularly from areas like Texas. Excluding catastrophe losses, earnings increased $50 million or 17%. More than 2/3rds of the increase was from favorable non-cat loss experience mainly in our specialty offerings, including sharing economy products. We estimate that approximately half of the favorable loss experience in the first quarter was from underwriting improvements, with the remainder of the benefit, driven by favorable loss experience, which we don't expect to recur. In addition, we saw continued growth in Multifamily Housing. Lender-placed results were up modestly, higher premium rates and favorable non-cat loss experience were mostly offset by declining REO volumes from ongoing foreclosure moratoriums. Looking at the placement rate, the modest sequential increase to 1.6% was attributable to a shift in business mix and is not an indication of a broader macro housing market shifts. Revenue decreased 2% related to a reduction in our specialty product offerings, which included the impact from the exit of small commercial as well as lower REO volume. This increase was partially offset by growth in Multifamily Housing, which grew 8% year-over-year driven mainly by our affinity partners. We now expect Global Housing's net operating income excluding cat to be down modestly compared to 2020. This reflects our stronger first quarter and the assumption of a modest increase in our expected non-cat loss ratio to more normalized level for the remainder of the year. We are also monitoring the REO foreclosure moratoriums in any additional extensions that may be announced. As we position for the future, we will continue to invest in some of the business to sustain and enhance our competitive position. At Corporate, the net operating loss was $22 million, which was flat year-over-year. For the full year, we continue to expect the Corporate net operating loss to improve to approximately $90 million as we eliminate enterprise support costs associated with Global Preneed. As we think about the remainder of the year for all of the Assurant, we are beginning to plan for a phase reentry of our workforce post-COVID and we are evaluating our real estate footprint to align with new business and employee need as we adapt to the future of work. This may result in additional expenses throughout the year. I also wanted to provide a quick comment on our investment portfolio. With Preneed moving to discontinued operations, our investment portfolio is now approximately $7.9 billion, excluding cash and cash equivalent. Given Preneed's relatively longer average duration of around 10 years compared to the rest of our business, following the sale of Preneed, our go-forward duration will drop to between 4.5 years to 5 years. As a result our interest rate sensitivity will be reduced by approximately 2/3rds. Turning to Holding Company liquidity, we ended the first quarter with $332 million, which is $107 million above our current minimum target level. In the first quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $183 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, we also had outflows from three main items; $42 million of share repurchases; $43 million in common and preferred stock dividends; and $10 million mainly related to the acquisition of TRYGLE and Assurant Venture Investments. Also in January, we redeemed the remaining $50 million of our March 2021 note. And our mandatory convertible shares converted to approximately 2.7 million common shares during the quarter. For the year overall, we continue to expect dividends to approximate segment earnings subject to the growth of the businesses and rating agency and regulatory capital considerations. We've now completed over 70% of our $1.35 billion capital return objective from 2019 to 2021 and remain confident that we will meet this objective by the end of this year. In addition, we expect to begin incremental buybacks prior to closing the Preneed transaction in the third quarter. The total buybacks associated with the net proceeds from the sale are expected to be returned within one-year of the transaction close. In the second quarter through April 30, we repurchased an additional 95,000 shares for $14 million. In summary, our first quarter results demonstrate the strength of our business and our capital and liquidity position. We remain focused on completing the sale of Global Preneed and delivering on our 2021 financial objectives. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Bose George of KBW.
Tom Michaud: Hey, good morning, guys. This is actually Tom Michaud on for Bose. Thanks for taking our questions. Yes, the first question is really just kind of about sizing up the rebound in contribution of the trade-in volumes. I know there's kind of a lot of moving pieces with the contract change, the HYLA contribution and it sounds like 1Q was a high watermark. So if you guys help us kind of frame how we should think about the contribution for the trade-in volumes going forward?
Alan Colberg: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then Richard certainly add-on. If you think about our trade-in and buyback business, we're now very a strong player after the acquisition of HYLA, we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have 30 plus programs that we operate around the world. You're right, Q1 tends to be the seasonal high for trade-in really driven by the launch of new phones late in the prior year. We expect activity to moderate through the balance of the year, but again that business is well positioned growing strongly and we have a lot of duty as the 5G wave develops, which is still very early and we expect that to develop later this year and into '22 really as the driver, but Richard anything you'd add on that.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I think, I mean overall we're in a really good place and as Alan said, Q1 we're looking at it as a high-watermark, but on the other hand, we have 30-plus trade-in programs. So we are encouraged by the momentum of the business and also what HYLA is adding to the mix of the Lifestyle business as well.
Tom Michaud: Okay. And so just kind of thinking about the balance of the year there is some easy comps, obviously with volumes have been depleted kind of and starting in 2Q ‘20. And so as we kind of think of the fees and other income line within Global Lifestyle. Is it reasonable to think of it being somewhat flat year-over-year, even after considering the contract change, which will hit the next two quarters?
Richard Dziadzio: And I don't think we've given a total revenue outlook for Lifestyle, but we have said that when we look at Lifestyle this year we will be looking at net operating income being in the high single-digits. So hopefully that should help you.
Tom Michaud: Okay. Yes, that will. Thanks. And then, just a second question, could you just talk about the growth in subscribers in terms of how much contribution is coming from T-Mobile and Sprint versus some of the other kind of providers including our cable providers which would seem to have been gaining share in subscriber account?
Alan Colberg: Yes. And again just to frame that for everyone. So what we've said for this year is, we expect subscriber growth in mobile to be mid single-digits and that's really being driven by growth in North America, which is coming from many different programs, including the ones you mentioned as well as growth in Asia Pacific, we are seeing a bit of a drag in Europe that's been ongoing as Europe has been more severely impacted by the COVID lockdowns. Also in Q2, we're going to lose a small program in Europe. We're having a banking program in mobile that's going to transition to another provider that's going to be a reduction of about 750,000 subs, but will have no impact on our bottom-line. So we factored that into that outlook as well as mid single-digit growth for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith: Alan, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about, we're getting closer to the mid-year reinsurance renewal what that looks like and specifically any additional thoughts with respect to trying to convert the lender-placed insurance business more to an MGA model and maybe specifically you can kind of get into what are the challenges and impediments in actually going to that type of a model?
Alan Colberg: Yes. Happy to talk about that. I think it's important when we talk about Housing though to start with. It's a really good business that's performing well. You saw the very strong 2020, good start to this year, over the last five or six years, we've really fine-tune the lender-placed business, we're now in a good position if there is housing market weakness. So I think that's an important backdrop. Now we have been taking many actions over the last few years to reduce volatility. So one of those was bringing retention down to 80 million per event that is now made, if we do have a severe cat season. It's not a business risk to the company at all, it's just a one-time kind of earnings impact. We've also done things like moving to a multi-year tower. I think as of January, we were up to 52% of the towers now multiyear that also smooths out the volatility. And then, we've been trimming exposure in areas where we don't feel like the risk return trade-off is attractive for true risk businesses like our exit of small commercial. And with that backdrop, we've been on a journey to become more credit light, it's something we look at every year. We look at all of our businesses every year. The challenge with it, it's harder to see how the economics work with reinsurance, given where we are already buying down to, so you need to come up with other structures those require a lot of earnings give up. And so it's not straightforward how you would actually do that and make sure that it was a good outcome for our shareholders. The other way we've been addressing it is just growing the rest of our company. And so, if you look at today our non-cat exposed businesses are now something like 75% of our earnings and growing much faster. And so over time, that's a dramatic shift in our exposure to what might happen with cat. So we certainly continue to work on it, but we feel like we've made great progress on it and we're not going to do anything that isn't really positive for our shareholders.
Brian Meredith: Great, thanks. And then, the second question, just curious on the other warranty business, what are your thoughts here as we progress through in 2021 on that business, obviously some pretty solid growth given what we've seen with respect to used car sales?
Alan Colberg: Yes. We're well positioned first of all in auto. After the Warranty Group acquisition and then the addition of AFAS, we're a clear significant leader in that business, we're now up to 50 million covered autos. We've seen production for our business recover fully and then some through pre-COVID. We mentioned I think Q1 '21 better than Q1 '19 in a significant way. So we feel good about that and what we're trying to also do in addition to just consolidated gaining share through our differentiated offerings. We mention the training academy for example in the call. That's another way that we can gain share over time. So we're seeing good results already strong underlying growth. Most of the benefit of that will be in future years as we realize the new cars converting out of warranty to our product, but well positioned, good momentum. And one of the other things we're looking at it, how do we bring some of our other differentiating capabilities like in what we do with premium tech support as cars become increasingly connected. We have real opportunity to innovate and bring really differentiated solutions in the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist.
Mark Hughes: On the multifamily real strong acceleration in growth this quarter, could you talk about what drove that?
Alan Colberg: There are really two things, maybe three things going on there. One, we have a series of strong affinity partnerships that we've built over the years and we're continuing to gain share with those affinity partners. So that's one driver. Second in our Property Management Company channel, we're still early in the rollout of Cover360, which is our new capability to make it much easier to attach our product. And then, third, we've been investing heavily the last few years in digital and CX and our experience now we believe it's as good or better for the consumer to anyone in the market. All those factors, the 9% growth in policies year-on-year were still gaining share and we're up to I think almost 2.5 million policies now. So we've invested there, we're going to continue to invest, we see enormous convergence coming between some of our mobile capabilities around the connected apartment and connected home, early days for that, but we see strong growth just in what we're already doing and then a significant opportunity to innovate and drive growth in the future.
Mark Hughes: In the mobile business, you talked about Europe being a drag, any signs of life there? And I think also South America or Central America has been laggard for you, any signs of movement?
Alan Colberg: Yes, I think, Europe is still struggling with the COVID and the lockdowns of COVID has been more challenging than certainly the U.S. market for sure. Latin America, we're starting to see some rebound, but it's still measured in nowhere near back to kind of what we've seen in Latin America pre-COVID. So I think again what's really been driving our mobile growth in the last year or so has been our strength and position in our very diverse set of clients in North America and Asia-Pacific, but at some point Europe you would assume will begin to recover and that will be a tailwind at some point, but we're not seeing the same kind of strengthening in Europe yet that we've seen elsewhere and that we're starting to see in Latin America.
Mark Hughes: And then, on the embedded card agreements, you talked about American Express. How do the economics on those sort of agreements versus your other relationships, you mentioned the Samsung Care and other programs. How does the economics look?
Alan Colberg: Yes. I know, let me maybe backup just a little bit provide some broader context there. So when we acquired The Warranty Group, they had recently established a new relationship in the embedded card space with one of the big U.S. card issuers. So that got us into that business. And then, we leveraged our capabilities as Assurant with that entree to begin to reposition some of our legacy debt deferment and credit capabilities into this business. So that's what allowed us to go out and win new clients like American Express. Broadly the way to think about that portion of our business, which rolls out through financial services is their fee income, more effectively administered programs for our partners. We're playing a role in adjudicating claims, but the risk, there is no risk for us, so it's fee income, not significant to our earnings yet, but certainly an opportunity over time to grow and then leverage these relationships to drive some of our other products into those companies and their customers. So we're excited about the early progress there a repositioning, but a long way to go to have that be a meaningful contributor to our company.
Mark Hughes: Suzanne said that I have to tell you the story that I went to Verizon to had my phone fixed and then with no help whatsoever and they appointed me to a little place down the street, which I went to and it turned out to be CPR, had a very good experience and actually realized I've forgotten that it was through your business, but it was a godsend when my phone didn't blink out, so anyway wanted to let you know. Thank you.
Alan Colberg: Oh, Mark, I appreciate that. Maybe just a quick comment on that. One of the opportunities we see over time is to support what's called same unit repair, which is either in the store like you just saw there we acquired CPR about a year, a little over a year ago. The other place we see an opportunity over time to really deliver a superior customer experience is to do repair at your home or office, and we acquired Fixt last year, which gives us that platform. So again these are early, but I think about creating growth opportunities for the future. That really differentiate the customer experience, the example you just gave was CPR is exactly what we're trying to do.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Listen, my question is wanted to get [indiscernible] every quarter or talk about every quarter, but just curious what really changes consumer's attitude towards a trade-in. Is it, I paid off my phone at the time to get the new fancy one or is it really hit its 5G out there now. I wanted to get that fastest thing. So does this conversion to 5G release or any kind of incremental speed up in trade-ins and otherwise happens in the course of a year? And I ask that, I've been called a dinosaur, 4G seems good enough for me. So I'm not resetting the door to go get 5G, but can you just confirm trying to source or ask you something else, but does it really spur what is it that really kind of makes a catalyst for people to come [indiscernible] trade-in the fronts?
Alan Colberg: Yes, I think, from a consumer perspective, we're still very early in the 5G cycle. The average consumer doesn't yet see a compelling use case or benefit. There are strong benefits of 5G like speed and latency improvement, which really will create new businesses, but what really has happened so far it's not consumers broadly saying I have to have 5G yet. The carriers have been aggressively promoting the new phones more than they've done in recent years and that's linked off into an upgrade. So what we've seen so far is more I think market driven activity. Not the consumers yet saying I have to have 5G. If I was to speculate I think we believe 5G is very disruptive, longer term, but it's going to take time for use cases to come to map where you really need that new phone as opposed to being fine on 4G.
Michael Phillips: Okay, thanks, Alan. So more higher level here, I guess, can you talk about any impacts to any of your businesses or just the up tick in inflation rates?
Alan Colberg: Couple of thoughts and then Richard you should certainly comment on the investment portfolio. Although, as you mentioned in your prepared remarks that's much smaller than it used to be with the sale of Global Preneed. Our business is going to perform well in a matter of what the macro environment is. So if we get into slowdown in the economy caused by whatever and inflation could cause a slowdown. We have businesses that are countercyclical and will grow. We also just have embedded growth if you think about our mobile programs and the 15 new programs that we've launched in the last three years or so, most of those are not mature. We also have embedded growth in our auto business and with all those policies sold on new cars that haven't started to earn yet. So I don't think from our business, we're going to see a significant impact, just given how we're set out to perform whatever happens, but Richard, what would you say on the investment portfolio or other effects.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I think, it obviously be a positive impact on the overall investment portfolio and as Alan referred to the earlier comments with the sale of Preneed, our overall interest sensitivities going down about two-thirds. So our overall duration is going to be for 4.5 years to 5 years. Having said that, that today our overall yield on the historic portfolio, if I can put it that way is above current interest rates. So to the extent that current interest rates rise and the books rolling over the next five years, higher interest rates will actually be beneficial to us and from that respect.
Michael Phillips: Okay, thank you. That's very helpful, guys. Last one Richard real quickly, any impact you guys on any from the chip shortages that have been impacting other parts of the economy?
Alan Colberg: You know not really is the answer. If you think about our auto business where that's been one of the areas, so you see a lot of press on the chip shortages. We are well positioned on car sales. If there are fewer new car sales, which isn't what we're seeing by the way, but if there are fewer new car sales, used car sales will pick up and we benefit from that mix shift in the short-term. In terms of repairs and maybe an increased cost of repairs, for most of our auto business we're administering the repairs for our clients and the clients realize the benefit or the challenges of part shortages. So, at the end of the day, not really material to us and as we mentioned earlier, we're seeing pretty strong momentum in the underlying growth of auto at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Ransom of Dowling & Partners.
Gary Ransom: I wanted to ask about the EBITDA. Thank you for giving us those numbers. How are you using that internally? Is that a way that you're managing the business? Is it a compensation metric? I wonder if you could just remind us how that's -- how -- what you use it for?
Alan Colberg: Yes, let me start and then Richard you can certainly comment more on EBITDA. Today, it's not a compensation metric. Our primary compensation metrics are things like total shareholder return, operating EPS things like that, but it is a complement and net operating income and in particular as we think about M&A and growing in fee income businesses. It allows us to help the market better understand the real growth that we're setting up for the future, which it's a bit obscured when you look at the accounting of an acquisition of a fee company. But those businesses, we've been acquiring like we mentioned CPR and Fixt earlier on an EBITDA basis, it really sets up and helps the market understand better the growth that we expect in the future. But Richard what would you add?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I think, as Alan mentioned first is the valuation issue of it, the market being able to compare apples and apples in terms of other company's EBITDA and ours. So that's the first part. I also look at it as from an operating point of view. It's a better operating point -- a better operating metric in my perspective been NOI, because we add back purchased intangibles. So those are purchases that are made they're running out, it's a non-cash issue. So adding things like that back or taxes back gives us internally just a better view on the operations of the business from period-to-period particularly in the Lifestyle business.
Alan Colberg: Yes. And to your question, we're going to assess over time how best to link it the things like compensation. We don't know yet if we will or won't, but we do think it provides a better view of the underlying profit and momentum of our business, particularly as we're now largely shifted away from traditional risk businesses to being driven by the Connected World businesses.
Gary Ransom: Okay, that's helpful. I also wanted to ask about the macro reopening of the economy and are there areas where they might have been depressed last year where there is perhaps pent-up demand that might come through as part of the growth or anything you're seeing? I know you've talked a little bit about automotive, but are there other areas that where there might be some pent-up demand that would come through as we reopen economies this year?
Alan Colberg: Yes, I know I think broadly you saw last year how resilient our business was even in a very disruptive environment with COVID, but there are a few areas where pent-up demand is still really true. One is travel. We do some of the card benefits for example are linked to travel. And so with travel being very depressed that obviously is an area that is a rebound, so we'll have some link for us and benefit for us. The in-store traffic has been lower but we push very hard on digital even pre-COVID which I think help mitigate that. We mentioned earlier, we are seeing still some depressed activity in Europe. So that's an opportunity. But I think, I wouldn't look at, we were that impacted by COVID in terms of what was happening and so therefore growth in the economy is obviously positive, people buy things that gives us new chances to attach and sale. But as I mentioned earlier, we feel confident whatever happens in the external environment, we're going to grow and outperform.
Gary Ransom: All right. Thank you. And one of the other things I noticed that you know as an insurance analyst I'd like to look at book value and I know you, I see the equity, the book value per share calculation was gone. Can you comment on that change?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think, Alan maybe I'll jump in here. Yes, I think when we look at the company and we look at the evolution of the company going more toward a capital-light type business, fee-based, service-based business. We look at it and book value is much less important than it used to be in terms of an overall indicator of the company. I mean, you can get there from math we give the balance sheets and the equity and the shares. So it's still a calc out there for you. But things like EBITDA, NOI, ex-cat, net operating income, ex-cats, those are more meaningful to us in terms of the profitability and the ongoing profitability and the growth over time of the business. So there are better value indicators in our minds.
Operator: Our last question comes from Mark Hughes of Truist.
Mark Hughes: Just a couple of things. Richard you mentioned maybe some incremental real estate costs. Could you maybe size those and are those going to be broken out separately not included in adjusted earnings?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, thanks for the question, Mark. In terms of the facilities, it's very early days. What we did want to signal to the market today is, we are looking at our facilities footprint geographically across the world globally. And we think as we go back to the workplace, we can be thoughtful about the future at work and how our staff can work and how we can work more productively over time. So very early days with that, we have attached no numbers to it as of yet. We just wanted to signal that we'll be looking for. And it's one of the reasons why when we look at the first quarter and we look at how strong the first quarter is and we give outlook for rest of the year, we don't want to surprise the market by coming in with a facility expense. In terms of where it will be when we do, if and when we do incur it. We'll obviously call it out to the market. We haven't decided yet depending on what it is and where we go geographically where we go if it really would be a part of operating income or would be something a little bit different than that more of a one-time non-recurring thing, so to come in the future.
Alan Colberg: And Mark what I would add is, broadly with COVID and then the changes that are going to happen. We're trying to think through what is the best way to set up our business and our employees to be as successful in the future and as we work to attract talent. We had a head start that we had about 30% of employees virtual before COVID and there have been a path that we've been working on anyway. But the world is changing and we just want to be really thoughtful about how do we create advantage through the way we structure, so that we create the best possible future workplace environment. And as you saw in Q4, we had a little bit of that last year with some leases that were about to expire. So again as Richard said, we don't know exactly what is going to be, but we know we will have some changes at some point this year likely.
Mark Hughes: And then, in the Multifamily you've mentioned that your digital capabilities you think there are very good in the market. Are you doing any direct-to-consumer? Did that create channel conflict? Is that even something you're interested in just a refresher on that?
Alan Colberg: Yes. The way to think about that is today we are almost entirely B2B2C. So we work through our partners, we embedded in our partners. What we're particularly focused on as we think about innovation in the future is how do we combine some of our capabilities to create even a better offering. So for example in multifamily working through our PMC partners or our affinity partners, can we include mobile into the bundle. Can we add capabilities from mobile? So we don't have any real plans to go to direct-to-consumer. We are always looking for alternative channels and what I mean by that is our strategy has been to support the consumer wherever the consumer wants to go to get products that we sell. And so we're always looking at alternative channels, but our primary focus is that B2B2C and how we leverage our capabilities, which are pretty differentiated across auto, mobile and rental to create kind of new opportunities for growth.
Alan Colberg: All right. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate your time today and for participating in today's call. We had a very strong first quarter and we continue to look forward to closing on the sale of Global Preneed later this year. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-10 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. And the floor will be opened for your question, following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2020. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We will start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release, as well as in our SEC report. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased with our performance for 2020, driven by our market leading specialty P&C and Connected Living offerings, 2020 represented the fourth consecutive year of strong profitable operating earnings growth for Assurant. This was a significant achievement demonstrating both the strength and resiliency of our business model and the dedication of our employees. Guided by Assurant's core values, our over 14,000 employees demonstrated an extraordinary commitment throughout this pandemic to each other, our partners and the hundreds of millions of customers we serve around the world. During this most challenging of years, I'm equally as proud of the steps we took to further advance our long-standing commitment as a responsible employer, including additional actions to foster a more diverse, equitable and inclusive environment within our communities. Some examples included sustaining enterprise forums to openly discuss challenges still faced by many as we collectively combat racism and bigotry. Expanding our supplier diversity and inclusion program to provide additional opportunities to increase the diversity of our vendor relationships and reaffirming our commitment to fair and equitable pay as we continue to review our policies and practices. Already in 2021, we've launched several additional initiatives, including more comprehensive enterprise-wide diversity training, and the mandatory adoption of diverse candidate's slates and interview teams to ensure we hire the best candidates. We also expect to launch enterprise employee resource groups to support a more diverse workforce. We believe these diversity initiatives will help us better connect to each other and the consumers we serve. Now let's move to our full year results. Net operating income excluding reportable catastrophes grew by 16% to $664 million and earnings per share increased 17% to $10.80. These results were in line with the outlook we provided in November and far exceeded the initial expectations of 10% to 14% operating earnings per share growth we outlined at the beginning of 2020. This performance was driven by strong results in global housing and continued growth in Global Lifestyle particularly Connected Living. Throughout the year, our balance sheet remained strong, combined our three operating segments contributed a total of $821 million in dividends to the holding company. During 2020, we increased our common stock dividend for the 16th consecutive year and returned $455 million in share repurchases and common stock dividends. Our 2019 Investor Day objective of returning $1.35 billion by the end of 2021 is now 65% complete and we expect to return the balance over the course of this year. As we build a stronger Assurant for the future, we've continued to make investments and enhancing key capabilities and the roll out of new and expanded offerings to support our growing global customer base. Our superior customer experience remains a key differentiator. This was critically important during the pandemic and we'll remain vital as we emerge in this period. Specifically, our digital capabilities have contributed to new business opportunities and the longevity of our most important client partnerships across Assurant. At the end of 2020, our top clients had an average 10 year of almost 17 years. We continue to believe there are significant future growth opportunities within our mobile, auto, and renters [ph] businesses also taking into account the convergence of connected devices, cars and homes, which we refer to as the connected world. These opportunities also drove our decision to explore strategic alternatives for Global Preneed, so that we can deepen our focus on our Lifestyle and Housing businesses and the Connected Consumer. Excluding global preneed and catastrophe losses, these connected businesses represented 66% of our 2020 segment net operating income, roughly doubled out of 2015. Together, they're expected to generate strong above market growth with offerings that have embedded earnings, complementing our specialty P&C offerings. Given our compelling business model and expanded future service offerings with the key source to drive growth, we continue to believe our stock remains attractively priced. We currently traded a discount to more relevant peers including those in the home services market. However, we believe our consistent earnings growth, cash flow generation and competitive position are in many ways stronger and more sustainable. Now let me share some 2020 highlights in each of our operating segments. Within Global Lifestyle, we increased earnings 7% to $437 million. This was driven by Connected Living where earnings grew by 14% as we increased our mobile subscriber base with 54 million through new and expanded partnerships. Across Asia Pacific and North America, we added almost 2.7 million subscribers last year. A portion of this year-over-year growth can be attributed to our alignment with new market entrants like U.S. cable providers and with new wireless carrier in Asia Pacific. We also processed 7 million devices through our Assurant trading facilities in 2020 and closed on the acquisition of HYLA Mobile. As a lean provider of smartphone software and trading and upgrade, HYLA will further increase our scale, strengthen our capabilities and expand our client roster as we look to capitalize on the 5G upgrade cycle over the next several years. In our expanded service contract business, we expanded our 10 plus year relationship with Lowe's Home Improvement with the introduction of Lowe's TechConnect, a white label version of our new Pocket Geek Home product providing tech support for smart home devices. In Global Automotive, we've increased the number of vehicles we protect by nearly 13% over 49 million since acquiring The Warranty Group, adding to the significant level of embedded earnings within the business. More recently, we've added scale and value to our OEM, TPA and national deal clients to two acquisitions in key global automotive markets. With American financial and automotive services, or AFAS, we added scale in our direct to dealer channel and are already leveraging their best-in-class talent and dealer training programs. In the fourth quarter, we acquired EPG, a leading provider of service contracts and insurance sold through heavy equipment dealers and manufacturers, including Volvo and Daimler. Like AFAS, we believe this is a natural extension of our extended service contract business in a niche market we know well, which has attractive long-term growth opportunities. Given our focus on the customer experience, we also continued to improve the claims process for vehicle owners through digital enhancements of our virtual claim's inspection process, reducing inspection times and minimizing the amount of time without the vehicle. Within Global Financial Services, we're excited to announce a new partnership with a large U.S. credit card issuer, where we're providing administration services for searching embedded card benefits that leverage our enhanced omni channel customer experience capabilities. We're excited about the business's attractive growth prospects for the future. Moving to Global Housing, we delivered net operating income, excluding cats of $371 million, up $71 million from 2019, and our returns remain strong as our operating ROE including cats was 15% for the year. Within our lender-placed business, we had another strong year of client renewals and we remain proud of our critical role in the mortgage lending process. We attribute the strength and longevity of our client relationships to our focus on customer experience as well as compliance and risk management. These will only get stronger as we continue to make progress on our proprietary single source processing platform, increasing productivity and improving customer experience over the long-term. In multifamily housing, we increased policies to 8% since 2019, and now percept over 2.4 million renters nationwide. We continue to invest in future growth, particularly through digital enhancements and innovations. As the ongoing rollout of our property management solution Cover360 continues to progress. We recently introduced a newly designed resident portal that makes renters insurance compliance for residents simple and fully digital, which will ultimately increase attachment rates over the long-term. In Global Preneed, earnings were down year-over-year in light of the COVID-19 global pandemic and continued low interest rate environment. But overall, Global Preneed performed well in 2020. And it's continued to produce strong cash flows with the high quality $6 billion asset base. To summarize, 2020 was a strong year for Assurant, despite a challenging global environment. We took additional transformative steps to continue to build a stronger showing for the future and capitalize on the convergence of the connected world. As we look at 2021, we expect to provide our annual outlook once we complete our evaluation of strategic alternatives for Preneed. We have made progress exploring the potential sale of the business. To-date, interest has been strong, and we expect to provide an update on our progress before our next earnings call in May. With that said, as we look at Assurant today, including Preneed, we are on track to deliver against the financial objective shared on our 2019 Investor Day, including 12% average annual operating EPS growth, excluding catastrophes for 2020 and 2021. As expected, this implies slower EPS growth in 2021, as we continue to invest for the future and build off of a stronger base in 2020. And also assumes a more normalized level of non-cat losses in Global Housing. In 2021, we will continue to prioritize investments in product innovation, further enhancing the customer experience and strengthening our social responsibility efforts, including actions to promote sustainability. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review fourth quarter results and our high-level view of 2021. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. As Alan noted, we are pleased with our performance for 2020, particularly amidst the pandemic. I'm now going to review our fourth quarter 2020 results and underlying business trends for the year. For the fourth quarter 2020, net operating income excluding catastrophes declined by $3 million to $136 million, mainly due to a $28 million reduction in net investment income across all operating segments, partially offset by more favorable non-cat loss experience in housing. This drop in investment income reflects both the lower interest rate environment and includes a $12 million decline in income from sales of real estate joint venture partnerships. In the quarter, we also incurred $11 million of severance in real estate charges as we continue to manage expenses and evolve Assurant's workplace environment. Now let's move to segment results for Global Lifestyle. This segment reported earnings of $88 million in the fourth quarter, down $9 million. The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to a $16 million decrease in net investment income spread across the businesses, half of which came from sales of real estate joint venture partnerships. Excluding the decline in investment income, segment earnings increased modestly. Underlying earnings growth was driven primarily by organic growth in Global Auto, while Connected Living earnings were flat compared to the prior year. Results in Connected Living were driven by continued mobile subscriber growth, particularly in Asia-Pacific and North America, as well as contributions from the acquisition of HYLA in December. This was largely offset by lower mobile results in Europe, mainly from $5 million of non-run rate items. In addition, the segment had $4 million of severance and real estate charges in the quarter that we don't expect going forward. Looking at total revenues, net earned premiums and fees decreased by $37 million. This was driven mainly by a $78 million reduction in mobile trading revenue, primarily due to the contract change we disclosed in the second quarter. Excluding this change, Lifestyle revenues were up $41 million, or 2%, driven by an 8% revenue increase in Global Auto from prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. Overall, trading activity which flows through fee income was down year-over-year. However, as was the case in the last few years, we saw an uptick in December. This was driven by new phone introductions, greater device availability, and contributions from HYLA during its first month with Assurant. Given the continued strong trading activity in January, we expect to see a sequential and year-over-year increase in volumes in the first quarter. For the full year of 2021, we expect to see continued growth in Global Lifestyle's net operating income, with the growth more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year. Overall, earnings expansion will be led by mobile and will mainly come from new and expanded programs as well as contributions from recent acquisitions. We also anticipate improved profitability in financial services, which is positioned to steadily improve following the lower volumes and unfavorable loss experience seen in 2020. We are cautiously optimistic, particularly as it relates to some of our travel related programs, which were negatively impacted by the pandemic. We expect Global Auto earnings to be down modestly reflecting the pressure from the low interest rate environment. Continued investments in our capabilities, product offerings, and customer experience are also anticipated during the course of the year. Moving now to Global Housing, net operating income for the fourth quarter totaled $61 million, compared to $73 million in the fourth quarter of 2019. The decrease was largely due to $28 million of higher reportable catastrophes, over half of the losses were from Hurricane Zeta, with the balance primarily related to claims from Hurricane Delta. Excluding catastrophe losses, earnings increased $16 million, or 23%, despite lower investment income of $8 million. The increase was driven by favorable non-cat loss experience across all lines of business. We saw reduced claims frequency and drove improved profitability in our sharing economy portfolio. Lender-placed results also reflected higher premium rates, mostly offset by declining REO volumes from ongoing foreclosure moratoriums. Turning to revenue. Global Housing net earned premiums and fees decreased 3%. Similar to previous quarters, this was driven mainly by three items. The exit of small commercial, the insolvent lender-placed client and lower REO volumes. The decrease was partially offset by growth in both our specialty property and multifamily housing businesses. We expect Global Housing's net operating income, excluding cats to be lower in 2021 compared to 2020. An overall increase in our non-cat loss ratio to more normalized levels, and higher cat reinsurance costs will be the primary drivers. We expect both indexes to begin in the first quarter. Regarding our cat reinsurance costs in January, we completed approximately two-thirds of our 2021 catastrophe reinsurance program placement. As part of the placement, we secured additional multiyear coverage, resulting in approximately 52% of our U.S. program now benefiting from this feature. As expected, we saw an increase in the overall pricing of reinsurance in our purchases today, which are multiyear layers help to offset. As we finalize the remaining portion of the program in July, we will continue to evaluate the risks and rewards of purchasing additional reinsurance and alternatives that could reduce our risk. We are not however, currently assuming any increased coverage. We expect some increase in our yield volumes in the second half of the year. However, we do not anticipate volumes reverting to pre-COVID levels immediately. And volumes will be influenced by the timing of the foreclosure moratoriums. Now let's move to the Global Preneed. The segment reported net operating income of $9 million, a decrease of $7 million year-over-year. In addition to lower investment income, we had nearly $4 million of non-recurring items related to a system conversion and updated assumptions for the earnings pattern and new policies. While the GAAP impact of these items was $4 million. The statutory impact was immaterial. In addition, we experienced an increase in mortality trends as we exited the quarter. We continue to monitor trends and expect the increase in claims to continue into the first half of 2021. Revenue for Preneed was up 5% primarily due to growth in U.S. sales, and base sales have increased significantly since the second quarter of 2020, so, they remain below pre COVID levels. For 2021 Global Preneed will remain in our operating results until we conclude our evaluation of strategic alternatives. Overall, we expect 2021 Preneed earnings will be up slightly compared to 2020 reported results illustrating the strength of the business despite the ongoing challenge of the global pandemic. At corporate, the net operating loss was $23 million, compared to $22 million in the fourth quarter of 2019. This was primarily due to lower investment income and expense actions in the quarter. For the full year 2021, we expect the corporate net operating loss to improve from 2020. I also wanted to provide a quick update on our investment portfolio. The portfolio continued to perform well during the quarter. While investment income levels are low due to the lower short and longer term yields available in the market and lower joint venture real estate income in the quarter. The strength of the portfolio can be seen through three items, the absence of defaults, the low level of credit downgrades and the increase in the value of those assets mark-to-market. Turning to holding company liquidity, we ended the year with $407 million, which is $182 million above our current minimum target level. In the fourth quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $292 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, we also had outflows from three main items, $147 million of share repurchases, $44 million in common and preferred stock dividends and $368 million related to the acquisitions of HYLA and EPG. As a reminder, we partially financed HYLA through the issuance of subordinated debt in the fourth quarter. As we enter 2021, our capital and liquidity positions remain strong, supported by the robust cash flows generated by Global Lifestyle and Global Housing. For the year overall, we expect dividends to approximate segment earnings subject to the growth of the businesses and rating agency and regulatory capital requirements. We have now returned approximately $880 million in the last two years. And we expect to complete our three-year $1.35 billion capital return objectives to shareholders in 2021. Similar to prior years, the pace of buybacks is expected to be somewhat weighted towards the second half of the year. In the first quarter through February 5th, we repurchased an additional 120,000 shares for $16 million. We have $770 million remaining in our share repurchase authorization, which includes the additional authorization recently approved by our Board of Directors. Additionally, in January, we redeemed the remaining $50 million of our March 2021 notes. Before closing, I also wanted to provide reminder that our mandatory convertible shares will convert to common shares on March 15th. The number of common shares issued will depend on our share price leading up to the conversion date. At Assurant's current share price, we would expect conversion would result in the minimum issuance of shares. In summary, despite a year of uncertainty, we took action to safeguard our employees, to provide our clients with superior service, and to maintain our strong financial footing. As we turn the page to 2021, we're focused on continuing to deliver profitable growth, enhancing our products and services, and meeting our commitments to all stakeholders. We look forward to the year ahead, as we continue to drive Assurant to a strong future. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Bose George with KBW. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Bose.
Bose George: Hey good morning. I want to ask just about the potential sale of the Preneed business. There's been a lot of life insurance and annuity transactions recently. And, just broadly, do you consider those to be good comps and should we focus on the sales pricing based on the multiple book value as opposed to an earnings multiple?
Alan Colberg: So, first of all, it's important to reflect on our Preneed business. We have a unique and strong business. We have our important distribution partners that are in a long-term contract, we have a block of business that's continued to perform well even through COVID-19. And what I would say on the process is we're encouraged. There is strong interest and robust interest in our company and in Preneed. And we're hopeful that we'll be able to announce something in advance of our Q1 earnings call. In terms of valuation, I think it's not really appropriate to speculate on that as we're in the middle of the process. But I do think we're on track to deliver a good and strong outcome for our shareholders at the end of the day, and further reposition the balance of Assurant and focus on our growth engines around the connected world and our strong specialty P&C offerings.
Bose George: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And just switching over to the extended warranty business. There have been a couple of headlines about competitors that was the Home Depot Allstate partnership. Can you just talk about competition in that states and just remind us what the - your targeted growth in returns in that business are?
Alan Colberg: So, extended service contracts are part of our Connected Living business, given the kind of convergence and overlap we see between mobile and service contracts. We mentioned on the call today that we've extended and deepened our relationship with Lowe's, which is an important service contract partner. And we talked in the prepared remarks about the inclusion of what we call Pocket Geek Home, which we're excited about as kind of a next generation innovation. It's really around providing all the services to keep you connected for every connected device that you own. So that's exciting. But broadly, if you look at Connected Living, it was another year of strong growth that includes in our service contract business. And we continue to believe and you see it with our success that we've been able to expand and grow and deepen. I think we've announced now more than a dozen or so new partnerships in the last three or four years, really driven by our innovation, and our strength in key global markets around the world like Japan and Europe. So, I think we feel good about the momentum and we're going to continue to invest to differentiate. We, for example, in 2020, we substantially increased our investment in digital midyear. Just not that we aren't already strong in digital, but we see the impact of COVID and we want wanted to make sure we're doing everything possible to drive a complete digital omni channel experience for our customers.
Bose George: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Good morning. First question, I guess. Can we take a little bit more into the Cover devices and mobile and kind of what's happening there growth continues to slow? I know you mentioned a little bit how you expect some pickup in the beginning of the year, but just how do you think this plays out, particularly also related to Sprint, T-Mobile? How does that kind of play out through the year, when do we expect to see some kind of meaningful impact from that, at least from a growth perspective and top line?
Alan Colberg: Yeah, if I reflect on the subscriber count, certainly 2020 was still a positive year. We grew the subscriber count despite COVID and despite the numerous disruptions and store closures that happened throughout the year. We had challenges in Latin America, the region that was most disrupted probably by COVID. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had strong growth in North America and Asia Pacific. And, with the Sprint business, we are beginning to ramp that and that will grow strongly as we go through 2021 and beyond. So, certainly grew a little bit slower than prior years, really because of COVID, but the underlying momentum and strength of that business remains strong.
Brian Meredith: Great, and then I guess my second question, just back to the Preneed, can you just kind of remind us, what are your thoughts as far as use of proceeds on the Preneed sale as you kind of think about it today?
Alan Colberg: Brian, I think the most important thing on Preneed is, we're very hopeful that we'll get to a great outcome for our shareholders as the first most important thing. If you look at our history, we have a strong track record of disciplined capital management and deploying capital to support and grow our company over time. Normally, we focus first on organic growth and ensuring that we're funding the growth that's happening. We have strong underlying organic growth across our company. And then we look at M&A and return to capital. With M&A as a reminder, we have a very high hurdle, we look at cash-on-cash IRR and we're really just focused in our key growth engines of the connected world. So that's mobile, auto and renters that's where the bulk of that would be. And if we have excess capital, our track record of returning it to shareholders over time is strong.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And just one last one, I'm curious. Renter's insurance marketplace. Can you talk a little bit maybe about the competitive environment there, I mean, we hear a lot about some of these insured tax very active in that marketplace, can you give a little perspective on what's going on there?
Alan Colberg: Yeah, if you look at our business, we continue to grow and gain share, our policies were up 8% last year, so we added net something like 200,000 policies, give or take to 2.4 million. And we've really invested over the last couple of years. If you do a side-by-side of our purchase experience digitally, it's as good and easy to use for consumers as any digital experience that's out there from any company. And then importantly, in the property management channel, we're rolling out Cover360, which really will drive attachment over time. It makes the whole process of compliance and having the appropriate coverage easy. So, we feel good about our momentum. We continue to grow and gain share relative to the market. If you think about multifamily, it was disrupted by COVID more than many of the markets in the U.S. just given the challenges with renters. We had a lot less mobility last year of people moving. And despite that, we grew policies 8% so, it's a good business. We continue to gain share and we continue to invest to differentiate our offering.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Good morning. In the Global Auto business, what are the prospects there for growth? I think you talked about the net income being down on interest rates. I'll ask a question, like I have asked before. If interest rates are low, could you adjust your offering, adjust your pricing perhaps to compensate for that? And that question and then kind of the, what should we think about top line in 2021 in Global Auto?
Alan Colberg: So, Mark, appreciate that. Maybe I'll start. And then, Richard, you can go deeper on the question around investment income. If you look at that business, since we closed on The Warranty Group, we mentioned this in the prepared remarks, we've added something like 13% to our service contract count. That's over the last couple of years. That bodes very well for the future. Those are embedded future earnings. They're going to come through. And if you look at the underlying growth in the business before considering the investment income impacts, this is a longer duration product and others in our portfolio other than Preneed, very strong underlying growth, really driven by expanding share in our key dealer relationships and beginning to drive some of our capabilities from mobile into the business. We've also recently announced partnerships in Europe. And we've announced previously a partnership in China around electric vehicles. That's another source of innovation growth, I think, put aside, the kind of short term what shows up in our earnings, the underlying strength is strong. But Richard, you should comment more on investment income and how we think about that.
Richard Dziadzio: Sure, and just to add on to that, I mean, only part of the earnings obviously, are coming from investment income. And the overall portfolio, I would say is more-shorter in duration relative to Preneed. You think about Preneed, having a duration maybe of 10-years, think about half that or less for Auto. So, the current drop in interest rates has had somewhat of a headwind impact on us. Who knows how long that's going to last? Right. But in terms of moving forward, I think, for a large part, we've taken into account the short-term interest rate impact this year so far. So that, I don't think short-term rates are going to go any lower, much lower. So, I think that's all settled in. And that's just cash coming in and out of the enterprise there. And then from a longer-term basis, I think your question is a good one. As things move on, if interest rates stay low, it's a competitive environment. So, we'll see with pricing, but that typically would happen in any market, where there's some sort of interest rate spreads embedded in products. So, overtime that should re-price. Obviously, Mark, there's typically a lag in things like that. In terms of 2021, we feel really good. As Alan said, I mean, the business has good momentum, we've grown the number of protected vehicles that we've had. Our recent acquisition of EPG bodes well for the synergies and integration that we have with that company into ours and future growth, AFAS this summer as well. Good, good, strong acquisition for us. So, we think we're the strongest player, one of the strongest players in the market and positioned to win as we go forward.
Alan Colberg: And Mark, maybe the other thing I'd add on investment income policies, if we look at Preneed and the process, we're in and assuming we get to a good outcome there, Preneed is something like 40% or 45% of our total investment portfolio, and even more of the volatility just given long duration. So, one of the other benefits of successful outcome of Preneed is the even further reduce our exposure to interest rates as a company which will create more stability in the future.
Mark Hughes: On the - Thank you for that. On the non-cat losses in Housing, is that an industry phenomenon? Do you think COVID related or just more broadly weather related or perhaps the underwriting phenomenon? How do you do view that?
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah, good question. We have had, lower non-cat loss ratio this year, a lower non-cat loss ratio relative to last year. And that comes from a couple of different parts. I think the first part is small commercial, we exited that business, which was weighing on our overall non-cat loss ratio. The second part would be the underwriting we've done and improvements within the specialty property, and particularly the sharing economy part of the business with the growth there that we've had, and some nice results there. So those two items, I would say, are very particular to Assurant. So, not a phenomenon across the market. And then, we've also seen claims come down and frequency of claims this year. We're not so much thinking it's due to COVID as we're thinking it's really due to kind of weather, more or less weather and the wind, the flood and things like that this year, we did have a little more increase in the cats that we've had this year. So maybe there's a play against those too as well. Looking forward, we think that as we said, in 2021, the non-cat loss ratio will move up. But we don't think it's going to move up that much. It's probably potentially a slow conversion towards where we were in the past. But given what we've done in our underwriting, the movements that I discussed a moment ago, we think, we're going to be in a better place next year than we were historically. So we'll move up a little bit, progressively, but not as much as, not to where we were in 2021, it is our prediction.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, and Mark, the other thing I would add to summarize kind of what Richard said, more than half of our improvement we believe has been driven by actions we have taken, the ones Richard mentioned. The other thing we've been investing heavily in is AI and Automation, which has the benefit of driving better CX as well as improved efficiency. So, there is some effect of what's happening in the industry, but we feel most of this is being driven by us and we do expect some step up in '21 given 2020 was particularly low, but we feel good about the actions we've taken to drive improvement here.
Mark Hughes: And then, Alan, maybe a little bit of a softball, but you said you had mentioned how you feel like Assurant trades at a discount to peers in the home services market. Any elaboration you'd like to give on that?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. One of the things that we look at is if you really step back and look at our company, we've over the last four or five years really evolved to be much more of a fee income service business type company. We have a track record of strong profitable growth. If you look at it, we've delivered now we mentioned on this call, four years in a row of strong operating earnings growth. We have a cash flow ability as we've said many times over the years, if we earn $1 at our segments, we can on average get that to the holding company. And if you look at that, if you look at the competitors that we're evolving into, now people in the home services market or others, they all trade on multiples of EBITDA, that are in the mid-teens and we are well below that. And so, we continue to look at how do we help our investors better understand just the quality of our franchise, the 17 plus year client tenure that we mentioned earlier, the investments we've made differentiate. And over time, we continue to believe our stock is attractively priced, and we're going to work on continuing to evolve our metrics and disclosures and how we deploy capital to maximize the value for our shareholders.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Mike.
Michael Phillips: Good morning. Thanks, guys. Good morning. You mentioned - Richard, you mentioned in your comments, the headwind in Europe a [ph] non-refundable amount about $5 million. Is there anything else in Europe that besides that you would point to that would cause a headwind there?
Richard Dziadzio: No, I think the biggest part of the headwind was really in terms of them positioning themselves for 2021 and for growth. I mean, overall, they had a good year, despite the pandemic. And we do think that going forward, the profitability is going to increase over Q4 in Europe. So, we really do think it was a kind of a one-time thing where there were several small items that we do not expect to recur.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great. And this is kind of a follow on to prior question on housing. A little bit of a different angle, on the frequency benefits that you've seen again. And you mentioned in prior calls, recently, theft and vandalism has been down. I'm curious, is that COVID related certain benefits theft and vandalism are down? Or is that more of what Alan was saying, kind of things that you've done to re-underwrite that have helped that piece of the business?
Alan Colberg: The other thing I would add on that one, and then Richard, feel free to add on to it is. Our book today is very different than five, six, seven years ago. If you think about after the last housing crisis, we had a lot of vacant and foreclosed properties in the portfolio, that's where you tend to see that the most. Today, we're in a strong housing market. And we're really providing a backstop when people aren't able to get coverage. So, you normally see lower theft and vandalism over time when you're in a stronger housing market anyway. So, I think that's part of what we're seeing. I don't know if Richard, would you add anything else?
Richard Dziadzio: No, that's exactly right, Alan. I think the other thing is, we were seeing a trend coming down, even prior to the pandemic. So, we're not thinking that pandemic I mean, there could be a small part of that, but that's not something that is a driver.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great. Thanks. And then last one for me on the Global Financial Services area. You've talked a bit about the impact from COVID there from balances being down. I guess has that turned around any? And then on legacy business there, are we in a trough, so you talked about what you expect for this year to be better than last year, but how much of that is a turnaround from COVID? And, again on legacy business are we at the bottom there?
Alan Colberg: I think in that business, I'm really encouraged about - excuse me, the momentum we're starting to see when we acquired The Warranty Group, they had just signed a significant new client in that space. And then as we announced on the call earlier today, we've just signed another new client. So, we've got several potential growth drivers in the future that makes us pretty optimistic about that. In terms of the areas that have been disrupted by travel - COVID, that's really travel. And we'll see how that plays out this year. But we expect to see improvement over time. And the new clients and the new offerings over the last couple of years have us in a much better position for this business to grow and contribute in the coming years.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you, Alan, appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Gary.
Gary Ransom: Good morning. I wanted to ask on the severance in real estate change, whether that represents any kind of employee business model change? And if so, is there more to come?
Alan Colberg: And maybe, Richard let me start just briefly, yeah, I'll start briefly, and you can provide more. At a high level, we're looking at kind of the future of work and what those models are. We've shown we had about 30% of our employees' virtual pre COVID. And post COVID, we'll no doubt have a higher percent. So, we are looking at that and evaluating it. But I think the main driver is really our ongoing expense management and just aligning our resources with the growth of the company. But Richard, why don't you add particularly on the real estate.
Richard Dziadzio: I think, when we think of real estate, I think of the word facilities. So, it is linked to our facilities and how we're using our facilities going forward. We had a couple leases that were coming due early in 2021, we're not going to be going back to that space. We'll be getting new space or working from home in a new work environment. So, we just had to take an acceleration of the expense on that leasehold improvements and so forth. So, it's really positioning when we get to the fourth quarter, we started to position ourselves, Okay, next year, what's our footprint? Where should we be, from a headcount point of view, but also from a facilities point of view? So, we don't think that the actions we take in fourth quarter are a harbinger of things to come, it's really just a one-time $11 million total impact which is why we called it out as such.
Gary Ransom: All right, that's helpful. Thank you. Another one on the - you mentioned competition in Lifestyle, I wonder the competition on Global Housing in the lender-placed business. Obviously, you said you renewed a lot of contracts, but can you give us a sense of what goes on in those renewals, are other competitors trying to get in on it? I assume that happens regularly. But I was wondering whether it's any more intense or has changed at all?
Alan Colberg: No, I think the important thing with that business is all of ours, it is competitive. That's just the reality of the markets that we all compete in. With that said, we have a really strong position there. We've invested and continue to invest in differentiating our capabilities around compliance, around customer experience. We're early in this rolling out our SSP, our single source platform, which really differentiates our tracking capabilities. And as we mentioned, we've renewed something like 85% of our relationships over the last two years, many of them early as we prepare to work with our clients on the conversion to our new tracking system. So, I don't see the competitive pressure changing a lot, it's always there. But we've shown our ability if you look at the last decade, we've been able to grow that business dramatically, really driven off of the value that we're creating for our partners and for our customers.
Gary Ransom: And in that business, you're going through this process of reducing risk and becoming more fee oriented. And in Preneed, we can assume that that's gone, which has some volatility on the investment side. Global Housing is the last business with some volatility embedded in it. Is this a strong enough business for you that you're content with handling that volatility? Or is there something else that you might think about in the future?
Alan Colberg: Yeah, a couple comments on that. So, if we look over the last five, six, seven years, we've significantly reduced our exposure through the purchase of reinsurance. If you go back to 2012, '13, we were at about $240 million of retained event exposure. We're down to $80 million. We've also morphed our reinsurance tower more than half of its multiyear now, which also creates a lot of stability and we've also been pruning non-strategic risk. So, a great example of that was our exit of small commercial a year or so ago. So, when we look at it, we'll always look at there are other actions that could further share some of that cat exposure away. But if we look at the overlap between our Housing business and our Lifestyle business, it's strong. If you think about the convergence around the home, the device, the car, we're starting to see opportunities to roll out what we do in Lifestyle, in the Housing. A lot of our mobile capabilities are really relevant in renters and in the connected home. Also, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, even in a relatively high cat year, we had a 15% ROE with cats in Housing. So, it's generating strong earnings, lots of cash to reinvest and continues to be an important part of our strategy and portfolio with the caveat that we have reduced our cat volatility a lot and we'll continue to look at ways to reduce that cat volatility.
Richard Dziadzio: And if I could just add to that, I mean, as Alan says, to reduce our cat volatility, we do get the question and we do look at it every year. I mean, obviously, this year was a little bit special with the pandemic and with the amount of capital that was in the reinsurance market. We've seen that capital now come back. So, we'll keep looking at things like bringing down the retention, purchasing aggregates and doing other things, quota shares or whatever, that could reduce the volatility a little as we go forward. In my prepared remarks, I said we can't plan on anything and we're not planning on anything to 2021. But as Alan said, we are keeping our eyes wide open to opportunities there.
Gary Ransom: Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning again Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you. Another one of my usual questions, which is when we think about the lender-placed placement rate, obviously delinquencies are quite high. You talked about the REO program. You can certainly understand that being under pressure with a foreclosure moratorium in place. But how about just these higher delinquencies presumably the escrow funds are getting used up and if people aren't paying their mortgages, the lot of them are not paying insurance, how do we think about that, it seems like you've had very limited impact so far, but these have been delinquencies have been in place since early mid last year. It seems like they'd be falling into your bucket pretty soon, but apparently not. So, I'm just curious what's going on there?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, Mark, I think the important way to think about lender-placed is, whether the housing market weakens or not, we don't know. And we're not seeing a lot of real evidence that the housing market is weakening. But through the actions over the last four or five years, we've now got to lender-placed to where it's roughly stable on earnings ex-cat even if the housing market remains strong. And obviously if the housing market does weaken at some point, we're going to be there to provide the support to the mortgage market that we've historically provided. So, we don't know what might happen this year. There is always a lag. It depends a lot on what happens with the government foreclosure moratoriums. But we've certainly called out that our business has been impacted negatively in 2020 and continuing with just the lack of REO volume, given the foreclosure moratoriums that are going on. But the business is well positioned and if the market does weaken, we're going to be there and we will support the mortgage industry through that.
Mark Hughes: If we continue to see these delinquencies, the 90 day plus delinquencies they are up substantially and maybe they're tapering a bit, but tapering slowly.
Richard Dziadzio: Yep.
Mark Hughes: Does that have an impact on the business?
Richard Dziadzio: It really as I mentioned, it really depends on what happens with foreclosure moratoriums. If there is weakness in the housing market, eventually we should see that flow through into our business. We just - it's hard to say when given what's happening in the broader economy and with our government dealing with COVID.
Mark Hughes: So, I guess it's really the foreclosure numbers that are more relevant for your business?
Richard Dziadzio: No, our business is driven by many things, but where we've seen the biggest kind of short-term negative impact is just the foreclosure moratoriums and therefore, properties aren't moving through the process that you would normally have seen. But again, we are well positioned if the market does weaken and it's allowed to function like it historically has. We're well positioned to benefit and support that. And as I said in my prepared remarks - As I said in the prepared remarks, Mark, we're not counting on any sort of big return in our real volumes next year, given the forbearance moratoriums and an extension of them. So, we do think that over time, when the market kind of gets back to a balance, and we get past the pandemic and the moratoriums, it'll start to increase maybe second half of the year a little bit, probably more into 2022, as we kind of get back to and if we call it an equilibrium, but more normal times.
Mark Hughes: Thank you for that.
Alan Colberg: All right, excellent, and if I just take a moment and reflect more broadly. We're really proud of 2020 and what our employees did to support our customers and clients through COVID. It was a strong growth year for us, both in Connected Living and then broadly in Housing. We continue to execute against our long-term strategy. You heard us say that, we still expect to deliver on the 2019 Investor Day objectives, including the 12% average annual operating EPS growth in 2020 and '21. And we continue to gain share, which really augurs well for the future as we invest, differentiate and encourage our clients to add more of our capabilities into their products. And then finally, we mentioned that we're encouraged by the progress on the potential sale of Global Preneed and hope to have some positive outcome to share shortly. So, thank you for participating in today's call. To summarize, we're really pleased with our performance in 2020. And we're going to continue to focus on building a stronger company in 2021. Following the conclusion of our evaluation of alternatives for Global Preneed, we are planning to provide our full year outlook for 2021 at that point. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant’s Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. And the floor will be open for your questions following management’s prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Chief Administrative Officer of Assurant. You may begin. 
Francesca Luthi: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2020 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the third quarter 2020. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We will start today’s call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday’s earnings release, as well as in our SEC report. During today’s call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company’s performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday’s news release and financial supplement. Now I'll turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks Francesca. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our third quarter operating results, which demonstrate the continued resiliency and strength of our business portfolio. Our track record of delivering strong profitable growth not just this quarter, but over the past few years reinforces our strategic direction and our confidence in the future growth prospects of Assurant. Last week we made two announcements that underscore our focus on our market leading lifestyle and housing businesses while capitalizing on the convergence of the connected mobile device, car and home. Our Connected Living, Global Automotive and multifamily housing businesses have a history of profitable growth and we believe compelling future growth potential. In addition, our specialty P&C offerings including lender-placed insurance are extremely well positioned. The countercyclical nature and strong returns of the business continue to make it a critical part of our portfolio. Together lifestyle and housing should drive ongoing above-market growth and superior cash flow generation with the ability to outperform in any economic cycle and ultimately to create greater shareholder value over time. Our acquisition of HYLA Mobile, a leading provider of smartphone software and trade-in and upgrade services will strengthen our market position with increased scale, complementary client bases and favorable tailwinds in the global mobile market. We value HYLA at the multiple of low teens forward EBITDA. The combination of its patented software technology and trade-in capabilities with Assurant's end-to-end mobile device life cycle management expertise will deliver three primary benefits. First, it will enhance the customer experience making it easier for consumers to get trade-in value for their used mobile devices without an in-person inspection. Second, it will improve program economics and performance for our partners including higher trade-in attachment rates. And finally, it will further strengthen Assurant's ability to take advantage of the 5G smartphone upgrade cycle. HYLA also has strong relationships with marquee partners complementary to Assurant's client base across our critical distribution channels and geographies and including leading U.S. and Japanese mobile carriers as well as major global OEMs. As we announced, we intend to fund our acquisition through a combination of cash on hand at the holding company and new debt issued prior to closing so that we can continue to optimize our capital structure while maintaining investment-grade ratings. To better align resources to the best market opportunities within lifestyle and housing we've also announced a review of strategic alternatives for Global Preneed including a potential sale. This decision was not an easy one given the strength of the business and the considerable value its employees brought to Assurant. Global Preneed is a strong business with over two million policyholders throughout the U.S. and Canada. It has delivered consistent growth while generating robust cash flow and above market returns. It has nearly $6 billion in investable assets and is relatively low risk compared to other life insurance-type products. However, we believe the business has been historically undervalued as part of Assurant. So a transaction should unlock significant value by allowing us to deepen our focus on consumers' connected lifestyle and our differentiated P&C businesses. We expect that any proceeds from a potential transaction will be deployed to fund business growth with excess funds returned to shareholders over time. In the months ahead, we will provide updates on our progress as appropriate. And as always during this time we will continue to honor our commitments to clients and policyholders while delivering exceptional service. Now I'll provide a few key highlights from the third quarter that affirm our continued progress within our lifestyle and businesses. Within Connected Living, we've grown earnings 22% year-to-date. As we focus on continuing to drive long-term growth, we are moving forward with the build-out of our full-service customer capabilities, to deliver superior customer service to our 54 million mobile subscribers. This quarter, we also acquired Fixt providing mobile customers increased choice through a come-to-you repair capability. This acquisition complements last year's purchase of Cell Phone Repair or CPR that delivers the same-day local repair option. Like HYLA these investments will support the acceleration of our strategy, by expanding our capabilities and offerings, as we anticipate the ever-evolving needs of connected consumers. We also recently launched Pocket Geek Home, which offers personalized tech support and bundled protection of at-home technology, including laptops, gaming systems, and other electronics from accidental damage and mechanical breakdown. While it is still early, we believe this offering is an important step in the development of future-connected lifestyle protection products. In Global Automotive, we remain focused on opportunities to leverage our leadership position to scale, in key global markets. In the U.K., we recently launched a new product for electric and hybrid vehicles called EV One. This includes a new partnership with a London electric vehicle company that will cover their iconic London black cabs and electric van models. This supports the continued growth of our auto business globally, while also gaining further insights into the evolving electric vehicle market. And it supports the U.K.'s move toward EV as a standard by 2035. Within Global Financial Services, we are pleased to announce the launch of a new partnership in Canada with the Bank of Montreal, leveraging our omnichannel customer capabilities, as we continue to reposition the business for profitable growth long-term. Moving to Global Housing, we extended our agreement with yet another client in the lender-placed business. We've now renewed 20 clients, representing more than 85% of our tracked loans since the beginning of 2019. Lender-placed is a critical part of the mortgage landscape in the U.S., and continues to be an important component of our long-term strategy. In multifamily housing, we grew revenue and policies by 8% and 9% respectively, year-over-year. Our Cover 360 property management solution continues to gain momentum, and drive higher penetration of renters insurance, with our property management company partners. The product, formerly known as Point of Lease, allows the customer to combine their payment of rent and insurance. The solution now includes insurance tracking, verification and policy placement to eliminate coverage gaps. We're now tracking more than 335,000 rental units, which grew 40%, since the second quarter. We also believe that our increased investments around, the connected home and connected apartment will drive new opportunities to increase, P&C penetration rates. Turning to our key financial metrics, we're pleased with our progress against our 2020 objectives. Through the first nine months, net operating earnings per share excluding catastrophes increased 25% year-over-year to $8.69. Net operating income, excluding catastrophes was up 21% to $527 million. COVID-19 did not have a material impact on year-to-date results. For the full year, we now expect our operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophes to grow between 17%, to 21% compared to 2019, well ahead of our initial expectations. The revised outlook largely reflects Global Housing's favorable non-catastrophe loss experience, through the first nine months of 2020, as well as continued growth in Connected Living, and our disciplined expense management. Our capital position has remained strong throughout the pandemic. In the quarter, we resumed buybacks and we've now returned over 50% of our $1.35 billion objective from 2019 through the end of September. We expect to return the balance by the end of 2021 as we originally planned, primarily supported by the strong cash flow generated by our lifestyle and housing businesses. All of this is a reflection of the continued dedication of our 14,000-plus employees globally. They continue to do an outstanding job of managing through the COVID pandemic, while providing exceptional support to our customers, including those impacted by natural disasters this year. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review third quarter results, recent trends and our 2020 outlook in more detail. Richard? 
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning everyone. I'd like to start by saying that, we're really pleased with our third quarter. We reported operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophe losses of $2.85, up 25% from the prior year period. Net operating income for the quarter also excluding catastrophe losses was $172 million, an increase of 22% from last year, largely due to more favorable non-cat loss experienced in Global Housing, continued momentum in Global Lifestyle and improved results in Global Preneed. Sales trends across the board have been improving from lows recorded in March and April at the height of the pandemic and we are seeing more normalized levels of COVID-related claims activity in Global Lifestyle and Global Housing. Now, let's review segment results in greater detail, starting with Global Lifestyle. This segment reported earnings of $107 million in the third quarter, up 4% compared to the prior year period. This increase was primarily driven by Connected Living, where we benefited from new mobile subscribers. Improved profitability within extended service contracts also contributed to growth in the quarter. Within Global Automotive results, reflected continued pressure from lower investment income and investments to support growth. Declines in Global Financial Services reflected lower card balances and volumes, as well as less favorable loss experience some of which was attributable to COVID. We also incurred additional expenses to launch new client programs. Looking at total revenue, net earned premiums and fees grew by $56 million or 3%. The increase was driven primarily by 14% growth in Global Automotive, including prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. We're continuing to monitor sales trends, which has stabilized but still trail 2019 levels on a year-to-date basis, due to impacts from COVID. Global Lifestyle revenue growth was partially offset by lower revenue from mobile trade-in, primarily due to the contract change we disclosed last quarter. This change lowered revenues by $39 million, as we changed reporting from a gross sales basis per device to a flat fee per device. As a reminder, this change will remove some of the revenue and expense variability we have historically seen in our financial results, and mitigate supply and demand pricing risk. Overall for the full year 2020, we continue to expect Global Lifestyle to grow net operating income when compared to full year 2019. Looking ahead, we anticipate an uptick in trade-in activity in the fourth quarter, which will continue into the beginning of next year. Volumes will depend on the following: the timing and availability of devices for new phone introductions, the level of carrier promotions, and the growth from new business. Looking ahead to 2021, we expect earnings expansion within lifestyle to moderate from the strong 2020 levels, which benefited from three items. First, $16 million of one-time benefits year-to-date; second, lower claims during the first few months of the COVID pandemic; and finally, lower expenditures on categories such as travel, given the uncertainty around the pandemic. We also expect ongoing headwinds from low interest rates on investment income. Moving now to Global Housing. Net operating income for the third quarter totaled $13 million compared to $ $42 million in the third quarter of 2019. The decrease was primarily due to $51 million of higher reportable catastrophes. As we pre-announced, we incurred a total of $87 million of after-tax cat losses related to several hurricanes and wildfires in the U.S. Nearly half of the losses in the quarter were from Hurricane Laura with the remainder primarily related to Hurricane Sally and Isaias, as well as wildfires in California and Oregon. Excluding catastrophe losses earnings increased $23 million year-over-year, or 30% to $100 million. Approximately two-thirds of the increase was due to favorable non-cat loss experience across specialty products and lender-placed. This included $8 million of favorable experience that we don't expect going forward, including reserve releases related to runoff businesses. Improvements in underwriting and product changes also led to more favorable experience. We also benefited from continued growth in multifamily housing from affinity partners. Within lender-placed the results also reflected higher premium rates. Growth was partially offset by the reduction in policies in force driven by declining REO volumes from the current foreclosure moratoriums and the previously disclosed financially insolvent client. Looking at placement rates. We recorded a two basis point sequential increase in the quarter to 1.58%. This was a attributable to a shift in business mix. It's not an indication of a broader macro housing shift. Turning to Global Housing revenues. Net earned premiums and fees decreased 4%. Similar to last quarter this was driven mainly by three items: The exit of small commercial, the insolvent lender-placed client and lower REO volumes. This decrease was partially offset by growth in our multifamily housing and specialty property businesses. Multifamily housing revenues increased driven mainly by growth from our affinity partners. For the full year we expect Global Housing's net operating income, excluding cats to increase year-over-year driven by favorable non-GAAP loss experience as well as improved results in each line of business. Looking ahead, we expect to see more normalized non-cat loss experience, lower REO volumes due to foreclosure moratoriums that have now been extended through the remainder of 2020, and lower investment income due to lower yields. Specifically in the fourth quarter, we also expect Hurricane Delta to be a reportable event likely in the range of $12 million to $20 million pre-tax subject to further claims analysis, and while still too early in the claims process to speculate Hurricane Zeta will likely be a reportable event as well. We will provide an update prior to fourth quarter earnings if necessary. Now let's move to Global Preneed. Overall, the business continues to perform well. The segment reported net operating income of $13 million, an increase of $6 million year-over-year. The absence of the negative one-time accounting adjustment in the third quarter of last year was offset by lower investment income this quarter. While market mortality trends have fluctuated during the pandemic, the impact on mortality on earnings continued to be immaterial in the quarter. Revenue for pre-need was up slightly primarily due to continued growth in sales of our Final Need product and we are pleased to see a rebound in face sales since the second quarter, reflecting the reopening of funeral homes. Overall for Global Pre-need, we expect 2020 earnings will approximate 2019 reported results. Moving to corporate. The net operating loss was $23 million, compared to $21 million in the third quarter of 2019. This was primarily due to lower investment income. For the full year, we expect 2020 corporate net operating loss to approximate $90 million mainly as the result of lower investment income and investments for growth. Turning to holding company liquidity. We ended September with $460 million or $235 million above our current minimum target level. In the third quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $245 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses we also had outflows from three items; first, we bought back $70 million of stock after resuming share repurchases in the quarter; second, we paid $42 million in common and preferred stock dividends; and finally, we had approximately $10 million of net cash outflows related to the acquisitions of Alegre and Fixt and the sale of our CLO platform. In the fourth quarter through October 30th, we repurchased an additional 330,000 shares for $41 million. Regarding the new debt issuance to support the financing of HYLA, we continue to target an overall debt-to-capital ratio of less than 30% and expect to remain within that target while also maintaining investment-grade ratings. For Global Preneed, we reported a $136 million goodwill impairment charge. This was related to the decision to explore strategic alternatives for this segment combined with the impact of the low interest rate environment. This is a non-cash charge and runs through net income. Moving forward, for the year, overall, we still expect dividends to approximate segment earnings subject to the growth of the businesses, rating agency and regulatory capital requirements, and the performance of the investment portfolio. In summary, we've delivered solid results and maintained a strong financial position throughout the pandemic. As we approach year-end, we remain focused on meeting our 2020 financial objectives and on building a stronger Assurant for the future. And with that operator, please open the call for questions. 
Operator: The phone is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist. Mark, your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey good morning Mark.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning Mark.
Mark Hughes: Good morning. Hope you all are well. On the vehicle business, the Global Automotive had a nice acceleration in earned premiums and fees up into the 13%, 14%. I think you had said that the new sales were still kind of lagging behind last year and year-to-date. Something is going on with the earned with the pickup there?
Alan Colberg: Yes. Maybe Mark let me start and then Richard you can give a little more color. If you look at the impacts of COVID in auto, we saw a real slowdown in the sales back in March and April. Since then we've been recovering. And our -- if you look at the current run rate, it's basically at or above 2019 levels. We just haven't fully caught up the gap that happened early in the year on kind of new sales for this year. But the momentum is strong and the business is strong. Richard do you want to talk a little bit more about what's happening with NEP? 
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Exactly. And then again that's exactly right. The only other thing I would add is obviously some of the earned premium is what we've written historically not just this year in prior years too. So, from time-to-time, we've had season -- seasonality where sales can be a little bit higher. So, the earnings can be a little bit higher. I always think relative to auto as in other lines of business it's good to look at it on a kind of a year-to-date basis and look over the last six months or year for trends.
Alan Colberg: Yes, the other thing I might add Mark is as we look to the future we feel very well-positioned going back to the reasons why we purchased the Warranty Group. And you heard in the prepared remarks we highlighted another step forward in electric which I think will position us to be one of the leaders around that as it grows in the market. So, well-positioned, performing well, and we look good as we look to the future for auto.
Mark Hughes: Just talk a little bit about the HYLA acquisition in terms of potential for customer expansion where they have relationships that you could perhaps build on.
Alan Colberg: Yes, what's interesting about HYLA is it really complements our business and what we do. So, we have our set of clients. We have end-to-end capabilities. What they have are generally different clients. So, they bring a variety of clients that we currently don't have a significant business with. So, they also bring a really superior software as a service and analytic capability that we can incorporate and drive into our programs over time. They've delivered strong double-digit growth over the past three years within their base. Now, they've started to expand. And together we'll have now more than 30-plus trade-in programs that are operating in key markets around the world and positions us well for the 5G megatrend. We don't know fully whether that will be a 2021 event or a 2022 event, but we'll be the partner of choice. I think for trade-in buyback around the world, after we close on HYLA.
Mark Hughes: And then finally your current thoughts on the, lender-placed business, when you look at the non-serious delinquencies. What do you think is going to shapeup on 2021?
Alan Colberg: So, right now, we're -- as we've talked about in the prepared remarks, we're seeing some -- well let me back up even more, that business is in a good place, right? We've been able over the last few years to get the earnings ex-cat to be stable, independent of any growth in the business. And through the evolution of our product, the things we've done over the past decade, we're really well positioned, as an integral part of the mortgage process. And as you know, we've been investing in our technology to really deliver superior customer experience. Now what's happening in the short-term is, we're actually not seeing any growth in that business, in terms of placement. REO volumes for example are down, and are down significantly because of the foreclosure moratoriums, that are in place. But we're well positioned if the market does weaken, next year. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've now renewed the vast majority of our tracked loans. And so, we don't know what will happen in the housing market. But certainly nothing will happen in the short-term. But if the housing market does weaken, you could see, strong growth beginning maybe the second half of 2021.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Alan Colberg: Great. Thanks, Mark.
Richard Dziadzio: Thanks Mark.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian, your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, Good morning.
Brian Meredith: Thanks. Good morning. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions here for you, first on Global Lifestyle, first I guess, did the Sprint deal have any kind of impact on global covered devices much in the quarter? And then, following on that what do you kind of -- or maybe give some more color around? What do you think the potential backlog here is, with respect to trade-ins? I know you talked about it picking up in the fourth quarter? And maybe a little more context around with respect to the iPhone upgrade and the 5G upgrade cycle.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, Brian, thank you for the questions. On Sprint and T-Mobile, first of all, again I want to recognize the importance that, we have of that relationship with T-Mobile. We've been their partner, supporting their innovation and disruption for the last decade. And that is really the driver of our then now participating in the growth of Sprint. We are starting from zero. And there really the program has just begun to get going. It took a couple of months after the closing before T-Mobile really began to convert the stores, as they wanted to make sure, they didn't disrupt things during that conversion phase. So, we're starting to see some impact, but it's going to be a gradual ramp. We're also investing, as you might expect to help all the legacy Sprint stores be in a good position to sell our products, as people come in. So, not a lot of impact so far, but will be a significant growth driver over the next two to three years, as that program really ramps. In terms of the trade-in and buyback cycle, what we've seen in the last three or four years, is that the volume really begins in the latter part of Q4. And then really into Q1. And that's again what we expect to see this year. We'll see some volume beginning in Q4, but the bulk of the volume in the last couple of years has been lagged into the first quarter of next year. And it really is driven by one that new iPhones are available. And if you noticed their announcement a couple of the new models, were out right away, but a couple of the new models are still not out. And so, we'll see that over time. And I mentioned 5G earlier. This is the first year that the iPhones really have 5G capability, which is a real positive. But, when will consumers really get excited about 5G, we don't know for sure. But as we mentioned earlier, we're now well positioned to support our carrier partners with 5G when it happens.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then, two quick questions here on Global Housing. The first one, the underwriting initiatives that you guys implemented, maybe a little more color on, what those were? And what the impact was on the underlying combined ratio, because I assume that's going to be sustainable here going forward.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. Richard, do you want to take that one?
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. Sure, sure. Good morning, Brian. Yeah, I think there -- the changes that we made in the underwriting were across a couple of different products. So first would be, we've talked about it before, small commercial. We had gone into that. We didn't have a positive experience with it and then put it into runoff. So obviously that will persist in the future because we have no plans to get back into that. So that's one positive. And then within the sharing economy I think we mentioned it on a call earlier in the year, we had had one type of product with one client who weren't getting good experience with and that we underwrote to.  So again, I think there we have -- we've gotten good results out of that and are moving forward with positive results. The part of your question which is how -- what will persist or not. We have had within the non-cat loss ratio, some positives this year that won't reoccur. For example some reserve releases of a limited amount that we mentioned in our prepared remarks of about $8 million. Those won't continue. We don't think.  We've also had a really good run in terms of lower frequency severity and things like theft and vandalism. Will that continue? That's sort of a question mark in terms of how that will go in the future. So there are some things that will continue. Some things that probably won't, the reserve releases. And then some things we'll wait to see what happens in the future with our experience. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And then just one, last one on the Global Housing segment. It's been a fairly active year obviously for catastrophe losses given what's going on with global warming and stuff. I mean some people expect this to be more the norm than the exception. I guess my question then is, does a year like the year -- this year make you kind of question your reinsurance program -- changes to the reinsurance program maybe using more aggregate cover to kind of mitigate some of the volatility in the business? 
Alan Colberg: Yes. Maybe I can offer a few thoughts and then Richard you should offer a few more. I mean, if you look at the last few years, we've dramatically changed our exposure to cat. We've done things like taking the retention down to $80 million where it is today from $240 million five years ago. We've exited certain lines that we were participating in the Caribbean. We've reduced exposure by exiting the small commercial business. And so we do feel very good about the portfolio and it's performing well.  If you look at through the third quarter even with an active cat year, our ROE in housing is something like 14% or 15%. And so it's still performing and delivering well. With that said every year we revisit how we think about the risk-reward trade-offs on the cat program. And Richard maybe you want to comment a little more on how we're thinking about that in 2021? 
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thank you. And I think Alan, you hit on a lot of the very key points which is part of cat is managing the exposure to cat. So we're very thoughtful in terms of what risk we're taking on. Obviously lender-placed, we have the exposure, we have given that flows through from the clients too to ourselves. But every year we look at it as Alan said. We look at what can we do to manage our exposure, whether it be bringing down our retention. Brian you'd mentioned buying in aggregate. That's obviously something that we look at every year.  At the end of the day, there's economics around it and there's pricing in the market. So we look at that and say "Is it thoughtful for us to buy more reinsurance, or is this a risk we're happy to hold given the pricing out there in the market?" As Alan said we can have a quarter like last quarter where we do get hit by natural catastrophes. But over a period of time and I would say just one year, our combined operating ratio ends up being well below 100 and the ROEs on this business are very positive. So we're managing around that, being thoughtful around that and where there are good economic opportunities to lower our exposure, we will definitely take that. 
Alan Colberg: And Brian if I step back from housing and look at our overall portfolio at this point, we've delivered strong profitable growth. We expect to continue to deliver strong growth no matter what the market environment is. And it's really that combination of lifestyle and housing capabilities and products that does that.  And as we look to the future and we mentioned briefly in the prepared remarks, Pocket Geek Home, we see a real convergence coming between lifestyle and housing and great opportunities around the connected home, the connected apartment and a whole new set of growth drivers for us as we look to the future. So we feel good about the portfolio. We'll always fine-tune our cat exposure. But we feel like we're in a pretty good place with that at the moment as well. 
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Michael, your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hi. Good morning, Mike.
Michael Phillips: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the questions. One more on the housing side. Not just the last two quarters, but probably looks like the last couple of years you've had a nice downdraft in the expense ratio. I guess maybe you can talk about what you're doing to make that happen. And should we expect that to continue, or are we kind of at a level you like it to be? 
Alan Colberg: Yes. Maybe, again, I'll start and then, Richard, you should add into it. I mean, the business is in a good position today, as we've worked to drive efficiencies. We've, for example, been investing in improving various processes, using artificial intelligence and automation and that has helped us. We are in the middle of converting clients to our single-source processing platform, which really delivers over the next few years a much simpler and better customer experience. But I don't think we'll have continued improvement in that ratio. What I mean by that is, we've worked with our regulators to kind of agree a normal range combined ratio. And Richard, you may want to talk about that and how we think about that with our regulators. But we feel good about where it is today.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, we do. And I think, the team has done a great job in managing expenses. If we think about the last couple of years, we've seen the revenues come down and now they're coming down very little. I mean, we've talked about the financial insolvent client that put a little bit of headwind. But over the nine months, we're down not much at all, let's call it 5%. So in terms of the expense management I think we are at the bottom with the discipline we have and what we need to deliver to our customers which is obviously at the forefront of our thoughts. And with regard to the regulators, obviously, the regulators take into account the experience we have. So if there's years where the overall loss ratio is really high, we could go and ask for some pricing improvements. If it's too low, obviously, that gets taken into account. So, overall, I think, even if the loss -- the expense ratio though a lot lower, we would see that come through rate over time. I think where we're looking at the expense ratio, was from a competitive point of view to be able to operate and produce the most efficiency for our customers, so they get the best experience that we can offer them. 
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. You both mentioned and Richard did and I think Alan did, I know, it was in your press release. Improved profitability in the extended service contracts and maybe what's driving that and how you expect that to continue. Or where should we expect it to be as we get into next year?
Alan Colberg: Richard, do you want to take it? Yes.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I think, first, it has had some good operations, good results in the beginning of the year here, in the last quarter in particular. That's really coming from lower client losses experienced last year. And now what we're seeing is, a little bit more normalized experience, so better experience this year. So we think now where we are, we're kind of in a more normalized place than we were in the past, if I can put it that way.
Michael Phillips: Okay. That's helpful. And then, a bit of a goofy question, I apologize. But you talked about the U.K. and the EV cars. How does the -- just the business or the contracts of car warranty extended service contracts and auto change, as cars become more technology-driven maybe in -- I don't know what year, we have a higher percentage of cars or essentially computers on wheels as compared to the [indiscernible] of cars. How does that change over time, the extended warranty contracts of this? 
Alan Colberg: Yes. No you raised a great point. So as we think about the future, a couple of things happen with the car. One is the car just becomes a big connected device. So if you think about the early days of the car phone 25, 30 years ago, now in the future everything in the car is connected all the time, particularly once 5G gets rolled out. So there'll be a whole set of value that we can deliver through our service contract around keeping you connected. It's basically what we do in mobile today. And we see that coming to auto. So that's one thing. And then, if you think about electric vehicles, for example, you'll have fewer things that can go wrong, but you'll have much higher severity when something does go wrong. And so, we're learning. One of the reasons we've been pushing hard with electric, we've done a deal in China, we've now done the deal in the U.K. is to really develop the data and the learning, so that we can be the most compelling offer to support what we think for a consumer will be even a greater interest in the service contract, both because of the nature of the risk, but because of the connectivity of the car. And that really is an area where we feel our business being in both mobile and auto gives us a unique set of advantages in the market.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Makes sense. It sounds like interesting times in that regard. So I look forward to that. Thank you guys. Appreciate it.
Alan Colberg: Thanks Mike.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bose George with KBW. Bose, your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Good morning Bose.
Bose George: Good morning. Just -- I actually wanted to go back to the Global Housing. Any update on the Bank of America the RFP on that piece? 
Richard Dziadzio: No. I -- the way we think about it is, we have the best capabilities the most value that we can offer our clients. Obviously that process is ongoing and confidential. And as I've talked about before the incumbent always has the significant advantage. But with that said we are doing all we can to put our best foot forward in every process as out there in the market and we really do feel we have a compelling offer. So we'll just have to see what happens over time. 
Bose George: Okay great. And then actually switching over to your commentary on year-over-year growth in NOI. I mean there are quite a few moving pieces there but do you think you can do double-digit NOI growth in 2021? 
Alan Colberg: Yes. Let me -- a couple of comments on that. First of all, we'll provide an outlook in Q4 earnings call so that'd be early February about what we really expect and you shall -- should expect for 2021. A couple of comments though. 2020 has been a very strong earnings growth year. I'm really proud. I think we're all really proud of our people have delivered for our customers and our clients and for our shareholders. But the really strong 2020, it does create some year-on-year challenges if we look at 2021. We had about $16 million of onetime benefits in lifestyle earlier this year. We've never assumed a onetime benefit will recur. We had about $8 million of favorable experience. We just mentioned in Q3 in housing. We don't really expect that to recur. We did have some other benefits from -- for example our expense management actions where we deferred some hiring. We reduced travel. That will come back. So definitely 2021, we do expect to grow, but we expect it to moderate from 2020. And overall if you think back to our Investor Day, we said at Investor Day that on average in 2020 and 2021 we would grow operating earnings so NOI ex-cap by 12% on average. Back in Investor Day we thought it would be a little bit lower in 2020 relative to the 12% and a little bit higher in 2021. Now we had a stronger 2020 and we now expect to moderate a little bit in 2021. But the combination of the EPS growth that we expect the 12% on average 2021 we still believe that's appropriate. 
Bose George: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners. Gary your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey good morning Gary.
Gary Ransom: Good morning. I wanted to ask a bigger picture question about customer behavior. We've been through a big experiment in the United States about what happens when economies get shut down and how -- when people work from home and how they change what they do with electronics or other things? And I'm trying to discern what might be a permanent change in there versus what might be just temporary and goes away next year. And I was -- just wanted to hear your thoughts on whether there -- whether you think there is anything that has been permanently accelerated or changed in how you engage with your customers? 
Alan Colberg: Gary, thank you for the question. And as you imagine we've spent a fair amount of our time thinking about what are the long-term implications of COVID. I think for us the first thing I'd highlight is just how resilient our business is. It shows the value of kind of an embedded subscriber base a range of services that really allow consumers to stay connected. And one of the things that I think COVID has highlighted with the move to be at home more then move to some sort of hybrid working model and more likely post-COVID being connected is everything. And what we do around connecting your devices making sure everything your home is working that's really important. So I think that actually helps us even more as we look to the future. A couple of other things we see with COVID digital. Digital was obviously already a trend that we've been investing against for years. But I think the acceleration of digital is real and permanent. And we for example in the last six months or so we really upped our investment in digital everywhere. So today we feel like an example in rental multifamily, our digital capabilities are at or better than anybody's in the market. So we see digital kind of as an ongoing trend. And then, the other thing we're thinking about are, are there changes for example in global supply chain? So, we may think about that over time. But at the end of the day, I would highlight just how strong our business has performed through this uncertainty and just shows the value of what we're doing for our customers and how much they appreciate being able to stay connected and having everything in their home work the way they wanted it to.
Gary Ransom: Thank you for that. I also had a question on the HYLA comments about the higher attachment of trade-ins. And I just wanted to understand better, what it is that HYLA is doing to make the customer more interested in trading in rather than keeping their phone?
Alan Colberg: Yes there are a couple of things, that are interesting, that will be additive for us. One is their analytics are very impressive. So, they can give effectively through analytics you can offer a better price to the consumer. So that's one important item. Second, with their analytics and their capabilities often now, we can offer a quote without having to see the phone and have certainty that will be the quote for the consumer. And that also increases the attach rates. And then the other thing they've done well and we also do is, work with our clients to really help them understand how trade-in can drive persistency and retention for their customers. So, it's a combination of all those things. But they've got a strong track record of being able to drive up the attachment of trade-in, which is still an opportunity to continue to get better at. But they've shown the ability to work on and improve it year-on-year for several years in a row now.
Gary Ransom: All right. Thank you, very much. That’s it from me.
Alan Colberg: All right. Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Brian, your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. One last just follow one last quick follow-up. On the preneed sale, any timing that you can kind of give us on kind of when you think the process may be done? And then also on that, any kind of thoughts on what the potential valuation would be?
Alan Colberg: Yes. In terms of the process and valuation we're just getting started. So, I want to clarify that we're very early, but we are looking at a range of alternatives. And a good guide is what we do with Employee Benefits which took -- it took us back then something like four or five months to get to an offer and then another similar period of time to close. Who knows that that will be the case here, but that's probably a reasonable way to think about it. In terms of the valuation, I wouldn't speculate, but we are confident it's going to be an attractive valuation for our shareholders. We know from other life insurance transactions recently, there is a wide range of interest in assets like our preneed business. And we're confident that it's not valued appropriately in our stock. And that whatever we do here will unlock and create value for our shareholders over the next four to nine months, as we work through a process and then hopefully a closing.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks.
Alan Colberg: All right. Thank you. And I think that was the last question. So with that, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. In summary, we're very pleased with our year-to-date performance and believe the recent strategic announcements we've just made to focus even further on our lifestyle and housing offerings will ultimately increase our earnings momentum and cash flow and deliver value for our shareholders over time. We'll update you on our progress in the fourth quarter earnings call in early February. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant’s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. And the floor will be open for your questions following management’s prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2020 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the second quarter 2020. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We will start today’s call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday’s earnings release, as well as in our SEC report. During today’s call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company’s performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to yesterday’s news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. We’re pleased with our second quarter performance. We reported operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophe losses of $2.90, up 27% from the prior year period. Net operating income for the quarter, also excluding catastrophe losses was $179 million, an increase of 24% from last year, demonstrating the continued strength and resiliency of our business. Results were above our expectations, reflecting the stability of our large installed customer base, significant client partnerships and embedded growth in Global Lifestyle. We also benefited from improved results in Global Housing. Declines in investment income and foreign exchange were more than offset by lower claims activity and expense management efforts. The initial negative impacts from COVID-19 in April gradually improved in May and June, resulting in a modest net positive to overall net operating income in the quarter. Year-to-date, net operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophe losses grew 24% and net operating income increased 21%. Even after adjusting for $16 million of one-time items during the first half of the year, our results came in at the high-end of our model pandemic scenarios. Given our strong performance in the first half and improved visibility for remainder of the year, we have decided to reinstate and increase our outlook for full-year 2020. We now expect 12% to 16% growth in operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophe losses, an increase from our initial outlook of 10% to 14%. This reflects continued growth in Connected Living, expansion within multifamily housing and improved profitability in our specialty business. Our outlook assumes a continuation of current business trends and, therefore, does not take into account a material increase in infection rates from COVID-19, which could lead to a significant change in consumer behavior, access to distribution channels, or impact to financial markets. While we expect earnings growth in the second half on a year-over-year basis, our outlook for the full-year assumes a decline in earnings from the first 6 months of this year as we anticipate more normalized claims activity across most of our businesses and make incremental investments in our digital and customer experience capabilities. The second half of the year will also reflect lower investment income and foreign exchange headwinds, the absence of $16 million of one-time benefits, as well as typical mobile seasonality. Looking at our balance sheet, our liquidity position remains strong. In July, we repaid the $200 million credit facility drawn in late March, which was done as a precautionary measure. Given the attractiveness of our stock and strong capital position, we expect to resume share repurchases in the third quarter and we continue to expect to reach our objective of returning $1.35 billion of capital to shareholders between 2019 and 2021. As always, this is subject to a variety of factors, including no significant deterioration of economic or market conditions. Recent market transactions across our space further reinforced our view that our stock remains attractively priced. Earnings momentum in Global Lifestyle continues to be strong, driven in particular by Connected Living. This business had a compound annual earnings growth rate of 38% between 2015 and 2019 led by mobile. Our installed base of customers, which represent a significant monthly recurring revenue stream, continues to expand. We are now at over 53 million mobile subscribers, up 70% since 2015. We’ve continued to provide value to consumers in services like trade-in, upgrade and technology support as part of our fee-based offerings, resulting in a better ownership experience and multiple profit pools beyond device protection. At the same time, we’ve continued to deepen our partnerships with market leaders to drive long-term profitable growth. We are pleased to announce that as Sprint becomes part of T-Mobile, we’ll offer device protection to those new T-Mobile customers. We believe this is another example to support the long-term growth of our Connected Living business. And we are proud of our long-standing partnership with T-Mobile. In August, we also strengthened our mobile device trading capabilities in Asia Pacific through the purchase of Alegre, a leading operator in the pre-owned mobile device market. After a small initial investment in 2018, we acquired the remaining equity for $12 million. Turning to Global Automotive, our installed base now includes over 48 million vehicles. We continue to strengthen our client partnerships by working with them to enhance the digital customer experience, offering live online dealer training and sales webinars. We will continue to use our scale and diverse distribution channels to grow the business over the long term, especially as we look at future opportunities with the connected car. Moving to Global Housing, our lender-placed insurance and renters businesses both continue to contribute to our attractive above-market returns. Our lender-placed business plays a unique and vital role within the housing market, protecting both lenders and homeowners. We track over 32 million loans, including for 8 of the top-10 largest U.S. mortgage servicers. Since the beginning of 2019, we have renewed relationships with clients that represent nearly 80% of our loans tracked, solidifying our position as market leader. We’ve been investing in a new technology platform to improve the customer experience. In addition, we’ve made progress with our efforts to streamline and reduce our operational cost. In our renters business, we’ve built a leadership position over the last 15 years. We now cover over 2.3 million renters and generate over $400 million in annual revenue. Since 2015, we’ve grown earnings in an 18% compound annual growth rate, with multifamily now representing roughly one-third of Global Housing’s 2019 net operating income, excluding catastrophes, illustrating the franchise strength. We will continue to invest to enhance the customer experience as this remains an important growth business for the company, especially as we think ahead to supporting consumers within the connected world. And in Global Preneed, we have more than 2 million policies and growing. This business over time gives us strong distributable cash flows, the statutory earnings greater than GAAP earnings. Overall, the level of mortality risk remains lower relative to other life insurance-type products, ultimately contributing to above-market returns. More recently, we’ve introduced new fee-for-service offerings to support the growing fee of the lifestyle market, such as Executor Assist. We believe our overall portfolio represents a compelling mix of above-market growth and counter-cyclical businesses with leading positions and a track record of innovation. These businesses generate significant cash flow to reinvest and return capital to shareholders. These are key characteristics that we believe set us apart as a long-term outperformer and enable us to create value for our shareholders, even against the backdrop of uncertainty in the global macro environment. Before I turn it over to Richard, I want to take a moment to thank our employees for their unwavering focus in supporting each other and our customers during this time. In the past few months, we’ve taken additional steps to support our employees, through an array of actions. These have included one-time relief payments for work-from-home employees, incentive bonuses for on-site staff, providing additional floating holidays and a number of well-being and mental health support services. The cost for these programs and other incremental expenses directly related to COVID-19 are reflected in net income, similar to last quarter. I’m proud and grateful for the exceptional service our employees have and continue to provide, on behalf of our clients and our 300 million customers worldwide. While in the midst of grappling with COVID-19, we’ve also recognized the need to continue to advance diversity and inclusion of Assurant and within the communities we serve, particularly in light of the tragic murder of George Floyd and many others. For us, diversity and inclusion is not only about common BCP and common sense, it is also a strategic and business imperative. Building on past initiatives, we’ve hosted candid enterprise-wide conversations with our employees on race, to ensure that we recognize these issues in our society and within the workplace. We are evaluating additional actions to support in the more diverse, equitable and inclusive community. All of this has continued to reinforce the criticality of supporting the evolving needs of all of our key stakeholders with purpose and commitment. In July, we announced several organizational changes to enable us to deliver on those objectives more effectively. Under the leadership of Francesca Luthi in a newly created role as Chief Administrative Officer, we have realigned human resources, facilities in procurement, along with Marketing, Communications, Investor Relations and Corporate Social Responsibility. A move I believe is critical to ensure we bring a holistic view to integrated stakeholder management, while at the same time, elevating the employee experience, to attract and retain the best and most diverse talent for the future. We also promoted Jay Rosenblum to Chief Legal Officer. He had been serving in that role in an internal capacity since February, after joining us last year to lead our Government Relations and Regulatory Affairs team. Jay’s diverse experience spans 25 years in various legal and HR roles. And I’m pleased to have him lead our global legal function. Overall, I’m exceptionally proud of our leaders and our 14,000 employees and how they have and will continue to live our values. I’ll now turn the call over to Richard to review second quarter results, recent trends and our updated 2020 outlook in more detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Let’s start with Global Lifestyle. The segment reported earnings of a $122 million, up 11%, compared to the prior year period. This increase was primarily driven by continued mobile growth, mainly from programs added in the last several years in North America and Asia Pacific. Lower claims activity outside of the U.S. in Connected Living and Auto also drove improved results. Our mobile trade-in business benefited from higher average selling prices due to scarce supply of used devices. This was partially offset by lower overall volumes due to COVID-19. Global Automotive reflected a $4 million discrete client benefit in addition to reduce claims activity, mainly from our OEM clients outside of the U.S., as a result of COVID-19 stay at home orders. Overall earnings growth was partially offset by decline in Global Financial Services from weaker results in Canada and anticipated declines in legacy credit insurance. Unfavorable foreign exchange also pressured results in the quarter. Looking at total revenue for Lifestyle, net earned premiums and fees were down $40 million, or 2%. The decrease was driven primarily by lower mobile trade-in volumes due to store closures from COVID-19 and foreign exchange movements. This was partially offset by increased enrollment and new mobile programs, especially as carrier stores began to reopen in the latter part of the quarter. Within in Global Automotive, revenue grew 3%, primarily reflecting prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. Sales and auto have rebounded since April and are nearly back to pre-COVID levels year-over-year. We will continue to monitor trends as sales levels today will impact future earnings for the business. Looking forward to full-year 2020, we expect growth in Lifestyle’s net operating income, compared to full year 2019. However, we also expect that earnings in the second half of the year will be lower compared to the strong first half results. This is due to 5 key factors. First, we recognized $16 million of one-time benefits in the first 6 months of the year, $4 million of which was incurred in the second quarter. We do not expect these items to reoccur in the second half of the year. Second, we expect claims activity in Connected Living and auto to normalize at higher levels in the coming quarters, as the global economy continues to reopen. Third, similar to previous years, the timing and availability for new phone introductions will impact trade-in activity in the second half of the year. We are not, though, assuming any material increases in volumes before year-end. Fourth, we’re ramping up our investments in digital and customer experience capabilities to further increase our competitive differentiation. And finally, we expect both foreign exchange and lower investment income to remain headwinds into the second half of the year. I will also note that effective July 1, foreign exchange and contract terms were transitioning our revenue accounting treatment from a gross sales basis per device to a flat fee per device for one of our mobile trade-in and upgrade programs. This will reduce our fees and other income by approximately $275 million on an annualized basis. Through our cost of goods sold, embedded in Lifestyle’s SG&A will substantially offset this decrease. We are pleased with this change as it will remove some of the revenue and expense variability we have historically seen in our financial results. It will also mitigate supply and demand pricing risk in the future. Moving now to Global Housing, net operating income for the second quarter totaled $85 million, an increase of $14 million, or 19% year-over-year despite higher reportable catastrophes. Excluding catastrophe losses, earnings of $96 million represented an increase of $27 million, or 39% year-over-year. Just over half of the increase was due to favorable non-cat loss experience across all major products, reflecting lower overall claims frequency and improvements in underwriting, including the benefits from artificial intelligence and claims processing initiatives. Also, the absence of losses from small commercial, along with growth in certain other specialty products contributed to the increase. Lender-placed results increased year-over-year. Higher premium rates and favorable loss experience were partially offset by a reduction of policies in force. This reduction was mainly related to the previously disclosed financially insolvent client and lower REO volumes due to the current foreclosure moratoriums. The modest sequential increase in the placement rate to 1.56% was attributable to a shift in business mix. It is not an indication of broader macro housing market shifts. Multifamily housing earnings were up slightly due to favorable non-catastrophe loss experience and modest growth from affinity partners. Turning to Global Housing revenues, net earned premiums and fees decreased 4% mainly from 3 items. The insolvent client, lower REO volumes, and the exit of small commercial. This decrease was partially offset by growth in our specialty property and multifamily housing businesses. Moving to multifamily housing, revenue increased 4% year-over-year, driven mainly by growth in our affinity partners. The impact of COVID-19 has been minimal year-to-date, although we continue to monitor state actions related to premium deferrals. At the end of June, we completed our 2020 catastrophe reinsurance program, maintaining our $80 million per event retention and increasing our multi-year coverage to nearly 50% of our U.S. [tower] [ph]. We also reduced our overall risk exposure, primarily through the exit of small commercial. Overall, we were able to leverage strong relationships with our reinsurance partners to keep rate increases on the lower end of the overall market, but we also recognize those higher costs may persist into the future. Looking forward to the full year 2020, we expect Global Housing net operating income, excluding cats, to increase over full-year 2019 earnings, driven by improved results in our specialty businesses, and growth in multifamily housing. We also believe the results for the second half of the year will be lower than the first half of Global Housing. This was due to 4 key factors: first, we expect a more normalized level of claims frequency, as previously mentioned; second, we expect REO volumes to continue to be reduced throughout the remainder of the year; third, the absence of income from the financially insolvent client in lender-placed; and finally, the segment will also continue to be impacted by lower investment income due to the lower yields available in the current interest rate environment. While lender-placed should grow due to the counter-cyclical nature of the business if economic conditions worsen, today’s mortgage industry and economic environment differ significantly from the housing crisis over 10 years ago. For example, mortgage loan underwriting standards have tightened, with the number of subprime and adjustable rate mortgages down over 60% and homeowners today have higher rates of home equity compared to that period. Now, let’s move to Global Preneed. The segment reported $14 million of net operating income, a $3 million decrease compared to the second quarter of 2019. This was driven by a combination of lower investment yields and a modest increase in mortality due to COVID-19. We continue to monitor mortality trends, especially in California, Texas, and South Carolina, given our policy concentration in those areas. So far, we have not experienced significant increases. Revenue for Preneed was up slightly, supported by sales in the U.S. And while face sales have begun to rebound recently, given funeral home reopenings and increased online sales since April, July year-over-year face sales were still down approximately 15%. We would expect new sales to continue to fluctuate. Overall, for Global Preneed, we believe 2020 earnings will increase modestly compared to 2019 reported results. The second half of the year, we expect earnings to be up slightly versus the first half of the year, due to more favorable mortality trends. We will continue to monitor these trends as our current outlook does not assume a significant worsening in COVID-19 cases. We expect the reduction in mortality to be partially offset by investment income declines. At Corporate, the net operating loss was $27 million versus $24 million in the second quarter of 2019. This was due to a lower tax rate from the consolidating tax rate adjustment and less investment income from lower yields on cash assets. For the full-year, we expect the Corporate net operating loss to be in the range of $86 million to $90 million as the result of lower investment income and one-time transition costs associated with the outsourcing of our investment management function. Across Assurant, our ongoing expense management efforts are contributing to our results. In addition, this year, we’ve benefited from lower travel expenses due to COVID-19 restrictions, as well as a reduction in discretionary spending, including deferring hiring for some positions. We are, though, filling all critical roles, particularly those needed to meet our client-customer expectations. As we look to sustain profitable growth, we expect to continue to invest in our core capabilities in the upcoming quarters, while closely managing discretionary spend, given the continued uncertainty from COVID-19. Next, I want to provide a brief update on our investment portfolio. Overall, our $12.6 billion portfolio of fixed maturities is of high-quality, well diversified, and managed for its income yield with low turnover. And as previously mentioned, we have minimal exposure to harder hit sectors like energy, hospitality, retail stores and airlines. Investment yield on our total investment portfolio dropped by 55 basis points year-over-year to 3.62%. This was largely driven by a decline in short-term cash yields, but we continue to manage the portfolio to preserve yield, our expectation is that, our investment income will remain under pressure for some time as we do expect interest rates will remain relatively low for the foreseeable future. However, we believe our consistent investment approach will continue to serve us well as it has in the past. In conjunction with our decision to outsource the management of our core investment portfolio, we sold our CLO platform for a modest gain in July. The sale will be recorded in the third quarter. While we will still have a small amount of investments in CLOs, our exposure to the asset class has been significantly reduced. Turning to holding company liquidity, we ended June with $357 million, or $132 million above our current minimum target level. This excludes the $200 million credit facility draw, which was reimbursed in July. In the second quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $157 million, or 71% of segment earnings. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, we also bought back $26 million of stock. As we have indicated, we slowed and then ultimately paused share repurchases in the second quarter. We paid $44 million in common and preferred stock in dividends. We acquired AFAS for $158 million, and we sold [EK] [ph], which resulted in a cash outflow of $51 million from the holding company. In late July, we also received the one-time tax cash benefit related to the acceleration of our net operating losses, included in the CARES Act passed in March. As a result, liquidity at the holding company will increase by $84 million in the third quarter. For the full-year, we expect segment dividends to approximate segment earnings. This is subject to the growth of the businesses, rating agency and regulatory capital requirements and the performance of the investment portfolio. As Alan mentioned, we expect to resume buybacks in the third quarter, and we’ll continue to manage our capital prudently. Our approach to buybacks will be measured as we continue to monitor business performance as well as the broader macroeconomic and credit market environments. In summary, we demonstrated strong first-half performance while navigating the challenges of COVID-19. As we focus on continuing to deliver on our financial commitments for 2020, we will continue to invest in our growth businesses for the future, while monitoring global market trends. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Mark Hughes of Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey. Good morning, Mark.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Good morning. Thank you. Could you talk about the T-Mobile announcement? It sounds like you’re going to be providing mobile contract services to new customers. Could you give a little detail? Is this going to include the back book as well or is it just new customers? What’s the timing, potential financial impact, all of that?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. No, Mark, thank you for the question. I’d start by saying we’re very proud to be T-Mobile’s partner for the past decade and assisting them in their journey to be the Un-carrier. As they migrate the stores over, the legacy Sprint stores, which they started last weekend, we will be offering our device protection program to all of the legacy Sprint customers as they come into a store. So that’s very positive. It is only go forward though, which is typical in our markets. So we’re starting with zero former Sprint customers. It will take time to grow that book of business, although obviously, it’s a very positive long-term thing. And we’re going to be investing as the program starts ramping over the next month or two, or quarters or so. But, again, very positive and we’re really proud of the partnership we’ve built with T-Mobile.
Mark Hughes: And then I assume this is publicly available, but the pace of new Sprint customers, any sense on that you can share?
Alan Colberg: I think it would just be what we normally see, which is over a cycle, call it, somewhere around three to four years is when people come into the store to turn in their handset, get a new handset or purchase a new one. So, it’s similar to the other programs we’ve launched in the last couple of years. We would expect it to grow and build over the next 3-plus years.
Mark Hughes: It’s great. Can you talk about the mobile contracts overall? You had mentioned in Auto business that you are pretty close to where you were pre-COVID. How about on the mobile service contracts, your kind of sales trajectory, as you sit here today versus pre-COVID?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. If I step back a little farther and talk about broadly the impacts from COVID on mobile, what we’ve seen over the last quarter or so is lower trade-in volumes, really as stores were closed and there was disruption in the marketplace. We were fortunate that that was offset by higher margins as we went through the quarter. But we definitely have seen lower trade-in volumes. Although, that’s now recovered as we head into June and July, things have really returned more back to pre-COVID. If you look at our subscriber count, we feel great about where we are. Our installed base is 53 million. We continue to grow in the U.S. and Japan, which are our critical markets. We did see pressure in Latin America, which is really the most disrupted region globally in terms of new sales. But overall, it’s really a large recurring revenue base that really sets us up well for the future.
Mark Hughes: The losses in housing, the underlying losses, I think you’ve mentioned you get some benefit from favorable weather, which frankly seems you’re [un-countered] [ph] to many or most other carriers. But then you got some benefit from better underwriting and claims processing, I think you mentioned use of the AI. Could you talk about that? How much does that mean for your losses, if this persists?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. Maybe I’ll start and, Richard, feel free to add on to this. So if we look at kind of the non-cat loss ratio, it was a little bit below what we normally see, really driven by a couple of things. With people at home, there was less loss in theft, there was less water damage. We mentioned a little bit less weather just in the quarter. Equally importantly, we’ve been investing over the last few years in our AI and underwriting initiatives and we’re starting to see the real benefits of that and a dramatically better customer experience with much quicker payment of claims, much faster processing. But, Richard, what would you add?
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. Thank you. Just a few things, Mark. Good question. I think part of it, obviously, people are staying home, and so COVID, I think in some respect helped us during this period, as they’re watching their houses a little more closely. As Alan said, really the AI initiatives, the claims initiatives that we have really help us with efficiency and just staying on top of claims much better and processing them better. I’d also say that the underwriting has improved. Last year, we talked about small commercial and some losses we had there. We got out of that business, so that’s a plus for us. That won’t come back. And also within our specialty area, we’ve looked at, we talked about a single contract with a client that we changed significantly. So, all of these things will bode well for us in the future.
Mark Hughes: And just a final one, the $275 million you mentioned in the trade-in you’re going to fee rather than growth; that will all show up in the fee line, and is that neutral to earnings?
Richard Dziadzio: Alan, do you want me to take that?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. Please, Richard.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. So, yeah, the $275 million, that’s the contract change that we had in Lifestyle that you’re referring to, that’s an annualized impact that we’ll have. And if you think about it before we were actually buying in the units and then selling them out, so we had kind of the gross amount going through the fee income, net amounts going through cost of goods sold. Now, we’re more administrating that business. So you will see those 2 lines go down, the income line, but also cost of goods sold, the SG&A line that we showed in the supplement, will go down as well. And then, I guess, everything that we pointed out in our prepared remarks, as we think it’s a really good move for us, it provides more stability in terms of that trade-in business, it takes some of the pricing risk out from us. So, all-in-all, we’re really pleased with it, but we did want to set up to the market that revenues will go down, but we’re not expecting a material bottom line impact on that.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
Alan Colberg: All right. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey. Good morning, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Yeah, thanks. Good morning.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions here for you. First one, just back on the whole T-Mobile transaction, is it possible to frame kind of what the potential revenue opportunity is from picking up the additional Sprint customers?
Alan Colberg: What I look at is, you can see publicly how many subscribers Sprint has, and you can assume over the next 3 years, we’ll pick up those subscribers. So that’s how I think about it. But other than that, we generally don’t talk about client specifics, but it is a very positive development for our mobile franchise.
Brian Meredith: And just curious, as I think about it historically, when you pick up a large customer like that, it’s kind of a drag on earnings, maybe for a year or so, should we still expect that?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. That’s typically the case is, we have the upfront costs for things like integrating technology for regulatory filings, for marketing, for training. So we’re in the middle of starting to invest those costs right now. So it certainly is a bit of a drag in the short-term, but a very positive long-term.
Brian Meredith: Sure. No, absolutely. And then I’m assuming it’s in your guidance for the year, so you’re expecting that to kind of kick up in the second half.
Alan Colberg: Yes, the investments, right, because we start again, as I mentioned earlier, we start with no subscribers from legacy Sprint, but it will build over time as we go through the next few years.
Brian Meredith: Terrific. And then a quick question here on the LPI business. I understand that better quality mortgages today, foreclosures are probably delaying some of the activity there, penetration. But have you got any statistics or do you take a look at what mortgage delinquencies and how they track relative to your LPI penetration?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So a couple of thoughts on that. So we want to be clear, we don’t expect to benefit in LPI this year. If you look at what’s going on with mortgage forbearance, we’re actually – it’s a bit of a COVID-19 headwind. We’re seeing a lower REO volumes and that’s impacting 2020’s outlook. But if you look broadly at the housing market, we are starting to see delinquencies begin to creep up, and obviously our product is an important product that protects both the consumer and the banks and we’re well positioned if the housing market does weaken for a growth there in 2021 and beyond.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. I mean, if you just – to looking more 2021, I didn’t know, if you’ve got any kind of correlation statistics as mortgage delinquency trends are bit standing free, they’re running around 7%, does that equate to a certain amount of penetration that you typically see?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. What I would say is, we’re monitoring what’s happening there. There is always a lag in our placement, but we’re well positioned and it’s just hard to predict whether those delinquencies will translate into our product in place or not just given what’s going on currently in the market. But, I mean, we do feel well positioned and we do anticipate there’ll be up [Technical Difficulty].
Brian Meredith: …last question here, I’m just curious, any thoughts on the Bank of America renewal? Obviously, NatGen is getting purchased by Allstate. Any thoughts around that when that could potentially happen?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So as it’s been talked about previously, it’s common knowledge that that RFP is in the market, which is the first time that we’ve ever had a chance in the last decade to participate in that business. And we’ll see what happens over time, but we do believe we have the industry leading capability in the market. We’ve been investing heavily in our technology, we offer a superior client and consumer experience. So we’ll see what happens. But we feel well positioned for any piece of business that comes into the market.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Alan Colberg: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Phillips of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey. Good morning, Mike.
Michael Phillips: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks. And so, guys, first off just high level on the revised outlook. I guess, how do we think about – we’ve seen some reversal on open – reopenings and some uptick in cases across the country and more concerns there. So how do we match that with your uptick in your outlook with your comment that it doesn’t contemplate any uptick in COVID infection rates?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So I think the starting point is, our business is really driven by our installed base, and that large installed base have nearly 300 million customers, over 300 million customers is there. We have a very resilient business and what we’ve seen even in July, for example, if you go through the various sectors, auto new sales of our product in July were back at or above pre-COVID levels, even as there is disruption in the U.S. marketplace. If you look at mobile, we mentioned that trading activity in July was back what we expected earlier in the year. Multifamily, we were impacted early by COVID, clearly, but as we’ve gotten into July, we began seeing the new sales rebound and be back to what we expected to see. So pretty much across the board. The exception is probably Preneed. Our Preneed new sales are still lagging 10% to 15% below where they were same year pre-COVID. But our business is strong and really driven by that installed base. And so the other important point I’d make is, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we still expect to grow second half of 2019 – sorry, second half of 2020 versus second half of 2019, despite some of the uncertainty and headwinds from COVID-19. So we’ll certainly continue to monitor it, but we feel good about the business trends we’re seeing in our portfolio.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thanks, Alan. That’s helpful. And just a couple of little nuances here. One more question. You’ve talked previously about some places that are overseas, where things were shut down, I think Hong Kong, some trade imposes in Hong Kong. Any impact this quarter on things like that? And are those places up and running again? Or should we expect kind of a future impact from those going forward?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So just to clarify on that comment, what we were referring to there is in the first quarter, we had some disruption in our ability to sell phones into Hong Kong and China. This goes back to January and February. That normalized in February. And as the virus migrated from East to West, we’ve not seen any further disruptions in Asia Pacific. If you look around the world, the market that’s been most disrupted broadly is Latin America. And we’ve seen a greater impact on new sales in that geography than anywhere else in the world. We are seeing a little bit lower claims than expected in places like Europe. Again, probably a reflection of the shutdown, but we’re starting to see that normalize as we head into Q3. So at this point, we see things trending kind of back to normal, both on new sales, as well as on claims.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thanks. And then multifamily housing, typically, you get a bit of a bump there, because of some time. I assume there’s a little bit of an impact there. Can you talk about that and maybe any impact on, I guess, demand? Or any impacts on the rental business, because of the recession?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. We were clearly impacted back in the second half of March and April as people just didn’t move, but that has rebounded and our sales are pretty much back to what we expect this for in July. So we were off track, but pretty much back on track now. And if I really step back on our multifamily business, we’re really proud of the franchise we’ve built. We now have 2.3 million policyholders. We’re profitable. We’ve been growing that franchise rapidly. Over the last few years, we’ve outgrown the market, even as different competitors have entered. And it’s really driven by our strong diverse distribution with both property management companies, as well as our affinity partners. It’s driven by our ongoing investments in digital and CX, which helps us sustain a really competitive, attractive product for consumers. And then we’ve got a lot of potential over time with our point of lease product, which has gone slowly this year just as landlords have been disrupted with COVID-19. But over time, we expect penetration to grow as we rollout our point of lease, which really provides a seamless kind of consumer experience as they move into a property.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great. Thank you, Alan. I appreciate it.
Alan Colberg: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Ransom of Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey. Good morning, Gary.
Gary Ransom: Yeah. Good morning. I wanted to see if I could tie the new guidance at least a little bit into the original Investor Day guidance of the 12% going into 2021. It sounds like you’re ahead of what you originally were talking about at this point. And I just – can you add any commentary on what your new guidance might mean for that old guidance?
Alan Colberg: Gary, it’s a very fair question. We do always look at a multi-year period, because over time, short-term fluctuations might impact any given year. But if you look at net operating earnings growth, so this is ex-cat, not EPS but earnings, we grew earnings 11% last year. If you look at the midpoint of our new outlook, we’re looking at least 12% earnings growth this year. So we’re ahead, both in 2019 and 2020 versus our long-term. So as we think about 2021, I would say a few things. We have a strong track record of profitable growth. I think we’ve demonstrated that we have a resilient business model that’s been proven to be able to navigate the pandemic. We have strong cash flow generation. And we still expect to grow in 2021. It’s obviously, very early, so we haven’t completed all of our planning and modeling for next year, but we are ahead. And so we may grow a little slower next year than we might have originally thought just because we’ve grown more rapidly in 2019 and 2020. But we remain confident that we will continue to grow earnings over time in next year, really driven off of our installed base of customers, some of the new programs that we’ve just won and we just announced, for example, the Sprint, T-Mobile. And just we continue to expand our offerings. The purchase of Alegre in Australia is another example, which really allows us to strengthen our repair and logistics capability, not only in Australia, but in Asia Pacific. So, we’ll provide an update later, but we feel good about the long-term profitable growth of our company.
Gary Ransom: Thank you for that. That’s helpful. A slightly related question, is this dip in revenues that you saw and maybe this is mostly about auto, but was it a big enough dip that it will actually affect what we see in the earned premium and then – and fees as it gets earned out in the future somewhere? Will there be an echo of this or is that – am I kind of making too much out of that?
Richard Dziadzio: Alan, do you want me to take that?
Alan Colberg: Yeah, please. Yeah, please, Richard.
Richard Dziadzio: It’s a good question. I mean, what we’re really seeing is a quarter, a dip and primarily from March and April when the dealerships closed down. And as you know, the unearned premium actually earns out over a number of years, call it – think about 3 to 5 years in the future. So the way I think about it, it’s a small thing. I think you used the word echo maybe. But dealerships, as Alan said, are now opening, our volumes are back. So, I wouldn’t think that going long-term we would see much of an impact, if anything from just this blip in the last couple of months there, March, April.
Gary Ransom: Okay. That’s fair. Thanks.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, Richard. Yeah, what I’d also add is, if you look at car sales, car sales are still down a little bit, but our volumes have more than recovered, which is what we normally see in economic downturns, dealers work harder to place our products when they’re having fewer car sales and we’re definitely seeing that in June/July.
Gary Ransom: And one more over on the renters product, we had a public company or an IPO of Lemonade, with a new technology, and I wondered if – how you think about that, if that’s a threat at all or just if you have any comments about it?
Alan Colberg: We spend a lot of time looking at our markets, and potential new entrants and changes in the marketplace. And what I would say is, over the last couple of years, even as new entrants have come in, we have continued to outgrow the market and gain market share. And it’s really a function of our strengthen in distribution, as well as the investments we’ve made and continue to make in digital and CX. So, we feel good about our position and we expect continued growth in multifamily regardless of who is entering the market.
Gary Ransom: All right. Thank you very much.
Alan Colberg: All right. Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Mark Hughes of Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey. Good morning again, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you. The typical penetration when we think about the Sprint customer base, are you able to share what their current penetration is in terms of service contracts or just broadly speaking, what might one expect if we look at their overall subscriber count, but presumably some portion of that are actually going to be service contract customers. What’s the right ratio to think?
Alan Colberg: Yeah, without commenting on a specific client, because we normally don’t do that. If you look at the U.S., the average penetration now for our product is, call it, roughly high 40%s, high 40%s. So you could assume something like that over time for new clients as well.
Mark Hughes: And then NatGen, the acquisition by Allstate, do you expect Allstate to do anything here in the lender-placed market?
Alan Colberg: I couldn’t really speculate on what Allstate might do. What I would say is we are in a very good position, right? So we mentioned on the prepared remarks that over the last year or so, we’ve renewed 80%-plus of our tracked loans. That was in part as we’re rolling out our new technology, which is a real differentiator. We wanted to work with our clients to make sure our business was solid and in place. So, I think our track record speaks for itself. And we feel like we have a strong and compelling proposition, no matter who we’re competing against.
Mark Hughes: Understood. Thank you.
Alan Colberg: All right. I think that’s it for questions. So I want to thank everyone for participating in today’s call. In summary, we had a strong second quarter and a strong first half of the year. We will continue to monitor trends with the global market related to COVID-19. But we believe we are well positioned to deliver on our strategy and financial objectives, both in 2020 and beyond. We’ll update you on our progress on our third quarter earnings call in November. In the meantime, please reach out to either Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may be begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2020 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the first quarter 2020. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC report. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. Before reviewing our results for the quarter, I wanted to share a few comments regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and our ongoing response. From the beginning, Assurant's leadership team acted swiftly and deliberately led by our guiding principles, to safeguard our employees and their families, to maintain operations and service level for our customers and to support our local communities. Early in this crisis, we implemented a global ban on business travel and transitioned the vast majority of our workforce to work-from-home to help stem the spread of the virus in our communities and to protect our employees. For those employees who need to work from our offices or repair sites due to the essential nature of their roles, we've implemented strong safety and hygiene protocols. These measures include social distancing and the use of personal protective equipment, along with regular cleaning and disinfection of our locations based on the guidelines from The Centers for Disease Control. We are committed to doing what we can to protect our employees through this period of uncertainty, always treating them with respect and providing appropriate support given the challenges we are all dealing with at this time. To allay job security concerns as well as to continue to deliver for our customers, we've made commitments to our employees to not eliminate any roles due to COVID-19 in the short term. We've also offered financial support where it's most needed. As part of our Assurant Cares Employee Support or ACES Fund, we've launched a special COVID-19 Emergency Relief program to support eligible employees who are experiencing severe financial hardship caused by the pandemic. We've already raised more than $1 million through the support of our foundation and personal donations from our management committee, the Assurant Board of Directors and the generosity of hundreds of employees. Since its inception in late March, the special ACES Fund has helped more than 800 families manage through these turbulent times. Furthermore, our Assurant Foundation is honoring all of its 2020 charitable commitments and has pledged some additional $250,000 to aid core charitable partners that are providing food and emergency support in the communities where we operate. I'm exceptionally proud of how our employees have supported not only each other and our communities, but also our customers. We've been able to maintain continuous service for our clients and provide essential support for our customers, like ensuring that their homes remain protected and helping them stay connected through their mobile devices at a time when we are all socially distancing. I want to thank our more than 14,000 employees for supporting each other, our customers and our communities throughout this extraordinary time. You have truly made us, Assurant, proud. Now let's move to our first quarter results, which were strong and largely unaffected by COVID-19. We benefited from continued growth in Global Lifestyle as well as improved results in Global Housing. For Assurant overall, we reported net operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophes of $2.84, an increase of 22% from the same period last year. Net operating income, excluding catastrophes, was up 18% to $176 million. In the quarter, we incurred about $2 million of incremental expenses directly related to COVID-19, which were reflected in net income. These expenses include, among other things, cost for the standardization of our facilities and the purchase of personal protective equipment and technology to enable work-from-home. Throughout this period, our balance sheet remained strong. At the end of March, we had $433 million of holding company liquidity after returning $95 million to shareholders through dividends and buybacks during the quarter. Provide us with an additional buffer during this crisis, we drew down $200 million from our revolving credit facility in late March, solely as a precautionary measure. We do not expect to use these funds. We are pleased with our first quarter results, which reflect strong momentum across our business, pre-crisis. However, we recognize that they may not be indicative of our performance in the coming quarters as the world continues to grapple with the impact of COVID-19. We have run multiple scenarios looking at the potential duration and severity of this crisis to better understand how our business might perform and to ensure we have the agility to react appropriately. Although we believe the long-term fundamentals and resiliency of our business remains strong, we are suspending our 2020 financial outlook until we gain additional clarity on COVID-19's duration and its impact on the broader economy and our business. We believe this is a prudent and sensible action given the current uncertainty. Relative to capital deployment, we want to retain maximum flexibility. Over the next few months, we will exercise caution in light of market volatility and as we enter hurricane season. This will include an ongoing evaluation of share buybacks with an expectation that we will slow down or pause until we have greater visibility. This applies to new M&A evaluations as well. We plan to provide an update on our 2020 view and our long-term targets once we have more clarity of the economic landscape we're facing. Over the long term, however, we still believe that we can continue to deliver shareholder value through above-market growth and disciplined capital management. This confidence is grounded in the strength of our business portfolio. Our installed customer base across Connected Living, Global Automotive, multifamily housing and preneed and our countercyclical lender place business position us well to weather a prolonged crisis. Near term, however, we expect a greater impact to our business as a result of the ongoing market volatility and containment measures and how those could further impact consumer behavior. As an example, in late March and throughout April, we saw a reduction in new sales across multifamily housing, auto and preneed. Within mobile, we experienced lower trade-in activity and slower sales growth. We are taking actions to mitigate potential impacts. For instance, we've deferred some discretionary spending and delayed staffing of certain open roles in our support areas. While we are deferring some investments as a precautionary measure, we have continued to make progress against key strategic initiatives to support our clients and their customers during this crisis and beyond. These have included, among other things, continued enhancement of our self-service capabilities and our dynamic claims fulfillment to facilitate faster claims resolution as well as our ongoing IT transformation. Before turning to Richard, let me provide additional highlights from the quarter for each of our business segments. Within Global Lifestyle, we were pleased to see earnings increase by 20% year-over-year. Our growth has been driven by continued additions of new mobile subscribers, up 15% year-over-year. We believe that our ability to offer bundled value-added services to our installed base of more than 54 million subscribers provides a recurring revenue stream, even during an extended period of financial uncertainty. While we may add fewer new subscribers during this crisis, we still expect our count to grow. This should help mitigate impacts from expected lower trade-in volumes. Another driver of our success within Global Lifestyle has been our ability to expand partnerships with market leaders and new entrants. For example, this quarter, we enhanced our existing relationship with Rakuten Mobile by launching a new trade-in program in Japan. In addition to offering device protection for their mobile networks, the program provides a completely digital trade-in experience. Turning to Global Automotive. We believe the business is relatively well insulated from near-term economic shocks given its significant level of embedded earnings. At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately $8.2 billion of unearned premium related to this business, which will earn over the next three to seven years. Furthermore, approximately 50% of our business comes from service contracts on used car sales, which tend to be less impacted as a result of economic downturns as we saw during the last recession. As such, we remain positive on auto and have continued to look for select opportunities to further scale the business. Last week, we closed on the acquisition of our long time partner, American Financial & Automotive Services, or AFAS, for $158 million. This represents an attractive valuation relative to recent transactions in the space and complements our 2018 acquisition of the Warranty Group. AFAS is a provider of finance and insurance products and services, including vehicle service contracts and other ancillary offerings with nearly a 40-year history. AFAS products and services are sold directly through a network of nearly 600 franchise dealerships with a deep footprint in Texas and the Southwest. For 2020, we don't expect the acquisition to be a significant contributor to our results. However, in 2021 and beyond, we expect it to further enhance our market position and add scale with the expectation to deliver additional profitable growth over time. Moving to Global Housing. Our lender-placed franchise continues to be an integral part of our specialty risk offerings. During the quarter, we renewed another one of our largest lender-placed clients for an additional 4 years. Since the beginning of last year, we've now renewed 17 clients, representing more than 80% of our tracked loans. Our superior customer platform has been a differentiator and will serve us well through economic cycles to support our clients and policyholders. In multifamily housing, we now support almost 2.3 million renters across all 50 states. While the business tends to be more resilient during economic downturns as consumers prefer to rent versus buy, beginning in mid-March, we saw a decline in new policies as renters are delaying their moving plans due to the pandemic. During the last few weeks, we've seen some tentative signs of stabilization, especially in our affinity channel as tenants may be regaining comfort with moving. We remain cautious, however, as we enter the summer, when we typically see greater activity and sales growth. We will continue to monitor sales, persistency and claim trends while also doing what we can to support current policyholders who are experiencing financial hardship during this challenging time. This includes deferring premium where appropriate. Moving to Global Preneed, results in the first quarter were largely in line with our expectations. This business benefits from lower mortality risk than traditional life insurance products and act as more of a spread business. In light of the current low interest rate environment, we've worked with our partners to make changes to their product as well as help our clients complete the sales process virtually. We will continue to evaluate other actions as appropriate. With regards to mortality, experience has been largely consistent with our experience last year. We attribute this to our policy footprint, including the fact that we do not write in New York. In summary, despite this uncertainty, we believe our business is resilient and that Assurant will weather this period and emerge strong. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review first quarter results and recent trends in detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Let's start with Global Lifestyle. The segment reported earnings of $121 million in the first quarter. Excluding a $6.7 million client recoverable in Connected Living, earnings grew 14%, primarily from continued mobile growth in both new and existing programs. Global Automotive was also a contributor, largely due to $5 million of onetime income related to client recontracting, along with modest growth from prior period sales. Global Lifestyle results were partially offset by lower margins for mobile trade-in activity, including some impacts related to COVID-19 from the shutdown of Asian markets earlier in the quarter. Unfavorable foreign exchange also impacted results. Looking at total revenue. Net earned premiums and fees were up $265 million or 16%. The increase was driven primarily by higher fee income for mobile trade-in volumes and subscriber growth across North America and Asia Pacific. Expansion within extended service contracts also contributed to growth in the quarter. Within Global Automotive, revenue grew 9%, primarily reflecting prior period sales of vehicle service contracts across all distribution channels. Looking ahead, as Alan mentioned, we are continuing to monitor trends and the impact of COVID-19 across the segment. While we believe mobile is well positioned given our large in-force subscriber base, trade-in volumes did decline significantly in the first few weeks of April, reflecting store closures and lower consumer demand for new devices. We expect volumes to rebound when stores reopen, and carriers are able to resume in-store promotional activity, although timing of such widespread recovery remains unclear. Looking at our underwriting experience, we have seen a decline in mobile claims as a result of customers staying indoors. In most cases, this favorable experience will not benefit our bottom line due to profit sharing or reinsurance agreements. In Global Automotive, near-term earnings should be relatively well protected from a slowdown due to how the business earns. However, we still have exposure related to reductions in vehicle service contract sales, which in April were down by roughly 40% year-over-year due to a decrease in vehicle sales. In general, new car sales typically earn a majority of income three to five years after being sold following the expiration of the manufacturers' warranties, thereby delaying the revenue impact. However, in the event of a prolonged downturn, we would expect to see an uptick in used car sales, which earn more quickly. The persistently low interest rate environment also creates some headwind. While Global Automotive does have a longer duration portfolio of 3 to 7 years, we do expect investment income to be pressured from lower investment yields coming from new business. Throughout Global Lifestyle, we also expect continued pressure from foreign exchange volatility, especially in Latin America, due to the economic environment. So, while we expect Global Lifestyle to be impacted in 2020, this segment should be more resilient during an economic downturn relative to other consumer-type businesses. Moving to Global Housing. Net operating income for the quarter totaled $74 million, up slightly year-over-year despite higher reportable catastrophes from the Puerto Rico earthquakes. Excluding catastrophe losses, earnings increased $6 million. This was driven by favorable non-catastrophe loss experience and improved results in property offerings, largely related to the absence of losses within small commercial as it continues to run off. Lender-placed income increased, reflecting higher premium rates, partially offset by a reduction of policies in force, including a loss of loans from the financially insolvent client we previously disclosed. And that portfolio has now completely de-boarded. Turning to revenue. Global Housing net earned premiums and fees were flat as growth in our special property and multifamily businesses was offset by the reduction in policies referenced earlier. The insolvent client portfolio also contributed to a 7 basis point year-over-year decline in the placement rate. As we continue to operate in this environment, we are tracking a few trends in Global Housing. In multifamily housing, we see a decline in new sales starting in mid-March. We continue to monitor sales, policy cancellations as well as the impact from premium deferrals, which today are primarily related to policyholders requesting premium leniency. While we initially saw a dip in claims, we are seeing activity normalize, reflecting the fact that policyholders are at home. Within lender-placed, we will continue to monitor the state of the overall housing market, including the potential impact of the current mortgage moratorium, which would delay placement of new policies, but at the same time, reduce lapsation. This business provides critical coverage to both homeowners and their lenders and provides downside protection, should the economy deteriorate significantly. However, we would not anticipate any benefit to our placement rate this year. Lastly, our small commercial business continues to run off as expected, with only 8% of the original block of policies remaining. With regard to potential exposure on business interruption coverage associated with this business, we currently believe our risk is low given virus exclusions included in our policies. We will continue to track state actions and their implications. In summary, while we remain cautious on multifamily housing, in light of the current uncertainty created by COVID-19, we continue to believe that Global Housing is well positioned to weather a prolonged economic downturn. Now let's move to Global Preneed. This segment reported $12 million of net operating income, up slightly year-over-year, driven by continued growth within the business. Revenue for preneed was up 9%, driven by U.S. growth, including final need sales. As we look ahead, we expect some pressure from lower yields on new sales through the current interest rate environment. However, given the 10-year average duration of our investment portfolio, our existing block of business should not be significantly impacted for some years to come. As Alan mentioned, so far, we haven't seen any significant spikes in mortality due to COVID-19. As a reminder, a large portion of our policies are concentrated in California, Texas, South Carolina and Tennessee. So far, these states have experienced lower mortality from COVID-19 compared to states in the Northeast. At Corporate, the net operating loss was $20 million versus $19 million in the prior year period. This was due to lower investment income in the Corporate segment, partially offset by lower employee-related expenses, including travel. We will continue to evaluate additional expense actions as necessary. In light of market volatility, I also wanted to provide an overview of our investment portfolio and strategy. In the first quarter, we recorded a $76 million mark-to-market loss in our investment portfolio. This reflects the decline in valuations of our equity securities and our CLOs, each contributing to about half of the total loss. Despite these losses, we believe that our $13.6 billion investment portfolio is well diversified and high quality. Approximately 86% of our investments are comprised of fixed maturities and 95% of these securities are investment-grade rated. While interest rates are expected to remain relatively low for the foreseeable future, we believe we are well positioned to navigate this environment given the duration of our existing investment portfolio, along with our conservative, low asset turnover approach. Our overall exposure to these sectors that have been hit the hardest by the current market turbulence is not significant. Investments in travel and leisure represent less than 0.5% of our investment portfolio. Energy makes up only 4% of our portfolio, and our investments tend to be in larger and more diversified energy companies. Retail represents 2% of our portfolio and is comprised of mostly large diversified household names. Our auto and airline exposures are each 1% or less of our portfolio. I would finish on the investment portfolio by saying we will continue to apply consistent investment approach. While we recognize every crisis is different, this is the same strategy that served us well during the financial crisis over a decade ago. Finally, I'd like to mention that in April, we completed the outsourcing of the management of our core investment portfolio to Goldman Sachs Asset Management and Voya Investment Management. We believe that their investment expertise and scaled platforms, coupled with ongoing oversight of our in-house team, should serve us well going forward. Turning to the holding company liquidity, we ended March with $433 million or $208 million above our current minimum target level. These figures do not include the $200 million draw from our $450 million revolving credit facility, the proceeds of which are also held at the holding company. In the first quarter, dividends from our operating segments totaled $127 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, key outflows in the first quarter included $57 million in share repurchases and $43 million in common and preferred stock dividends. As Alan mentioned, relative to capital deployment, we will exercise even greater caution in light of market volatility and as we enter hurricane season. We have a robust risk management program, including stress testing our capital, cash flows and liquidity under a variety of scenarios, considering this uncertain environment. Before wrapping up, I wanted to address 2 additional points. First, as you saw in our release, we booked a onetime tax benefit to net income amounting to $79 million. This was related to the enactment of the Federal CARES Act in March. The benefit is associated with the carryback of losses in 2018 to 5 years prior. This allowed us to accelerate deferred tax assets, which would have been recognized over the next 3 years at a lower tax rate. Second, we still expect to close on the sale of EK in the second quarter as planned, which will result in an expected net cash outflow of approximately $54 million plus seller financing of up to $40 million. Both the EK and AFAS transactions will be reflected in second quarter holding company capital. In conclusion, I echo Alan's gratitude to our employees and how they have responded during this unprecedented crisis. We are confident that we will emerge in a position of strength from this period. In the months ahead, we will continue to closely monitor trends and take appropriate steps to sustain our financial strength for the long term. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Mark Hughes from SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: In thinking about some of the specific impacts, I note that your fee income growth was actually quite strong in the first quarter. If we think about, I think you talked about trade-in volume down significantly in April. I think you've seen some, maybe the anticipation is that it will stabilize as things start to open up. How should we think about that fee category in lifestyle in the second quarter? Just some rough parameters would be helpful.
Alan Colberg: Mark, let me start on that. And then Richard, as always, feel free to add on some comments. If you think about mobile, one of the things we've seen over the last few years is that Q1 tends to be a pretty active quarter. And we saw that again in Q1 prior to the slowdown began the second half of March. So normally, Q2 is a slower quarter anyway in terms of buyback and trade-in activity, and that often rolls into Q3 as a slower quarter, just as people are waiting to see what the new phones might be. So I think, certainly, in the second and third quarters, we'll have less activity anyway, even if we start to see a recovery. And while we're on mobile, maybe just a couple of other thoughts about what we're seeing in that important line of business. You heard us in the prepared remarks talk about we've seen new sales slow down as stores are closed, largely across the U.S. and in other markets around the world. Even with that, we do expect subscriber growth. As we've talked about previously, we have these programs that have been launched in the last year or two that are going to continue to ramp. So even in a slower sales environment, we expect some growth in new subscribers, that will help offset the slowdown that we see in buyback and trade-in. And then longer term, once we're through this crisis, it really -- whether we have a big bounce back in buyback trade-in or whether it's just a return to normal, it's going to depend a lot on what new phones come to market, what carriers elect to do. So again, we feel well positioned in mobile even as we go through this crisis. But Richard, what would you add?
Richard Dziadzio: I think you covered it well. I guess the only thing I would add that might be helpful, Mark, is when you look at the line, fees and other income, obviously, there's mix of business, various clients, et cetera. But I would say rule of thumb, probably about 40% to 60% of that fee income is made up of the trade-in upgrade volumes that we have. So maybe that helps a little bit.
Mark Hughes: Yes, the renters insurance, I think you saw some drop off, but then it's stabilized. How much is that influenced by new sales? You've been really growing in a pretty steady range in the mid-single digits, some parameters on Q2, Q3 would be helpful.
Alan Colberg: Yes, let me start again. Similar to mobile, if you look at multifamily, it's a business that is really driven by people doing something, right? So in the March time frame, second half and into early April, we didn't see people moving. And so we don't have an ability to make a new sale. Now again, those moves may just be delayed and it could return if we get through the crisis in a reasonable time period. The other thing that's unique on multifamily is we are seeing some requests for premium deferral. And that's either being driven, a few states have mandated that, others were voluntarily providing it. It's not significant so far to our overall block, but it is something we're watching, and we are putting up an appropriate reserve in the event of people not being able to pay for their insurance that we're providing. If we look longer term in multifamily, I think we're pretty optimistic about that business. If we get into any kind of downturn, people tend to rent more. We saw this in the last downturn, which has obviously been positive for that business. But more importantly, we're still early in rolling out our point of lease capability, which helps us provide a better experience and a greater attachment rate. We also see a major opportunity around the connected apartment as people, particularly look what's happened now, connectivity matters more than ever. So in both multifamily and in mobile, we're focused on ensuring we're there, we're delivering for our customers. We've been able to sustain our service levels. We're still repairing cellphones and getting them back in a timely basis. And we're doing all we can to help out our customers, both mobile and renters and, of course, across all of our businesses.
Mark Hughes: I think I might have asked this last quarter as well, but talk about the potential pressure on investment income from lower yields and how that influences the automotive business? Are you going through the process of adjusting your pricing to take into account the lower yield, so you generate adequate returns in that business?
Alan Colberg: Richard, why don't you take that one?
Richard Dziadzio: Well, I guess the first thing I would say is the business that's on the books today has a relatively long duration, I guess, let's call it, 3 to 5 years. So that business is fairly well matched in terms of asset liability matching. So really, what we're talking about is that income will roll through. And as we have new sales, those new sales will be put up at the new level of interest rates. Obviously, short-term interest rates are very low. Who knows where they'll go over time. But you're exactly right. We would have the opportunity to work with our clients and as there are new sales, to look at what the pricing on the various products would be. I guess the other thing I would add, Mark, is that a lot of the business that we do in the auto sector is reinsured to captive clients as well. So there is a straight, a strong alignment of interest for us to really provide the customer with the best product, competitive product at the right pricing.
Alan Colberg: And Mark, maybe the last thing I'd add in both Auto and in Preneed, these are our 2 businesses that have more exposure to investment income than our other businesses. We are hard at work on adding in other sources of revenue and fee income. So for example, on Auto, we started rolling out, pre-crisis, our pocket drive, kind of our onboard technology, and we're looking at other things like prepaid maintenance, which we're now driving into our programs. And in Preneed, we've been rolling out an executor assist product, which is another fee income generator that allows us to help people at time of need, really manage it. So we're working, just as we've done in mobile and elsewhere, to create some fee income streams in addition to the traditional product.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions for you all. First, on the global housing business, I'm just curious, number one, when could you potentially see an increase in placement rates? And number two, do you have any sensitivities that you've done around maybe macroeconomic statistics? And when or the magnitude of placement rates kind of increasing in a situation like this or something like mortgage delinquencies, unemployment, that kind of stuff, anything that you can kind of give us so we can figure out maybe some sensitivities here?
Alan Colberg: Let me maybe start with kind of the short term, and then I'll go to the long term. First of all, lender-placed, it's an important product for the mortgage industry. We're effectively there to support the functioning of the market, to protect policyholders and lenders. But in the short term, we don't really see a lot changing. If you look at the mortgage forbearance that's underway, it's not going to have a big impact on us one way or the other. And so really, if we do get into a downturn, our product tends to be placed later in that cycle. So someone needs to move into seriously delinquent and often into foreclosure. So if you look at the last downturn, which is really the data point we have, which was an extreme housing market downturn, today, we're at about 1.5%, 1.6% placement rate. In the last downturn, we peaked at about just under 3%. So that gives you some sense of at least what happened in the last downturn. Who knows if we'll have a downturn here, and I certainly hope we don't. But if we do, our business is strong. It's well positioned, and we've made significant advancements in the last five years on our compliance, our tracking infrastructure. And so we feel very well positioned if we do have a downturn, but I wouldn't expect to see anything that is material in 2020.
Brian Meredith: I guess, I'm more thinking about mortgage delinquencies. I mean, if you talk to some of the mortgage insurance companies, they are talking about mortgage delinquencies kind of picking up here, and I'm not sure if you've had any sensitivities around that?
Alan Colberg: I think it's really early days, and we'll have to see how it plays out. But even if we are starting to see what's going on with mortgage delinquencies ticking up, for us, it won't affect our placement for six to nine months. So it won't be a driver for 2020. But if we do have that downturn, it will be a significant roll for us in 2021 and beyond. And as I mentioned earlier, we feel very well positioned. Because of our kind of industry-leading capabilities and compliance, we've been able to renew and, in many cases, early renew the vast majority of our book of tracked loans. So we're well positioned if it does develop this way.
Brian Meredith: And then just, I'm just curious, I know there's a profit-sharing component to the Auto Warranty business. But is there any impact that we could potentially see from delayed warranty work?
Alan Colberg: For both of our lifestyle businesses, kind of auto and mobile, the majority of our risk is reinsured back to our clients. So we really, although they report as premium, we tend to really operate more as an administrator, and we receive fees for doing that effectively. So we're not seeing, though, for example, in Auto, service remains open across much of the U.S. Now what's been shutdown is sales, but service is viewed in most states as an essential service. So if you look at our activity levels in terms of servicing, we don't see a big dip. So it's not something that we're focused on as a risk.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: I want to follow-up on an earlier question and your comments on continued growth in the covered devices. And I guess the mix between, you talked about may be able to add new subscribers versus the kind of a fall-off in trade-ins. Maybe first off, just a little more detail on those new subscribers, where that comes from? And then secondly, what's the typical mix, I guess, of your growth there between the new subscribers versus the trade-ins, with trade-ins falling off in the near term? So what's the typical mix there? And then just maybe more color on the new subscribers that you expect to get?
Alan Colberg: So the new subscribers are the biggest driver of that business over the last couple of years, and they're really coming from the new clients and programs that we've talked about that have been launched in the last couple of years. So for example, KDDI in Japan, Comcast and Charter in the U.S., et cetera. And those programs, once we launch them, it generally takes anywhere between three to four years. You need to go through a phone handset replacement cycle. So even if there are fewer sales now in the crisis, sales are still happening to a degree. So that's why they're going to grow. Buyback trade-in was a big driver of our business back in like '15 and '16 when we really ramped it up. Over the last few years, it's been more stable. We haven't, in key markets like the U.S. and Japan, you've seen the ownership of handsets lengthening. So people have gone to owning a handset for 3 years or in Japan 4 years. That's offset the growth we've had in subscribers. So that business has been more kind of flattish over the last couple of years. Now if we look forward, we see a significant wave of buyback trading coming. It may be delayed a little bit by the current crisis. But if you think about 5G, when that really starts to roll out, and it was going to start to roll out later this year in the U.S. We'll see how widely that really happens. That will create a wave of activity for the next year or 2 in buyback trade-in, and we're well positioned. The other important thing in mobile that's really driven our growth is we've been adding more services per subscriber. So if you recall, when in the early days, we have 1 service, now often, we have up to 6 different sources of value with every agreement where we're providing things like Premium Tech support, our onboard diagnostic technology, Pocket Geek, we're doing the buyback trade-in. And increasingly, we're doing an extended warranty for year three and year four of phone ownership. So overall, again, I think we're encouraged by our position. We expect to have continued growth that just may not be at the same level this year as we've seen in past years.
Michael Phillips: I guess have you seen any signs of, on the mobile piece of customers that are dropping their coverage more than usual? Is that happening at all?
Alan Colberg: No, we haven't seen that really at all. If you look at what's happened in prior downturns, our products because they protect really essential equipment for consumers, whether that's a car or a phone, they tend to be very sticky. And in downturns, the needs tend to be even higher. So we haven't really seen anything. It's certainly something we watch, but we're not seeing any trend there.
Michael Phillips: I guess last one, if I could. On the auto side, if customers become delinquent on their auto loans, what's the implication to you guys there for the Warranty business?
Alan Colberg: I think the short answer is none. It's a single premium product. So we're collecting our funds at the beginning of the sale. So I don't think it affects us at all.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Gary Ransom from Dowling and Partners.
Gary Ransom: So I wanted to ask about consumers' behavior. And I know we, you mentioned how you're sharing some of the benefits on the mobile side. But you've got the decline in revenues, but is there any places across your businesses where you're actually seeing some sort of benefit, maybe on the LPI side, there everyone is staying home. So you don't get as many losses there. Can you comment on that at all?
Alan Colberg: Well, the first thing I'd say is it's really early in this crisis. So consumers have been adapting and adjusting for 7 or 8 weeks now. So it's early to see what really might happen. So what we're really focused on is, first and foremost, being there to service customers. If you think about it, we have this installed base of 300 million or so customers, they still need our support, whether it's for their phone or their car or their renters insurance, and we've been able to quickly pivot to work-from-home for most of our operating roles, and we've been able to meet and maintain meeting all of our service levels, which is really impressive and a huge thank you to our employees across the globe who've done that. So that's important. Where might we see trends? I think it's too early to say. What we've seen is for most things consumers are just being cautious about going out and buying anything at the moment, either because the stores are closed or they don't feel safe going out. We saw the lows so far in this crisis, the first week or two of April, with activity levels dropping 40% or 50% across a lot of the channels we serve. We're starting to see a little bit of recovery in the second half of April, although still well below pre-crisis levels. So again, if you look at our businesses, I think we're well positioned to weather this crisis quite well. We've got that installed base. I mentioned we have the diversity of portfolio. As you mentioned, we have LPI, which will be a countercyclical hedge if we get into that kind of downturn. We've got the embedded earnings on the balance sheet in Auto and Preneed. We do have things like if we do end up with an economic downturn out of this crisis, Auto, for example, generally, you have more used car sales in that environment. And if we sell on a used car, we start to earn much sooner than we do on a new car. And we've got that strong balance sheet and conservative investment philosophy that Richard talked about. So at the end of the day, we're going to continue to monitor all these trends, but we feel well positioned to be there to support our customers and to weather this crises well.
Gary Ransom: I also wanted to go back to something you said in your prepared remarks about business interruption. Can you elaborate on where that exposure was arising from?
Alan Colberg: Richard, do you want to take that out?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, if you remember last year, we had talked about the small commercial businesses that we were underwriting. So it really comes from there. On the other hand, what I would say is, as you heard in the prepared remarks, there's only about 8% of the portfolio remaining. It's been in wind down and run off for quite some time. So it's a small amount and also the products that we've sold have specific exclusions in them. So that's where that comes from, Gary.
Gary Ransom: And then I also wanted to ask about the caution on finances. On the one hand, you're cautious. On the other hand, you did buy back a little bit of stock. You made an acquisition. There's a lot of things that are still moving forward. Maybe this is a layup question. But can you comment on the things that haven't changed? I mean, what is, what continues to go forward despite the COVID-19?
Alan Colberg: The way we're approaching this, and we are, as we mentioned, fortunate to have an installed base and well positioned to manage through this crisis. So we're trying to strike an appropriate balance between the short-term and being cautious in the long-term where we, when we come through the other side of this, if you look at where we've been, we had above market profitable growth. We have a long history of very strong capital return and not, we don't see that changing. When we come out the other side of this, we're going to be as strong with the same kind of track record in front of us as we've had in the last few years as a company. So what we're trying to do is we're being prudent. So things like deferring expenses, holding off on some hiring, being cautious on preserving capital just because you never know. But we are making strategic investments. Now for example, the investment in AFAS, that is one of the industry-leading franchises in Auto. It really fills in for us the geography, particularly in Texas and the Southwest. It also brings capabilities that we can enroll across and it's a very low relative execution risk for an M&A deal because we know the company well, and we know the business well. So we went ahead and made the decision. And that dialogue has been ongoing with them for quite a while. So we felt it was appropriate. We're also investing, one of the interesting trends that was already happening, but will be accelerated by COVID-19 is the shift to digital, both on sales and service. And we've been investing against that for years. But in this crisis, the acceleration of that has moved forward dramatically. And we've been able to be there and support our clients with that. So we're fortunate we've made that investment, but we're going to continue to invest to move more things to digital. So we're making investments like that, that are against the long-term trends and our kind of strong market positions. And then we're just being cautious because what we don't know and nobody knows is the duration of how long this might go on and whether we'll have multiple ways of this going on. So we're trying to strike that balance. But we feel really good about where our company is going to be at the other side of this crisis.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes from SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: You mentioned the cut down of the Asian markets is perhaps influencing your trade-in activity. Did you measure or any specific numbers you can share about how much of an impact that was?
Alan Colberg: So what you're referring to is, in the early days of the crisis, some of the phones that we end up repairing and not using back in insurance claims are sold around the world. The Asian markets are one of the big markets for that, and that was a really shut down kind of the February, March type time frame. We haven't sized it, but you can see some of the pressure in Q1 lifestyle margins. We're really on that. It was the fact we had to find alternative channels on short notice to be able to get rid of those phones. Now the positive is those markets are back open, we just don't have the same activity level that we would have had in a pre-crisis environment.
Mark Hughes: And then how does the lender-placed insurance work with the forbearance plans? People are under forbearance and it goes 3, 6 months. How does the lender-placed insurance interact with them?
Alan Colberg: Yes. I think the important thing to remember first is that the majority of mortgage loans aren't in forbearance. So I think, I haven't seen the statistics this week, but it's under 10% that are in forbearance. So for 90%-plus of our business, it's just as normal. If someone ends up being seriously delinquent or out of the home, it's the same process we've always had. For mortgage forbearance, obviously, nothing happens, right? So as long as there are mortgages in that stage, it's not going to move into serious delinquency. So for that small sliver of the market, we will still be tracking alone. We just won't be doing anything while the mortgages are in forbearance.
Mark Hughes: And then who is actually covering the, providing insurance on the property if it's in forbearance? If the homeowners insure is -- I'm not sure how long they're going to provide a grace period to the consumer or the borrower? But at some point, one would assume they're going to drop off. So does the bank assume the insurance coverage? How does that work?
Richard Dziadzio: No. I mean...
Alan Colberg: No, it's a good question, Mark. It's early days. For now, I think the majority of voluntary carriers are still providing that insurance. And there's not a rush by the voluntary players to cancel people's insurance at the moment. If they were canceled, we would then trigger a letter cycle likely our normal process. At the end of the day, that service we provide is critical for the mortgage industry and we would step in. But for now, we're not seeing anything really happening with the forbearance mortgages that are in the market.
Mark Hughes: But if they were in forbearance, but the underlying homeowners insurance had dropped off, then your letter cycle would kick in?
Alan Colberg: And our primary focus, though, across all these businesses is continuing to be there. And what I'm most proud of, many things I'm proud of how our employees who responded here is we really have been able to sustain so far all of our service levels and continue to be there. For example, in lender-place, we do a lot of the processing, what are called loss drafts and supporting consumers who are repairing their homes, we're functioning as normal, even in this environment there. So I'm very proud of that.
Alan Colberg: All right. I think that's the end of questions. I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We will update you on our progress on our second quarter earnings call in early August. In the meantime, please reach out to either Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions you have. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-12 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode, and the floor will be opened for your questions following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Executive Vice President and Chief Communications, Marketing Officer. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thanks Christina, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2019. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with remarks from Alan and Richard before moving on to Q&A. Some of the statements made today are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Francesca. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our operating results for both the fourth quarter and full-year 2019 as they illustrate our ongoing ability to deliver superior value for our customers, employees and shareholders. For the full year net operating income excluding reportable catastrophes increased 11% or earnings per share grew 6% reflecting the shares issued for The Warranty Group acquisition. After adjusting for certain nonrecurring items, Richard which will detail later, net operating income increased 15% and earnings per share grew 10% at the high-end of our expectations. These results primarily reflected the stronger than expected performance of our mobile business and full year contributions from The Warranty Group. Overall, we continue to evolve our mix of business with about three quarters of our segment earnings now coming from non-catastrophe exposed businesses driven by strong growth in Connected Living. We believe this allows us to generate more diversified earnings and cash flow. In 2019 our operating segments contributed a total of $748 million in dividends to the holding company. This allowed us to raise our common stock dividend for the 15th consecutive year since our IPO and returned $426 million to our shareholders. This positions us to deliver on our Investor Day objective to return a total of $1.35 billion to shareholders by the end of 2021. We delivered strong earnings and cash flows, while also taking actions to strengthen Assurant for the future. We added or renewed more than 60 valuable client partnerships across our Lifestyle and Housing segments and launched several new product offerings to drive even greater value for our customers. Our targeted investments in emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence, and other capabilities, will ensure that we continue to deliver superior experience for the 300 million consumers we serve worldwide. These investments also were made possible by the $100 million in gross expense saves we've now realized since 2016. Our performance wouldn't be possible without the unwavering dedication of our 14,000 employees across the world. They continue to serve not only our customers but their local communities as well. With our Assurant Foundation during 2019, we provided support to nearly 1300 charities focused on helping our local communities grow stronger. Most recently this included relief for the Australian wildfires and the earthquakes in Puerto Rico. In March we will publish our next Assurant Social Responsibility Report to share our progress on multiple environmental, social and governance priorities, which we believe are key to the execution of our strategy. Now let me provide additional highlights from the year for each of our business segments. Within Global Lifestyle 2019 was a record year as we increased earnings 37% to $409 million. Connected Living was the major contributor as this segment benefited from several long-standing partnerships and the market success of 10 new mobile programs added since 2017. As of year-end we now protect over 53 million mobile subscribers, an increase of 15% year-over-year. importantly, we cemented several key partnerships, including securing a long-term extension of a major client relationship in Japan with increased number of covered devices by over 50% just in the last year. Key to our success has been our ability to drive additional value for customers by expanding our fee-for-service offerings beyond traditional vice protection, to include value-added offerings like personal tech pro and Pocket Geek. These platforms allow customers to help solve technical issues, optimize performance of their devices and connect to live technical assistance, all of which delivers a better experience as tracked through our net promoter scores. In the year ahead we will look to further expand our services to include new offerings such as ID protection. In Global Automotive we protect over 47 million vehicles worldwide, up by almost 3 million since 2018. This growth is the result of the strength of our relationships with global OEMs, national dealers, and TPAs and the scale and expertise we acquired with The Warranty Group. In 2019 TWG contributed an estimated $130 million to Global Lifestyle's earnings after accounting for intangibles and synergies. As we announced in the second quarter, we've delivered operating synergies beyond our initial goal of $60 million pretax since the close of the acquisition. While 2020 earnings growth is expected to moderate from a record 2019, it supports our view that we can grow net operating income by at least 10% on average from 2019 through 2021 and continue to produce strong cash flows in Global Lifestyle. Moving to Global Housing, we generated operating return to equity including Cats of almost 17%, which we believe continues to surpass the P&C industry average. We benefited from a relatively mild Cat year and continued growth within our multifamily housing business. While we incurred higher losses within our specially housing portfolio, we have taken actions to limit our go forward exposure and improve results this year. Within our Lender-placed business revenue we renewed 16 clients representing approximately 60% of our tracked loans, a testament to our superior offerings. As we look to sustain our leadership position, we will continue to invest in our more efficient and customer centric single source platform where we have now on-boarded multiple clients and have plans to onboard others in the pipeline. In Multifamily Housing, we grew our rental policies to $2.2 million, up 10%, while also growing revenue by 6%. Our focus remains on driving a superior experience for both our clients and renters. We continued the rollout of our integrated billing and tracking platform, which provides substantial value to renters and landlords to allow us to increase attachment rates going forward. Overall, we believe the actions we've taken within Global Housing positions the business for profitable growth in 2020 and enables us to further generate above average returns and strong cash flows. In Global Preneed we delivered $52 million in net operating income after the one-time tax adjustment in the third quarter. During the course of the year, we continued to leverage our strong long-term partnership with SCI, an industry leader, while also growing our final need business with new distribution partners. This has allowed us to create a more profitable sales mix as we continue to generate strong cash flows. The unique characteristics of this business, including low mortality risk relative to other life insurance products, steadily growing earnings and strong cash flows, provides us with confidence that we can sustain operating ROE of 13% in Global Preneed long-term. To summarize, 2019 was a strong year for Assurant. We deepened our relationships with many leading brands, delivered superior value for end consumers, and strengthened our bench of talent. All of this helped us generate a more diversified base of earnings from which we expect to continue to grow. For full year 2020, we expect operating earnings per diluted share excluding catastrophe losses to increase by 10 to 14% from $9.21 in 2019. The range includes a 1% negative impact related to convertible shares being dilutive for 2020. EPS growth will be driven primarily by higher net operating income across each of our segments, as well as continued share repurchases. We believe our 2020 builds off a larger and more diversified mix of businesses. Overall, it gives us confidence that we can meet our financial objective of 12% annual EPS growth on average for 2020 and 2021. As we enter the Connected decade, we believe it will create opportunities for Assurant as consumer lifestyles will increasingly intertwine with our Connected ecosystems. For example, with the rollout of 5G and major enhancements to vehicle technology on the horizon, we look to address consumer needs in both the Connected Home and Connected Car. We believe that investing in our people, customer experience, and innovation should allow us to continue to expand earnings and cash flow over the long-term. To prepare [ph] we will drive investments, both organic and through targeted acquisitions to scale our operations, develop new offerings and launch new client programs, while strengthening our infrastructure to support future growth. I will now turn the call over to Richard to review fourth quarter results and 2020 outlook in more detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, and good morning everyone. As Alan noted, we are pleased with our overall performance for 2019. I'm now going to review our fourth quarter results and our 2020 outlook in more detail. Excluding Cats fourth quarter 2019 net operating income declined by $5 million to $140 million due to the absence of a client recoverable in the prior year period. In the quarter, we accelerated investments within Global Lifestyle to support future growth driven by strong business momentum. At the same time, we also took actions to transform our IT operations, which resulted in $8 million of severance. Savings are expected to fund future investments in our infrastructure and cloud capabilities. Now let's move to segment results for Global Lifestyle. This segment posted earnings of $97 million, an increase of 15% when excluding $4 million of IT severance and a $9 million client recoverable from the prior year period. Growth was driven primarily by continued mobile subscriber growth from programs in Asia-Pacific and North America. This was partially offset by investments to support business growth. In Global Automotive earnings declined due to higher expenses to support business growth, partially offset by growth in the national dealer and TPA distribution channels. Total revenue for this segment was up $233 million or 14%. The increase was driven by expansion within Connected Living primarily from mobile carriers and OEMs and to a lesser extent extended service contracts. Within Global Automotive, revenue grew 11%, primarily reflecting prior period sales of VSCs across all three distribution channels while our protected vehicle count increased by 7%. For the full year 2020, we expect Global Lifestye's net operating income to be up modestly compared to an exceptionally strong 2019. This is in line with expectations we presented at Investor Day. The main driver will be growth from maturing Connected Living programs launched since 2017. As always, trading activity will be driven by the timing and success of new phone introductions and carrier promotions which can vary from quarter to quarter. Throughout the year we expect to make additional investments to support new programs and future growth. Our Global Automotive business is also expected to grow next year, but to a lesser degree than Connected Living. Growth will be driven by prior period sales of vehicle service contracts. Auto results will continue to be impacted by the low interest rate environment and expected declines in investment income. Within Global Financial Services, we continue to anticipate declines in our legacy Credit Insurance business, which will offset growth from embedded card benefit offerings as we scale our programs in the United States. Moving to Global Housing. Net operating income for the quarter totaled $73 million, an increase of $85 million year-over-year, largely driven by lower reportable catastrophes. Excluding catastrophe losses and $3 million of IT severance, earnings declined $8 million. This was driven by higher loss experience primarily related to a client within our sharing economy portfolio. In response, we've taken actions to improve results, including terminating certain coverages and we are continuing to monitor experience closely. Lender-placed income contracted, reflecting the reduction in policies enforced from the financially insolvent client we previously disclosed. Higher premium rates and lower expenses helped to partially offset the decline. Within Small Commercial, policies are now in runoff and results improved during the quarter in line with our expectations. Going forward, we expect contributions from the business to be immaterial. Turning to revenue, Global Housing net earned premiums and fees increased 2% driven by our Specialty Property and Multifamily Housing businesses. Lender-placed revenues decreased, reflecting the reduction in loans referenced earlier, partially offset by higher premium rates. The placement rate within the Lender-placed business decreased to 1.58% down 5 basis points year-over-year and 3 basis points sequentially, reflecting our mix of loans. In January, we placed two-thirds of our 2020 Catastrophe Reinsurance program and expect to finalize the program in July. We secured additional multiyear coverage with now 47% of our U.S. program benefiting from this feature. We maintained our per event retention levels at $80 million. As we believe the actions we took last year, combined with growth in our non-Cat exposed businesses provide appropriate risk return balance for 2020. As always, we will continue to reevaluate our exposure. For 2020 we expect Global Housing net operating income excluding Cats to increase for the first time after several years of decline, driven by expansion across all of our lines of business. Results should benefit from improved profitability in our Specially Property offerings including the wind down of our small commercial business. Lender-placed growth will be partially offset by the transition of loans from the financial insolvent client over the next few quarters. Lastly, we expect continued growth in Multifamily, reflecting increased penetration across our PMC and affinity partner channels. While still early, we're monitoring claims from the earthquakes in Puerto Rico in January and believe that they will surpass our reportable catastrophe threshold of $5 million pretax. Overall, we continue to believe that we can generate above market operating returns on equity of 17% to 20% including Caps through 2021. Should the economy soften, this segment has potential for additional upside. Now let's move to Global Preneed. This segment reported $16 million of net operating income, down slightly year-over-year due to a combination of lower real estate income and lower investment yields. Revenue for preneed was up 6% driven by U.S. growth, including final need sales as we continue to add new distribution partners. In 2020 we expect Global Preneed's earnings to be up compared to 2019 reported results and relatively flat, excluding the third quarter DAC adjustment. Growth from existing distribution partners and adjacent offerings will be offset by lower portfolio yields due to the current interest rate environment. At corporate, the net operating loss was $22 million, a $6 million improvement compared to the prior year period. The decrease was due to the benefit from our annual consolidating tax rate adjustment and lower employee related expenses. For the full year 2020, we expect the corporate loss to be similar to 2019, around $85 million as we continue to benefit from scale efficiencies. Interest expense should be approximately $81 million. Amount of savings from 2019, driven by our debt financing last year. Preferred dividends are expected to be approximately $19 million. Turning to holding company liquidity, we ended the year with $534 million or $309 million above our current minimum target level of $225 million. Dividends in the quarter from operating segments totaled $276 million. In terms of inflows, we received $27 million in upfront cash related to the sale of rights to future claims from our ACA risk corridor program receivables. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, key outflows included $109 million in share repurchases and $43 million in common and preferred dividends. In 2020 we will continue to be strong stewards of our capital. For the full year we expect segment dividends to approximate segment earnings, providing us the flexibility to invest in our businesses through organic growth and acquisitions, as well as return of capital to shareholders in line with our stated objectives subject to market conditions. We expect the pace and level of buyback to be somewhat similar to 2019 and weighted toward the second half of the year. In January, we signed an agreement to sell our interests in EK to certain management shareholders. Subject to regulatory approvals, we expect the closing to occur in the second quarter. This will result in an expected net cash outflow of approximately $54 million. This amount represents the difference between the balance owed on the put call and the agreed sale price. The amount could increase up to an additional $40 million in the event we provide seller financing at closing. As a result of the pending sale, we are required to further adjust the fair value at end year, which resulted in an additional charge to net income of $33 million. We believe divesting in EK will enable us to deploy our capital and management attention to our targeted areas where we can drive greater shareholder value. In summary, we're pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2019, which provide a solid foundation to drive continued growth into 2020. And with that operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Thank you, good morning. The investments in the Global Lifestyle business that was one of the interesting things in the quarter was the step-up in expenses, I wonder if you could just give a little detail about timing of expenses, the magnitude of that investment compared to the prior periods you're talking about NOI and the lifestyle being up modestly, you've clearly stepped up the investment in 2019 and does that continue into 2020 and just a little more detail there would be helpful?
Alan Colberg: Yes, no, Mark. First is the question, you know a couple of thoughts on how to think about expenses in Global Lifestyle. First, it is important to remember that we have an ongoing mix shift occurring in that business, whereas we increasingly drive services and fee income. You are going to see SG&A growing and you're going to see the traditional underwriting or premium not growing. And so part of what you're seeing there is just about mix shift and that's going to continue. We are going to continue to add the additional services. Most of what went on in 2019 was really to absorb the growth which was extraordinary in Lifestyle 2019 and this set up for continued growth in 2020. You also have the one-time IT severance event in Q4 which was also about setting up and helping fund the transition we need to continue to make to cloud, to digital, to even strengthening further our customer experience. But we feel good about lifestyle's 2019 results and very well positioned for continued growth in 2020.
Mark Hughes: The sharing economy losses within Global Housing, you described that as having an influence on the overall loss ratio. Could you expand on that a little bit more? And you I think described here as the one client, any more detail would be helpful?
Alan Colberg: Yes, so let me provide some context on how we think about this sharing economy. So as we look to the future and the shift in ownership models from owning to renting, we see a strong alignment between what we're doing in the Connected Car or what we see happening around rental and the sharing economy, and we've been investing in a variety of experiments over the last couple years to understand how might these covers evolve, how might our services evolve. One of them didn’t perform the way we expected this year in 2019, so we took aggressive action at the end of the year to improve the results and we expect those results to improve significantly as we head into next year. But again the sharing economy, very strategic for us and something we're going to continue to invest in as we go forward.
Mark Hughes: Is that to say, maybe a little bit of a catch-up on losses in that segment in the fourth quarter?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, that’s – it's Richard, hi Mark. Yes, that's right. We had some increase in claims come in, in Q4 and then put up some IBNR related to that.
Mark Hughes: And then one final question, you have mentioned on Global Auto the lower interest rate is having an impact on that business, any way to quantify that for us?
Richard Dziadzio: I would sort of say if you look at the lifestyle, the balance sheet and the lifestyle business, there is a level of invested assets in that. A lot of that is related to auto. Think about auto having some level of duration that's linked to the premiums we underwrite and the time of business we put in. So there will be a rollover in that business. So as interest rates have come down and the business rolls through, there will be an impact. On the other hand the business is growing. And so that will offset that and that's why we say as we go forward that the overall auto business will increase its profitability.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Alan Colberg: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hi, good morning Brian.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning Brian.
Brian Meredith: Good morning. A couple ones here for you. Just first, I appreciate your walk through the new catastrophe reinsurance program, but with your - any additional costs that we should expect from that program in 2020, maybe depressing margins a little bit in the Global Housing area?
Richard Dziadzio: Well, I mean, I guess first I would say that as you heard in the prepared remarks, overall housing is going to be growing next year, really turning that corner. So we think that's a great thing and a great moment for the segment. In terms of the catastrophe reinsurance, we renewed a big portion of it at year-end. We did have some uptick in the rates, it wasn't huge. That's been built into the planning and the 10% to 14% EPS growth that Alan mentioned earlier. On the other hand, some of our exposures will come down. So that will offset the aggregate or absolute level of the reinsurance premium.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then another one a little broader. So yesterday, there was an announcement that the Sprint, T-Mobile merger looks like it's going to happen here. I'm wondering anything you can kind of provide on the kind of opportunity there and timing, how long does it typically take for these things to kind of work them to play out once the merger is completed, and they decided what carrier they're going to use?
Alan Colberg: Yes, you know, first I want to congratulate our partner on what could be a potentially transformative merger for them and for the U.S. wireless industry. And I think we're in a good position with T-Mobile. Over the last seven, eight years, we've become their partner of choice for everything they're doing broadly in the mobile ecosystem and that sets us up well to continue to grow with them. So too early to speculate on what might happen, and to be clear, we said this on Investor Day, we haven't factored anything related to new clients into our outlook.
Brian Meredith: I am just curious Alan, is there any anything you can kind of tell us and how long does it typically take post, let's say a merger close or does it happen coincident with the merger close that decisions are made with respect to who gets the business?
Alan Colberg: Yes, hard to speculate on this. We're an unprecedented situation with the merger of major carriers. I would just come back to our position to support T-Mobile's growth into the future.
Brian Meredith: Great. That's all we have for you right now. Thanks.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hi, good morning Mike.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning Mike.
Michael Phillips: Good morning guys. Good morning, thanks. I guess first off on the guidance, I want to talk about that a little bit, the 10% to 14%, starting with the 921 from this year, I guess if you adjust the 921 for items this year, there's obviously some moving parts, but you can bring that up maybe from the severance to the DAC, and you can bring it up to maybe 950. And so, I just want to make sure I'm thinking about this right, if we do that at 10% to 14% it kind of looks more like a 6.5 to 10, which sounds a lot like the last year's and guidance. But I guess hey, does that sound right? And I think like that, right. And then if I am - is it simply because of your guidance talks on the Lifestyle being more modest this year versus last year or what would cause the guidance to be if I adjust that correctly, if the guidance be about the same as last year? Thanks.
Alan Colberg: Yes, absolutely. So a few thoughts on that. First, our outlook for 2020 is very much in line with what we had shared at Investor Day back in the spring of 2019. Second, we are continuing to invest and it's important to invest on the back of an extraordinary growth year and Connected Living last year, so you will see us continue to invest in the migration of our infrastructure to the cloud, which improves our delivery and reliability and capabilities. You'll see us continuing to invest in the next product. I mentioned briefly ID protection, but we have a whole pipeline of things that we're going to embed into our offerings in the years ahead that also creates additional future profit, but it's an investment today. The other thing I would say, we're growing off of a much larger base in 2020. 2019 had the benefit of a full-year of really capturing The Warranty Group synergies and driving that into our business. That's good news, but creates a much larger starting point as we head into 2020. The final couple of things I'd say on it is it's early in the year. We are being appropriately measured in how we think about the outlook. When we set an expectation, we fully intend to meet that expectation. And we have a strong pipeline that if that develops this year, as we've talked about in the past, if we launched another new program, another client, that will actually hurt in the short-term in earnings, but is a very positive long-term development for our shareholders.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great. Thank you very much for that. I guess a quick one on the EK, I don’t know, if I'm saying that wrong, EK investment, and I guess what are your expectations that for maybe some capital releases the $54 million [ph] cash outlay the second quarter, but any capital releases that may come from that and expectations on how that may be employed this year?
Alan Colberg: So I'll ask Richard to answer that in just a minute. But I think it's important just to remind everyone the context of why we made the decision to exit EK. That investment was originally put in place seven years ago in a very different Assurant. And it was put in place with the objective to really grow scale in Latin America, as well as potentially expand some fee income opportunities. With The Warranty Group deal, we are in a much stronger position in Latin America and international, and it just became not nearly strategically relevant, and we are trying to focus our efforts around our true growth businesses, and so that led the decision. And then Richard, do you want to answer that question? 
Richard Dziadzio: Right, Just in terms of the overall cash that would free up our liquidity, think about – I mean obviously, we have a cash outflow with the [indiscernible] that could put call and the price we're selling it for. The overall cash out, that would be freed up would be about $100 million, think $100 million. Think about it in that net level. And again, as we talked about at Investor Day that would go to potentially fund incremental organic growth as Alan just talked about, the momentum we have behind us, it would go to M&A, and it would go to capital repurchases. So really keeping that discipline that we've had all along and thinking about, where's the best way to employ that new capital.
Michael Phillips: Okay, perfect, thank you. That's very helpful. And then just lastly, a little bit on Global Housing. You've talked a lot about kind of expense savings and efficiencies there and I wonder if you could elaborate more on what we can expect going forward from here for this year.
Alan Colberg: Yes, so I'll start and then Richard feel free to add on to it. First of all, we were disappointed in the 2019 results of housing. But I think we took actions collectively that put housing into a much better position as we head into 2020. If you look at Lender-placed homeowners, extraordinary progress last year, kind of in consolidating our franchise, beginning to make real progress and converting clients to our Single Source Processing System, which will continue. That affects our expenses every time we convert one, we can then reduce some expenses related to that. So that business is well positioned and then with the reductions we've taken in the retention on the Cat exposure, we feel good about that business. Multifamily, although the growth was a little bit slower, it's still above market. We continue to gain share, and we have consolidated our position there by investing in digital and being able to provide a new way to acquire that product. And then finally in Specialty, obviously the real disappointments last year, but at the end of the day, we're running experiments, if they work great, and then we scale them. If they don't we take decisive action and as you heard Richard say, we did that on Small Commercial and it's now going to be kind of immaterial in 2020.
Richard Dziadzio: I would just add, just overall, we have a great expense discipline in the company and culture in the company. So we are looking at across the board to make sure we're leveraging the power of the size that we have, so that's one thing. I guess in terms of the ratio itself, expense ratio, as we've cut down a couple of these businesses that haven't been positive for us, you might see a little pressure on that, but not much at all. And then the last thing I'd say is, if you look at our combined ratio and housing for the year about 89%, including Cats, it's a very good ratio all in, and it's well within what we've talked about at Investor Day.
Michael Phillips: Okay, thank you. And this last one, sorry, I might have missed this, but I'm still a little confused on the Lifestyle side kind of increases. Therefore expenses this year versus last year in terms of the investment, I know you talked about earlier in one of the questions, but again, I may have missed it, but can you kind of maybe turn on a little bit more on what we can expect for kind of a run rate going forward for the Lifestyle expenses this year?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So to clarify, maybe what I said earlier, so probably the biggest thing going on in Lifestyle is this evolving business mix, where as we grow, what's growing disproportionately our fee income and services, those are primarily expense driven. And so you're going to see that effect continuing of SG&A growing faster than you might expect. But it's because we're creating new fee income streams that are diversifying our earnings that don't have exposure or volatility really in those earnings. I think that's a big positive. If you look at investments, hard to say exactly how investments this year will compare to last year, a lot will depend on whether we're able to sign some new clients. Because a big part of our investment is when we sign a new client, we have to ramp up the people, the technology, the marketing, the filings, et cetera. But we're going to continue to invest. This is a business that has a history now for many years of strong double-digit growth on average. And we see that continuing into the future, so we're going to continue to invest in lifestyle.
Michael Phillips: Okay, perfect. Thanks very much.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from Gary Ransom from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Gary Ransom: Good morning guys.
Alan Colberg: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Ransom: Good morning. I had a question on Global Healthcare recovery, was the amount you received the actual reduction in the valuation allowance and is there anything – is there any additional potential on that?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, so for those who weren't following the company five years ago, this relates to the 2015 risk corridor when we were winding down the Health Insurance business. We were owed a little bit over $100 million by the U.S. Government. We did not think it was collectible. So we fully wrote it off back in 2015. So we had zero carrying value. We received $27 million pretax inflow as part of selling our right to that recoverable. We also have a gain share if there is recovery above the $27 million, but given the uncertainty that still exists to whether there will ever be a payment on that, we have not put anything on the books for that gained share.
Gary Ransom: So it sounds like the $27 million is sort of a close to the final part of the story?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, unless there's some extraordinary payout on that eventually, but yes for now, that's what we realistically expect to get from that receivable.
Gary Ransom: Okay. I also had a question on Preneed, you didn't really say a lot about the guidance for that business. Is there anything to add about what you expect on the operating earnings in that segment?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think the important thing to remember on Preneed is it's a strong, pretty predictable business that is delivering on average 13% ROE, which we believe is, better than typical for that industry. We have a long-term partnership with the industry leader, and we expect slow - we're not trying to grow that business in a meaningful way. It's just a slow, steady growth just growing with the industry contributing cash flow that we're using to invest elsewhere in the company.
Gary Ransom: Does owning that business give you any advantages or diversification benefits with the rating agencies?
Alan Colberg: Well yes, I mean it is part of the diversity that we get overall. I mean, I put it into perspective, though, I mean, given the size of it and the relative size of Assurant, I would say that's, fairly, fairly small. And I mean, some of the headwinds we have in investment rates, interest rates too are kind of our - are part of what allows us to say that, earnings will be fairly modest next year, will be up relative to what we posted this year on DAC, but then, fairly flat next year.
Gary Ransom: Okay. Thank you. And I guess I wanted to also follow up on the reconciling in my own mind, the guidance you gave at Investor Day, with 2020 kind of being a dip in this path, this 12% EPS growth and then, more or less recovering in 2021. Is everything you're talking about today consistent with that from your point of view, are there any nuances that you'd like to add on that?
Alan Colberg: No, I would say it's very consistent with what we saw as we were preparing for Investor Day last year. I would say I think the business is stronger today with more momentum and a diversified larger base of earnings, but largely consistent with what we had expected for 2020 and looking out into the future.
Gary Ransom: Did you actually pull for, I think I heard during your original remarks, maybe Richard, that you had pulled forward some of the expenses in this severance charge, did you clarify on that?
Richard Dziadzio: Well, essentially what we're saying is at the end of 2019 we had severance charges. So severance charges would be that reduction in staff going into this year, that reduction in staff would decrease the expenses. We're not expecting that to fall to the bottom line. What we're expecting to do is redeploy that in the IT infrastructure, the cloud capabilities that we mentioned, et cetera.
Gary Ransom: Are there additional severance charges that might be coming as we go into 2020?
Richard Dziadzio: Nothing that wouldn't be outside the BAU type of stuff, that was exceptional for us.
Gary Ransom: Okay. Yes and just one more thing on the sharing economy loss, it sounds like there were, by saying you're correcting it and getting the underwriting or pricing right, that there's some sort of loss characteristic of this business that's a feature of the business, so to speak. I mean, can you help clarify, is there something about sharing economy risk that is notably different than what you thought?
Alan Colberg: No, this was really an issue with one client where we ran into some unexpected problems and how their business performed with us. But overall, I think we continue to be encouraged by the progress there and ultimately see some of the products and capabilities that are being integrated into our offerings around the auto, for example.
Gary Ransom: Okay, I guess that's all I have. Thank you very much.
Richard Dziadzio: Thanks, Gary.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is coming from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Hey, just a quick question on the Lender-placed business, when we think about rates in 2020 versus 2019, how is your pricing year-on-year? Presumably there's some underlying inflation on materials, et cetera. So what would one anticipate other things being equal going to aggregate the price increase or if it is not?
Alan Colberg: Yes, let me let me start on that. I mean, the good news on Lender-placed is that business is in a really strong position today. We've addressed all of the regulatory issues now many years in the past. Our rates are ordinary of course, they reflect our experience, and on balance rates are going up.
Mark Hughes: Any way to characterize that low single or mid single?
Richard Dziadzio: I guess the way that we look at it, as we look at the rates, but we also look at the placement rate. So overall it was the impact on the profitability of the business and we've seen that the rates, I mean obviously, they vary by state to state. But as Alan said, overall, they're up and they offset or partially offset, kind of the placement rate the decrease in the placement rate that we have, so it is kind of balancing it to a certain extent.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: Okay. Thanks Mark.
Alan Colberg: All right, well I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We're very pleased with our performance in 2019 and we're looking forward to another strong year in 2020. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our first quarter earnings call in May. In the meantime, please reach out to Sean Moshier with any follow up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, Jack, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2019 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the third quarter 2019. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results were strong, driven by continued momentum in our Global Lifestyle business, where earnings increased 35% year-over-year. Growth was mainly driven by mobile, which benefited from new and existing clients. We now support 52 million mobile subscribers, an increase of 18% year-over-year. At the same time, we invested in our business to support the launch of new offerings and client programs, while expanding our infrastructure to support future growth. These investments which will continue into the fourth quarter will help sustain double-digit earnings expansion and strong cash flows long-term. In the third quarter within Global Lifestyle, we launched a new partnership in Japan with Rakuten, a large e-commerce retailer. We're now providing mobile device protection for their existing and expanding mobile networks. Given our shared commitment to provide a superior customer experience, our offering also includes a fully digital claims experience and a rapid four hour mobile delivery service. In the U.S., we renewed our 13-year partnership with DISH Network to continue to provide extended service contract protection for satellite receivers and set-top boxes. These partnerships are a testament to our differentiated capabilities since we made to strive more value to our partners and better experiences for their customers. Our market success with new and long-term clients positions us well to play a key role in the connected living ecosystem, supporting mobile carriers, OEMs and cable and satellite operators. As we look to further enhance the customer experience, last week we announced our acquisition of CPR, a leading provider of local device repair services. With more than 700 franchise stores globally, this investment broadens our fulfillment options, providing customers increased choice through same-day repair options. Longer-term, we believe we can drive incremental revenue growth and operational efficiencies as we cross-sell protection programs and other services. In global automotive, we remain focused on identifying opportunities to leverage our leadership position to scale in key global markets. In China, we recently refocused our operations to capitalize on the sizable auto opportunity, including the growing electric vehicle market. This includes a new partnership with the leading Chinese OEM focused solely on electric vehicles. This supports the expansion of our auto business globally, while also gaining further insights into the evolving electric vehicle market. Overall, our offerings and new partnership support our Investor Day objectives for Global Lifestyle. We believe that we can grow net operating income in the segment by at least 10% on average from 2019 to 2021, and continue to produce strong cash flows. Moving to Global Housing, I would like to start by thanking all of our employees who supported our policyholders during hurricane Dorian and tropical storm Imelda. As we preannounced, we incurred $36 million of after-tax losses mainly related to those events. Our relentless focus on customer service remains a competitive differentiator. This quarter, within our lender placed business, we renewed another three client partnerships accounting for 3 million tracked loans. Looking at the past year, we’ve now renewed client relationships representing more than half of our tracked loans, further solidifying the strength of our franchise. Overall for the segment, we're focused on continuing to deliver strong cash flows and better than market return on equity targeting between 17% to 20% return on equity with an average cat load. This will be supported by the expansion of our specially property offerings, including multifamily housing. Turning to Global Preneed, we produced strong earnings excluding a one-time adjustment, which Richard will detail later. Preneed assets were up 4% year-over-year, reflecting growth in face sales. Additionally, we've seen [technical difficulty] just to a multi payer mix of business, which will further strengthen our ability to sustain solid returns and cash flows. We remain confident that we can deliver above market operating return equity of 13% long-term. Looking at our key financial metrics in the first nine months of 2019, net operating income excluding catastrophes was up 17% to $435 million, mainly from TWG contributions, including realized synergies as well as significant organic growth. We also reported net operating earnings per share excluding catastrophes of $6.96, an increase of 9% year-over-year. This was driven by strong earnings growth, partially offset by the impact of shares issued last year for the TWG acquisition. At the end of September, holding company liquidity totaled $385 million after returning $103 million to shareholders in the quarter. Through the end of the third quarter, we’ve returned a total of $279 million to shareholders. Year-to-date, we're pleased with our progress against our 2019 commitments. For the full-year, we still expect earnings-per-share growth between 6% to 10% compared to 2018. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on our Investor Day objectives to expand earnings by double digits, drive strong cash flow and return $1.35 billion to shareholders through 2021. The best is for that we deliver on these commitments, we're focused on a few critical multiyear priorities, our people, customer experience and innovation. Our people are and always will be central to our success. We will stay focused on finding ways to attract, retain and further develop our top talent and strengthen our culture around the world. Customer experience remains a key competitive differentiator for our organization. Our focus will be on finding new ways whether through technology, new offerings or other means to raise the bar on the experience we create and deliver to end consumers. Doing so, will also result in deeper relationships with our key clients, particularly in global mobile, auto and multifamily housing. And lastly, innovation. We will put even greater emphasis on driving how we will innovate across our business to support the ever-connected lifestyle of consumers globally. I will now turn the call over to Richard to review segment results and our 2019 outlook in greater detail. Richard?
A - Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with Global Lifestyle. Segment reported earnings of $102 million for the third quarter, up $26 million year-over-year. As Alan noted, performance was driven by strong results in mobile, which reflected continued subscriber growth from carriers in Asia/Pacific and North America, including the launch of Metro by T-Mobile in July. U.S., trade-in volumes also increased year-over-year and Europe benefited from better operating performance. Global automotive, earnings were up $4 million, reflecting organic growth particularly in the U.S. Total revenue for the segment was up $208 million or 13%. The increase was driven by connected living growth, primarily in mobile expansion across our suite of offerings for carriers, OEMs and cable operators. To a lesser extent, we also saw growth through extended service contracts. Auto revenue [technical difficulty] 4% relative to a strong quarter last year, both reflected prior period sales, international dealer and PPA channels. As we’ve previously highlighted, we expect to accelerate investments to support growth, particularly in mobile in the fourth quarter, mainly reflecting initial program start up expenses for new clients and our strong pipeline. This should result in modestly lower earnings for lifestyle in the second half of 2019 compared to the first half, but in line with our original expectations. Looking ahead to 2020, earnings expansion will moderate as we will grow up a much higher base in 2019, which benefited from a full-year TWG contributions. While growth may not be linear, we still expect earnings to increase at an average annual growth rate of 10% over the period '19 to 2021. Moving to Global Housing. Net operating income for the quarter totaled $42 million compared to $19 million in the third quarter of 2018. The increase was primarily due to $31 million of lower reportable catastrophes. Excluding reportable cats, earnings declined $9 million. This reflected lower income for lender placed, driven by year-over-year decline in placement rates and policies in force as well as a less favorable non-cat loss ratio. Losses from our small commercial products improved from the first half of this year. In the quarter, we strengthened our reserves to account for recent loss trends and we will continue to monitor claims experience closely. Turning to revenue, Global Housing net earned premiums and fees declined, reflecting the sale of mortgage solutions in August 2018. Excluding mortgage solutions, revenue grew modestly driven by our multifamily housing and specialty property businesses, partially offset by declines in lender-placed. Looking at lender-placed in greater detail, the placement rate declined 6 basis points year-over-year and remained unchanged sequentially, consistent with the anticipated portfolio changes. Looking ahead, due to the insolvency, one of our clients we expect our tracked loan account to decline by approximately $600,000 over the next few quarters. This block of business represents approximately $70 million of annualized revenue and is expected to transition starting in the fourth quarter. For Global Housing overall, we continue to expect net operating income for 2019 to be down modestly, excluding cat losses due to the elevated small commercial losses incurred this year. Lender-placed earnings excluding the higher cat reinsurance cost will likely be down slightly compared to 2018 rather than flat, once we take into account higher non-cat losses and the reduction in loans referenced earlier. We expect sustained growth in multifamily housing and expense management to partially mitigate the declines. Now let's move to Global Preneed. The segment reported $7 million in net operating income, a $9 million year-over-year decrease. The decrease was driven by an error in the calculation of our deferred acquisition costs over a 10-year period. The chart was immaterial to any period, but aggregated to $10 million in the third quarter. Excluding the charge, earnings were up -- earnings were $17 million, up modestly from the prior period, driven by both higher income from real estate joint venture partnerships and increased assets. Revenue in Preneed was up 6%, driven by continued growth in the U.S including strong sales of our Final Need product. We now expect Global Preneed's earnings to decline due to the one-time accounting adjustment. Excluding the adjustment, results would have trended in line with our original expectations for the year. At corporate, the net operating loss was $21 million, up $2 million compared to the prior year period. This was a result of lower tax rate due to the net loss in the quarter. The net loss was primarily driven by investment in Iké Asistencia. For the full year 2019, we still expect to approximate 2018 levels or roughly $85 million. As we announced in May, we began a process to explore strategic options for Iké. In the quarter, we recorded a $125 million charge to net income, reflecting our intent to sell the asset. The charges based on the current estimated value of our 40% ownership interest, the value of our put call option and the cumulative foreign-currency losses. However, as the process is ongoing, there can be no guarantees that we will ultimately conclude a sale. Turning to the holding company liquidity, we ended September with $385 million or about $160 million above our current minimum target level of $225 million. Dividends in the quarter from our operating segments totaled $217 million. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, the outflows included $65 million in share repurchases, $42 million in common and preferred dividends and $28 million mainly related to a contingent payment for a block of flood policies acquired in 2016. In the quarter, we also had cash outflows of $39 million related to expenses from refinancing debt at a lower interest rate. We are pleased, we were able to secure new 10-year senior notes and attractive coupon, lowering our overall interest costs to approximately $80 million after tax on an annualized basis, while lengthening the maturity of our borrowings. For the full-year 2019, we expect dividends from our operating segments to approximate segment operating earnings. We brought up nearly 90% of segment net operating earnings as dividends to the holding company through the first nine months of the year. Overall, these dividend should provide flexibility to invest in our businesses and return capital to shareholders -- market conditions. In summary, we’ve demonstrated strong performance in the quarter. We remain focused on delivering profitable growth and meeting our financial commitments for 2019 to service a stronger foundation for 2020 and beyond. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey. Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Good morning, Alan. Good morning, Richard. Richard, you would talk about the guidance. Both of you did the 10% annual growth between 2019 and 2021. Could you make a commentary about 2020 in the course of that?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, Mark. So as we will always do and have done in our fourth quarter earnings call in February, we will provide a lot more granularity on how we think about 2020. But we're still very confident in the view that we provided back at Investor Day of on average annual growth of 10% plus for lifestyle, 12% plus for EPS. The challenge in 2020 for lifestyle is we’ve had such a strong growth in 2019 that we have a much higher base and we had a full-year of the TWG synergies, that’s going to make it just harder to sustain that level of growth in 2020. But the business is well positioned and we feel our franchises are strong.
Mark Hughes: Your point is that it will be hard to sustain this level of growth, but you still feel confidence in the guidance that you provided? Is that fair?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Yes, Mark, that’s correct.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then the -- from a TWG perspective, I think your outlook for costs you said that the cost efficiencies you set at the higher end of the range [technical difficulty], anything more -- any other opportunities you see on a go forward basis either from a [technical difficulty] cost efficiencies, the efficiency of your repair network that we might anticipate?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think if we step back, we feel very good about the TWG acquisition and the integration. As we said earlier this year, we've achieved our synergy commitment publicly ahead of plan. With that said, we continue to look for growth opportunities. I think I mentioned on the call about our new partnership in China this quarter on electric vehicles. We would never have achieved that without the warranty group. And so over time, we are going to look for other opportunities like that that will enable us to grow revenue not just improve their profitability. So I think we are well positioned and at this point we’re a global market leader in auto and we are trying to leverage that scale everywhere we can.
Mark Hughes: And then, last question on the lender-placed business. You held steady in terms of placement rate. The placement rates in the last couple of quarters I think there has been some mix that’s influenced that. Can you talk about on an underlying basis, it seems like some of the data at least on early delinquencies is suggesting an uptick. And I wonder whether you are seeing any impact of that or what’s the normal timing where you would see an impact on your [technical difficulty] rates, if early stage delinquencies are starting to move up?
Alan Colberg: Yes, I think it's fair to say we are not really seeing anything in our business at the moment. The reality is in that business, it is a big countercyclical hedge. We don't tend to place until it's later in the cycle. The loan has moved into serious delinquency foreclosure. So if there is any slowdown starting to happen, that will benefit us later.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: John Nadel with UBS. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, John.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning, John.
John Nadel: Thanks. Good morning, Alan. Good morning, Richard. So I think this is the first quarter that the year-over-year comparison within lifestyle is fully inclusive in both periods of the warranty group, correct? So the revenue growth, I think ex-currency the 14%, 14.5% year-over-year. Is that Alan, is you think about 2020? Is that the piece of the growth rate where you say, probably a little bit more challenging to sustain that on a year-over-year basis, and therefore that growth rate maybe slows down and that's the reason why earnings growth slows down, or is it really just the fact that you’ve got such a faster pace of earnings growth in 2019 owing to things that you mentioned like the expense synergies?
Alan Colberg: Yes. John, I appreciate the question. So the challenge with revenue as we’ve talked about in prior quarters, if we change the contract structure which happens often with our clients, our revenue could go down, or go up, but it's -- has really no effect on our earnings. So we tend to focus much more on the NOI in that business. And the …
John Nadel: Got you.
Alan Colberg: … as I mentioned, we’ve had such strong growth this year, we’ve a full-year of the warrant group synergies. It's hard to build off of that at the same level that we’ve grown in 2019. We also -- we mentioned several new clients on this call. We’ve others, we didn't mention on the call, we're continuing to invest and our pipeline remains very robust for global lifestyle overall.
John Nadel: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I just want to think in terms of order of magnitude, last quarter you guys appropriately sort of gave us some help unexpecting that Lifestyle earnings in the back half of '19 would be down modestly from the front half of '19. As we look -- as you look at the third quarter [technical difficulty] of lifestyle, is that -- was there anything that was sort of [technical difficulty] with your expectation there? Was that in line, because that means that’s a pretty modest, I mean that is definitely a modest year-over-year decline. Should you -- I guess, I know you don’t want to give guidance for any single quarter, but is that the kind of pace of decline that’s -- that we should expect and as we look forward to the fourth quarter?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I will take that. Hey, John. I think as we looked at it, we came into the first half of the year, we basically are looking at half years together. So we're looking first half, second half and signal that we thought the second half would be lower than the first half. I think as we sit here at the end of the third quarter and looking at the second half, it really is coming in line with our expectations. I think we've seen some, the trade-ins, some of the trade-in volumes go down as we had anticipated given the strong first half of the year we had. At the same time, we’ve seen strong growth in Asia/Pacific, the U.S., improved profitability in Europe, which we had been planning on to. So, overall, we are in line with our expectations as Alan said in his opening statements.
John Nadel: Okay. And then I just had one more, and it just escape me so I will re-queue.
Alan Colberg: All right. Thanks, John.
Richard Dziadzio: Thanks, John.
John Nadel: Thanks.
Operator: Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning.
Michael Phillips: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Good morning. I guess another crack at that, the prior question with 4Q. If we look at your guidance for this year, you are kind of a little bit above the midpoint right now. And I guess if we couple that with your -- the last comment two half being a little bit less than one half. Is -- and you don’t give, I guess I don’t see the extra incremental expenses that you’re putting into mobile on a quarterly basis on what you did this quarter. But should we expect the amount of investment expense in the fourth quarter to be accelerated from third quarter? Now from what you did or headline to third quarter? And I ask that to think about kind of how we’re -- how we’re thinking about that range of 6% to 10%, given where you already are today and what the expense might be in the fourth quarter?
Alan Colberg: I think it's fair to say in the fourth quarter we are going to have accelerated investment. We are very encouraged by the new clients that we're ramping in the pipeline and we're investing to deliver future growth and profitability. So, yes.
Michael Phillips: Just to clarify, when you say accelerated, you mean on top of not just first half, but in top of third quarter as well, correct?
Alan Colberg: Yes. And …
Michael Phillips: Okay.
Richard Dziadzio: … in addition to that, when you say the 6%to 10%, you’re really talking about Assurant overall EPS.
Michael Phillips: I am. That’s correct. Yes.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, and we’ve talked about small commercial been out there, some continued declines in financial services. So there are a couple of headwinds that we are taking into account when we're given that range to you.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Okay. Thank you. I guess just two kind of smaller ones, real quickly. You’ve mentioned growth -- the mobile growth, specifically in Europe, was strong. And can you talk about maybe what’s kind of driving that?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So, mobile growth has been strong in all regions in Asia/Pacific, especially Japan, it's really new clients and new programs. In Europe, it's really been a couple of things. We’ve leveraged our global supply chain capability out of the U.S to really strengthen our supply chain in Europe, and that's been a big driver. We've also been very disappointed with expenses, which has helped NOI growth. But we're encouraged, we're seeing strong growth and in fact with all regions of the world in mobile.
Michael Phillips: Okay. And then just lastly, this one doesn’t get a lot of attention, but in lifestyle the Global Financial products, I mean decline there was kind of more than expected at least from -- expected for me. Any numbers in the quarter there and then kind of the margins continue to slip a little bit there. So any kind of color on that segment?
Alan Colberg: I think what we’ve said before, Mike is that the segment that line of business is in runoff domestically. There's probably a little bit [indiscernible] going on in there as well. So, yes, it was down in the quarter. You’re right.
Michael Phillips: Okay. We’ve kind of -- yes, sure. All right. Thank you.
Alan Colberg: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Christopher Campbell with KBW. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey. Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Campbell: Hi. Good morning.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning.
Christopher Campbell: I guess the first question on the Global Housing. The guidance declined there. I think last quarter you guys have said that it was -- you thought like the loans tracked would be like, I guess, relatively like [technical difficulty]. I guess kind of what changed the guidance this time?
Alan Colberg: Yes. Well -- Yes. Thanks, Chris. I guess, one of the things that we pointed out in the opening remarks I think is part of the need for the change, which is the insolvency of one of our clients and we see those loans transitioning away in the fourth quarter, that will have an impact on us. And we've also seen year-over-year, a small increase, but an increase in the non-cat loss ratio. So we're taking those two factors into account, the kind of change in the outlook and say before we had said that it would be flat, now we’re saying it will be down a bit.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, got it. So it's -- okay, so what we’re seeing this quarter is not related to the loans that the competitor picked up, but these are like additional loans that were a client in solvency. Is that the way to think of it?
Alan Colberg: Yes, that’s right. That’s right, Chris.
Christopher Campbell: Okay. Okay, great. And then CPR, I mean, it sounds like it's small. Is there going to be any revenue or EBITDA impact from that, that we should be modeling in?
Richard Dziadzio: The way to think about CPR is we’re in the business of delivering superior customer experiences and the way its evolving is our traditional people model, the big facilities works really well for buyback and trade-in and that’s going to continue to be a very important driver. But increasingly consumers are asking for same day same-store type repair. CPR gives us that capability. So over time, it'll be potentially significant growth driver for us, but it's going to take us time to integrate it, building into our offerings, get our clients to offer it. We're excited. It gives us the capability to deliver yet another really superior customer experience.
Christopher Campbell: Got it. And should we be thinking about incremental investment costs as you try to kind of unlock the synergies for that, that are -- that could impact Lifestyle segment?
Alan Colberg: Nothing more than we’ve already talked about. We expect to accelerate investments in Q4, but that alone is not going to be a big driver of it.
Christopher Campbell: Okay. Great. And then you reviewed the Ike stake this time and took the charge. I mean, are there any other underperforming areas that you're kind of looking at across the portfolio of products that you're looking to prune to improve results?
Alan Colberg: So, we go through a regular process with our Board, looking at everything we are doing and discussing whether we feel like it's still strategic or not. Ike, interesting company when we made that investment six years ago, now it was really about growing to scale in Latin America with additional fee-based offerings. Over the last six years, our strong growth in LACTAM and then the warranty group acquisition, we now have a much stronger franchise in Latin America, which is what led us to take the opportunity to reevaluate, it doesn't fit as well as it did six years ago. So we will continue to look for things. I think we feel very good about our portfolio at this point. You've also seen us be over the years very disciplined stewards of the capital of our shareholders and we will continue that as we go forward.
Christopher Campbell: Got it. And then just kind of unpacking the charge [technical difficulty] bunch of it was FX and part of it was derivatives. So I guess, was there like an underlying -- I mean, was the marks like all attributable to that, or has the value of the Ike franchise been materially impaired over the last few years?
Alan Colberg: I think that we can break the charge down into a couple of things, total charge being a $125 million. The first thing is as you pointed out, Chris, was $41 million is really related to the cumulative change in FX or the FX loss, I would say, the weakening of the peso since our acquisition some five years ago, that's $41 million. The other $84 million, four of it was a deferred tax asset that we took down. And then the other $80 million is really the difference between what we have up on our books for our 40% interest and that the 60% interest obligation we have to buy the rest the 60% and the market value, should we sell the company? And again, as I said in my opening comments, we are in the process, we had advanced in the process, but we can't say today that we will conclude the process. So, still always to go there and we will keep everyone up to date as we always do.
Christopher Campbell: Okay. Wonderful. Thanks for all the answers. Best of luck in the fourth quarter.
Richard Dziadzio: Okay.
Alan Colberg: All right. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Gary Ransom with Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey. Good morning, Gary.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Ransom: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to follow-up on the Ike charge too. Just when I look back at 5-years ago, you put in $110 million and probably a lot of things happened in between and now there's a $125 charge. I assume there was some marking up along the way and I just wondered if you could help me rationalize the beginning and end of the two pieces.
Alan Colberg: Sure. Sure. I think, first of all, when just to level set everyone, we talk about a $110 million that was for the 40% interest that we had during the course of the time. We haven’t marked up the asset. We’ve kept it on the books, obviously through time we've gotten an income from the assets. There have been dividends out from the assets. So that changed the book value. And really what we're coming to now is after five years and during that five year period, there actually has been a pretty good weakening of the Mexican peso to the U.S dollar, $40 million, that’s a third of the charge. The other two thirds really, one is -- one part is based on the 40 percentages we have and the book value we have today and our expectations of sale price for that. And then the others on the 60%, we actually have a call put that we’ve talked about in the past and that's had a formula. So we are looking at that the market value that we could have in the sale versus what that formula gives us, and that's the other part of the markdown.
Richard Dziadzio: And Gary, the only thing I would add is when you look at the Ike franchise, it remains strong. And that's why we've had a process ongoing that we'll see where we end up. But it is a good company just for us as we think about where best to deploy our capital. It's not a 100%. Certainly, that’s the best thing we should do.
Gary Ransom: Okay. So in other words, part of the charge really relates to the 60% you didn't actually buy yet, that’s feeding through this put call option?
Alan Colberg: Yes.
Gary Ransom: Okay.
Alan Colberg: That’s exactly right. I mean, we obviously we have that -- we call it an option to put call option, right? So, more and more less an obligation to purchase it. So as we’ve gone on and said, okay, now we’re in the sales process, that giving us visibility in terms of potential pricing. So we take into account what that is versus what we would sell it for. Net difference, we’ve put up in the book, so putting it at our best estimate today.
Gary Ransom: And that’s been mark-to-market every year along the way? I mean, maybe not as thoroughly thinking about it and intent to sell, I realize that. Is that a -- that had a value in there, although.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Well you just hit the nail on the head, Gary. I mean, really we've been holding it until the third quarter as an operating entity with the operations, since Alan said it's performed fairly well during our period of shift. It's really in this third quarter that we’ve said we've advanced in a process. Now we have an intent to sell what's the sales price and obviously we're in -- we're talking about in Mexico in today and the environment and climate etcetera. So we take all of that into account in the current estimate.
Gary Ransom: And just one thing to make clear. This has no effect on your buyback and capital return, correct?
Richard Dziadzio: Well, I would say if anything it could potentially be a net positive, because it could give us excess capital if we sell it. Because remember we’ve taken into account in our Investor Day that we would hold it. So it would give us excess cash and then we’d see what we would do with that excess capital as we go forward, either return or hold it.
Alan Colberg: Yes, Gary, the one thing I would add is, we remain committed to our expectation of returning $1.35 billion to shareholders in 2021. As Richard said, if we do end up ultimately with excess capital, you've seen our track record of returning it. But at this point, it's too early to say anything other than we are still committed to our $1.35 billion through 2021.
Gary Ransom: All right. Thank you. That’s very helpful. I think I’ve got it now. I wanted to go to one other topic on mobile, okay? And just as you talk about, all of the flow of business, it’s the pipeline. And I think we all know there's a delay in how you invest and you launch the program and then you still have certain customers starting to pay and it builds up over time. And I've -- I’m just trying to think of the timing, if you have things in the pipeline, if some of this actually going beyond our '19 to '21 window? Are we actually setting up -- I know we keep talking about out through '21. But when I think about the timing, it feels like today's pipeline is actually partly beyond 2021. Is that true? Can you give us a feel of that, the timing of all of those things?
Alan Colberg: Gary, that’s absolutely correct when you think about it. So if you think about a new client that we are launching this quarter, we start generally with no customers. We have to invest, integrate into their systems to develop the marketing materials to train people etcetera. And generally within a year or so, we start to turn profitable. It generally takes 3 to 4 years for those programs to kind of reach maturity. So a program we are launching today probably doesn't reach maturity until 2022, 2023. And then the pipeline client, we may close on next year or the year after, but we’re making investments to perceive to set that up for the future. CPR is another example of something that will benefit us beyond the '21 period. The last thing I would say is, if you look at the eventual 5G wave that's going to come, we didn't reflect that anywhere in the '20 or '21 outlook because we think it's going to take a little while. But there's a whole wave of 5G activity coming in the out years for mobile.
Gary Ransom: Okay. Well, that's helpful. Thank you very much.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] John Nadel with UBS. Your line is open.
Richard Dziadzio: Hey, John.
John Nadel: Hey, I think I'm recovering from a senior moment. So kind of along the same lines as Gary's question and I'll be a bit more specific. And I think you already gave a little bit of color, but maybe you can give a little bit more. So if you isolated on a single new client, I guess, particularly with Connected Living. How do we think about the sort of order of magnitude size of the upfront investment spending versus the later in time ramp up in revenue? And then breakeven period versus the sort of achieving targeted margin, if you will. Is there a way to break that down for us and give us a decent sense?
Richard Dziadzio: It's hard to generalize, because as we’ve talked about in Investor Day and since then our programs could have anywhere between 1 and 7 products in services. And so the amount of investment will vary based on that. But all of those are priced to over a period of time to generate a very attractive IRR for our shareholders. So I think we feel good about these new programs that we're launching and ramping. You can see the benefit and the growth in mobile over time. That's resulted from the prior programs that we’ve launched.
John Nadel: Yes, no question. And I think you mentioned in response to Gary, you talked about roughly 1-year time frame to the point where you actually start to turn profitable on a new client. Is that about -- is that a reasonable way for us to think about it?
Richard Dziadzio: I think it's fair. I mean, I generalize it with some risk to it because every program is still [indiscernible] is fair that it takes a period of time and where the economics really start to flow through is when you get out into year two and three and the programs begin to get closer to maturity.
John Nadel: Is it a good example of that right now, KDDI?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Yes, we launched that originally in late 2017. We are now heading into year three of that program.
John Nadel: All right. Terrific. And then, Richard, just a housekeeping item. On a year-to-date basis through the end of September, what's your after-tax loss from the small commercial business? And also, are you on track to effectively non renew the vast majority of that business by the end of the year? So very little, if any, contribution into 2020?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I will start by the second part, the answer is yes. We are -- as we’ve talked about before, John, we're kind of unwinding unplugging that business. So every quarter now the net earned premium obviously what we've written in the past and what’s earning out today is decreasing quite substantially. The first intensive first part of your question that we said in a previous call, first two quarters of the year, we were -- we lost about $6 million each quarter. This quarter, the portfolio performed better, think about a couple of million dollars loss with that in this last quarter and that represents [indiscernible].
John Nadel: And do you think fourth quarter would be -- do you think fourth quarter will be more similar to the first half of the year, or more similar to the third? Any -- or any sense there?
Richard Dziadzio: Well, the business is -- the portfolio was getting smaller, right?
John Nadel: Shrinking?
Richard Dziadzio: So, one would hope that the experience would mimic that. On the other hand, who knows there's some property, some liability, what we could have some higher losses within that. So it will -- to be seen, but we are winding it down and its winding down very quickly.
John Nadel: So probably fair to estimate that for the full-year '19, somewhere between $15 million and $20 million, probably closer to the $15 million ex loss contribution that -- almost all of that or maybe all of that would not recur in 2020?
Alan Colberg: Yes. John what I would say is, we are winding that business down quickly. We are cautiously optimistic that most of the losses are behind us. I wouldn't give a number for the year. But as I look at 2020, we obviously feel good about that that this business will largely be behind us. We will have a benefit in 2020, because its largely behind us. We will have some offset in housing in 2020 from that transition of loans away from the insolvent client. But in terms of the small commercial -- hopefully it's largely behind us at this point.
John Nadel: Yes, understood. Thank you so much.
Richard Dziadzio: Okay. Thanks, John.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, Mark.
Richard Dziadzio: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yes. The taxes in the lifestyle business, if I’m looking at it probably have been bringing about a point per quarter, 24%, 23%, 22% is a good go forward tax rate for the global lifestyle business?
Alan Colberg: It's in that range. I think we’ve said it's around 22% to 24%, overall. And it really is just reflecting the profitability of our business geographically and the tax rates in those various geographies.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then the placement rate on the 600,000 loans that you’re going to be losing from the insolvent client. Did you give some indication of what -- whether those are above average, below average?
Alan Colberg: In terms of the loans, we talked about 600,000 and really revenues pegged a placement rate, but really the revenue is about $70 million in annualized NEP coming out of this [indiscernible].
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then, Alan, you mentioned the 5G wave. And you anticipate that coming in the future could -- just give us as you look at the opportunity for Assurant, how do you kind of frame that up in your mind? And who knows exactly when or the pace of it, but what should it mean for your business?
Alan Colberg: If you think about 5G from a consumer point of view, when it ultimately rolls out, it dramatically improves latency, which creates all sorts of new applications including autonomous vehicles really being driven by that, which is [technical difficulty] since we made the investment in auto. The timing, nobody really knows. But what it will cause is over a period of a couple of years, you will see probably a big spike in handset activity, which would benefit us. So, again, I don’t think this is in the 2021 type time frame. But longer term we are trying to set up the business to be well positioned for that wave.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Alan Colberg: Right. Thanks. Thanks everyone for participating in today's call. We are pleased with our year-to-date performance and believe we’re well positioned to meet our financial objectives for the year. We look forward to updating you on our progress, on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Mosher with any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, Kristina, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2019 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the second quarter 2019. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results surpassed our expectations as mobile benefited from increasing customer demand for our differentiated offerings. Global Lifestyle's strong performance more than offset elevated non-catastrophe loss experienced in Global Housing and modestly higher corporate expenses. This quarter, we continued to leverage our market-leading positions and deep consumer insights to deliver value for customers along with double-digit earnings growth and strong cash flows. In Global Lifestyle, we were pleased to see earnings up 33% organically as connected living earnings nearly doubled in the quarter. New programs and client partnerships implemented over the last two years continue to ramp up, driving an 11% increase in covered mobile devices year-over-year. We now support over 48 million mobile customers globally. Overall, mobile has been a strong performer. Since the fourth quarter of 2017, we brought on eight new partners accounting for almost seven million covered mobile devices and have expanded several relationships through additional offerings. We have multiple new opportunities on the horizon which bodes well for our continued growth, but will require increased investments, which Richard will discuss later. Also within connected living, we officially launched Metro by T-Mobile's premium handset protection on July 1. Starting in the third quarter, this will add several million subscribers to our mobile device count and once fully implemented will make us the exclusive provider of device protection to all T-Mobile customers. Turning to The Warranty Group. We're very pleased to have delivered on our operating synergy of $60 million pre-tax on a run rate basis for the acquisition. This milestone comes two quarters ahead of schedule, as we have moved swiftly to integrate the business over the last year, optimizing our global operations, while strengthening our client relationships. In Global Housing, we saw continued success in multi-family housing as we grew within both our affinity and P&C partners and benefited from higher penetration rates to our new point of lease billing and tracking platform. The implementation of our enhanced integrators-renters platform progressed with over 20 clients now active. We've also expanded existing relationships with several of the largest property management companies in the U.S. through our differentiated offerings. In the quarter, we further strengthened our leading lender-placed franchise by renewing several more partnerships including three of the top 10 mortgage servicers in the U.S. With our focus on operational excellence and the customer experience, we made good progress on the rollout of our dynamic claims fulfillment across all Global Housing lines of business. This expedites claims adjudication by reducing time to review and pay claims as well as simplifying the overall customer experience. The quarter was also characterized by higher non-catastrophe weather losses, a trend seen across the industry. In addition, these weather trends and overall elevated claims in our small commercial products lowered housing results. We believe these higher claims and small commercial could continue throughout 2019 and we've adjusted our outlook for housing accordingly. Our long-term view of the business remains unchanged, and we believe we will generate a 17% to 20% operating ROE, including an average expected cat load. Turning to Global Preneed, we produced strong earnings as we generated solid returns and cash flows. Base sales had another all-time high of $273 million, benefiting from the expansion of new distribution partners. This gives us confidence that we can sustain an above-market operating ROE of 13% in Global Preneed over the long term. Looking at overall Assurant results for the first half of 2019, we reported net operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophes of $4.62, an increase of 9% from the first half of 2018. This was driven by strong earnings growth, partially offset by the impact of shares issued last year related to our TWG acquisition. Net operating income, also excluding catastrophes, was up 25% to $293 million, mainly from TWG contributions including realized synergies as well as significant organic mobile growth. At the end of June, holding company liquidity totaled $386 million after returning $88 million to shareholders. For the full year 2019, we continue to expect double-digit earnings growth as well as operating earnings per share to increase 6% to 10%. This compares to the $8.65 we reported in 2018. Significant profitable growth in mobile continued earnings expansion in auto and multifamily housing, as well as disciplined capital deployment will be key drivers. Strong performance in Global Lifestyle, even after including the increased investments to support growth should help offset the higher non-cat claims in Global Housing. Overall, we believe we will deliver strong results in 2019 with an attractive business portfolio that should continue to produce more diversified higher-quality earnings. This will allow us to continue making investments to accelerate our innovation for the connected consumer, improve the customer experience and sustain our track record of returning excess capital to shareholders over the long-term. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review segment results and our 2019 outlook in greater detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with Global Lifestyle. The segment reported record earnings of $109 million for the second quarter, up $41 million year-over-year. The increase reflects an additional $22 million of income from TWG, compared to only one month of earnings recorded in the prior-year period. Overall, TWG results for this quarter included $3 million of intangible amortization and $11 million of realized expense synergies, bringing the total realized synergies to $35 million after tax since the acquisition closed. Excluding TWG, Global Lifestyle results were up 33%, which was primarily driven by an impressive $25 million increase in Connected Living year-over-year. Mobile benefited from an increase in subscribers in both Asia Pacific and North America led by growth in our carrier OEM and cable operator distribution channels. In addition, operating performance in Europe was a driver with strong underwriting results. In Global Automotive, excluding TWG earnings were down modestly year-over-year due to increased investments to support growth and new offerings. Keep in mind, that the second quarter of 2018 included $2 million one-time benefit. Looking at total revenue for the segment, net earned premiums and fees were up $707 million mainly from the $481 million of additional revenue from TWG. Excluding TWG, revenue was up $226 million or 25%. This was a reflection of the many mobile programs launched during the past two years. Auto revenue, excluding TWG was up 17%, benefiting from strong prior period sales, international dealer and PPA distribution channels. Looking ahead, and as Alan noted, we expect additional mobile and auto investments in the third and fourth quarters associated with IT enhancements and program implementations to support our continued growth and new opportunities. In addition to typical seasonal patterns, mainly increased mobile loss ratios and the impact of new program launches these additional investments are expected to result in modestly lower earnings for lifestyle in the second half of 2019 compared to the first half. Overall, for the full year, we still expect significant earnings growth and we'll have a stronger foundation to maintain our momentum into 2020. Moving to Global Housing: Net operating income for the quarter totaled $72 million down $1 million from the second quarter of 2018. Both periods benefited from the absence of meaningful reportable catastrophes. Excluding reportable catastrophes, earnings declined $3 million. Growth in multifamily housing was more than offset by less favorable non-catastrophe losses in small commercial products and expected higher reinsurance costs. Second quarter last year also included losses from the mortgage solution business prior to the sale in the third quarter. Looking specifically at small commercial, we had several large claims and an overall increase in frequency, which we believe could continue. We have made the decision to exit the business and have begun the process of exiting the portfolio. Global Housing revenue declined reflecting the sale of mortgage solutions. Excluding mortgage solutions, revenue grew 4% due to the growth in both our specialty portfolio and our multifamily housing business. The placement rate was unchanged from the first quarter this year as we on-boarded a new portfolio of loans with a higher placement rate. Without this small block the placement rate would have declined more in line with our expectations or about two or three basis points. In addition, one of our lender-placed clients has decided to transfer their portfolio to another provider, reducing our loans tracked by approximately $2 million in the third quarter. These loans have a much lower-than-average placement rate and policies will transition off at renewal. The net effect of these two portfolio changes is expected to be neutral to our financial results over the next several quarters. As Alan noted, we now expect Global Housing net operating income for 2019 to be down modestly, excluding cat losses, due to the elevated small commercial claims. We continue to expect lender-placed to be stable excluding the higher cat costs. And we are pleased to see the sustained growth in multifamily housing, which should partially offset the decline. Now let's move to Global Preneed. The segment recorded another strong quarter $17 million in net operating income. The $2 million year-over-year increase was driven by higher net investment income as asset levels increase from continued growth in this business as well as the move toward a more profitable sales mix. Revenue in Preneed was up 6%, driven mainly by growth in the U.S. including sales of our Final Need product. Global Preneed's outlook for the year remains unchanged with earnings roughly flat with 2018, as we continue to manage expenses closely and look to grow long-term from new and existing clients and adjacent product offerings. At Corporate, the net operating loss was $24 million, a $7 million increase compared to the prior year period. This was attributable to reduced investment income, a result of lower investable assets in comparison to the second quarter of last year. Higher employee-related expenses and third-party professional fees to support growth also drove an increase in the quarterly loss. We continue to expect the corporate loss to approximate 2018 levels or roughly $85 million. Turning to capital, we ended March with $386 million in holding company liquidity or about $161 million above our current minimum target level of $225 million. Dividends in the quarter from our operating segments totaled $177 million. In addition to our quarterly Corporate, and interest expenses key outflows included $50 million in share repurchases $43 million in common and preferred dividends, and $8 million mainly in mobile technology capabilities as part of our venture capital program. In the third quarter through August 2, we repurchased an additional 168,000 shares for $19 million. For full year 2019, we expect dividends from our operating segments to approximate segment operating earnings. We brought up 66% of segment net operating earnings as dividends to the holding company through the first half of the year. This aligns with our historical pattern. Overall, the dividend should provide flexibility to invest in our businesses and return character shareholders subject to market conditions. In summary, we demonstrated strong first half performance and remain focused on delivering profitable growth and meeting our financial commitments for 2019. And with that operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Hey good morning. A couple of questions. Your Global Housing expense ratio really dropped year-over-year. Could you talk about the drivers on that? I know you've had some expense initiatives that you've been working on. Is that mix? Will that decline continue?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, good morning, Mark, it's Richard. Yes, I think a couple of things are going on to improve the expense ratio. I mean, I think the first thing is last year obviously as mentioned in our comments we had mortgage solutions that was weighing down a little bit that ratio. I think secondly, there are some good expense initiatives going on in the housing area, that are bringing that down. And third, we have multifamily housing that's continuing to grow as well. So a couple of things there that are all helping expense ratio to be at that level.
Mark Hughes: When we think about that -- the Global Lifestyle growth of 25% obviously quite strong and that's -- that growth rate doubled compared to last quarter. When we think about kind of the puts and takes the new business coming online may be lapping some of that new business from last year, is there any reason why third quarter growth should be demonstrably slower, faster? Just thinking in terms of as I say as you've been bringing new customers online, is there -- the timing how much does that impact the second half growth outlook?
Alan Colberg: Yes Mark. No first of all, I think we're very proud of our team in Global Lifestyle and the strong results they're delivering. Let me separate kind of revenue from NOI. So, if you think about revenue, we are continuing to ramp the programs that were launched in the last 18 months. So, we're going to add subscribers. Those programs are going to continue to grow and that should continue in Q3 and beyond. If you think about the second half of the year though when you go to NOI, we do have some seasonality that tends to play out with causing the second half of the year in recent years to be below the first half in mobile even with the growth. And that seasonality really is around a few things. One is, we think about when new phones are launched, the last few years those launches have been later in the cycle and often availability not really there until early the next year which has pushed some of the growth into Q1. The second thing we see is when we launch new clients and new programs, they normally launch in Q3 or early Q4 around the NPI. So that's also something we have to invest -- every time we launch those new programs, we have to invest in technology, we have to do the training, we have to do the integration. And then just in Q3, we normally have some seasonality in the underwriting results. People are outside more they drop their phones, they get them wet. So I think, we'll -- we expect to continue to have strong growth over time in lifestyle. You'll see it probably in revenue in Q3. We expect NOI will be down modestly in the second half than the first half.
Mark Hughes: And then just a longer-term question, your growth has been so strong in the Connected Living. When we think about returns in the lifestyle segment, I think most of the capital as I understand it is there to support the auto business. If you continue to get growth in Connected Living, how much sensitivity is there in terms of returns? Should we see those returns improve as the mix becomes less capital intensive? And is there any way to throw any sort of numbers or relative guidance at that idea?
Richard Dziadzio: Sure. It's Richard, again. So I see a couple -- it's a great question. I think a couple of things in there. I think, first of all, going back to Investor Day when we look at lifestyle, we're not really as much looking at returns as we are in growth really net income growth in the area. And as you can see we just really had a fantastic first half of the year. So I think that's sort of the first thing I would say. And just in terms of capital, I think, you're exactly right. I mean auto has taken a little more capital than Connected Living, albeit auto is I would consider a bit capital light too given the arrangements that we have and the structures that we're -- that we have. So overall, I think, as we look at Assurant as an enterprise, we are going to a less capital-intensive environment as time goes on. So overall the returns of Assurant should be increasing. We talked about going -- overall ROE going up a couple hundred bps over the next few years.
Mark Hughes: I will get back in queue. Thank you. 
Richard Dziadzio: Thanks, Mark.
Alan Colberg:
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Alan Colberg: Good morning, John.
Richard Dziadzio: Hey, good morning, John.
John Nadel: Hey. Good morning, Alan. Good morning, Richard. Maybe just to start on housing, can you quantify for us -- I think you've quantified for us the small commercial business is about -- maybe 15% of the specialty and other premiums fees and other income. Is that accurate?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. That's a good range, yes.
John Nadel: And so against what looks like maybe, I don't know a $75 million kind of run rate of revenue how much in operating loss did that particular business generate whether it's in -- whether you want to refer to the second quarter or maybe even eve the first half of the year?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. So yes, I mean, we did talk about the small commercial product and that's a couple of things it's property and its liability. And as we said in our statements last time and this time it did produced some losses for us and we are exiting the business. So I think we've taken some good actions, management actions to rectify that. In terms of the quantification -- Q2, Q1 we are right around $6 million each quarter I would say in terms of loss added to the bottom line.
Alan Colberg: Yes. And John...
John Nadel: Got it. So after tax loss in each quarter was roughly similar and about $12 million on a year-to-date basis?
Richard Dziadzio: That's right, John.
John Nadel: Okay. Perfect.
Alan Colberg: Yes. And John in terms of housing -- let me just make one other comment on housing. If you put aside the small commercial which was an experiment in growth that we quickly shutdown when it didn't perform as expected we feel very good about how the balance of housing is performing. Multifamily is continuing to grow. We're still early in the rollout of our point of lease, but that looks very promising for driving penetration. And lender-placed is performing as expected. So we feel generally very encouraged about housing other than the challenges we had with small commercial and elevated non-cat overall.
John Nadel: Yes. No that's what I'm trying to get that by sort of stripping away the small commercial business, which obviously I agree with your decision to get out of that business at this point. So it does look like housing underneath that or ex that is performing well. The -- if I can move over to Global lifestyle then. I just want to understand the pace of earnings or the pattern of earnings. Your revenue growth is much stronger than I think just about anybody has been expecting certainly I can speak for myself. But if earnings are going to be down a little bit in the second half relative to the first half, I guess, I can understand why margin would be down. But given how fast revenues are growing is it -- should we really expect that earnings are going to decline, or just that margin will decline?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I think there's a couple of things in there again John. Good question. I think as we look at it and as we talked about before I think we have to be very careful in looking at the margin of the lifestyle business because of the -- I would say the differences or nuances in the accounting. For example in Q2 there was a contract change with one client that had no impact really on bottom-line, but more revenues coming on top line. So there's a little bit of noise in the revenue line…
John Nadel: Okay.
Richard Dziadzio: ….that can skew a little bit of the margin-type issues. And as Alan said earlier, we are looking for the earnings to be lower in the second half of the year, the underwriting results we talked about and the investments we're making, the launches that ended up going into Q1. So all of those things together really -- we really focus on the net income and driving net income growth which obviously we've had a tremendous first half.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. And John, the other thing to think about …
John Nadel: And Yeah…
Alan Colberg: … we've talked often about the new clients in the pipeline. Our pipeline is actually even stronger than we had anticipated. And it's really a tribute to the …
John Nadel: Got you.
Alan Colberg: …situation we have in the market. We are investing…
John Nadel: Yeah.
Alan Colberg: …as we go into Q3, to make sure we can capture as many of those as possible, because they will create substantial long-term value.
John Nadel: That -- and that was, going to be my next sort of segue, was just thinking about the longer-term outlook here. If we rewind the clock a couple of months to your Investor Day, it seems like, with a couple of quarters under our belt since then. The baseline of both revenues and earnings for lifestyle is higher than you had expected it would be this year. And I just wonder, how that may be impacts the expected growth, for the business, in particular earnings growth. As you look out to 2020 and '21. Should we expect that there's been any real change in that outlook, or is it just a similar growth pattern, just off of a higher base of earnings?
Alan Colberg: So, couple of thoughts on that, John. First of all, I think we feel even better positioned today, than we did at Investor Day in lifestyle. The momentum is strong. And so that's very encouraging. As a reminder…
John Nadel: Yeah.
Alan Colberg: …the targets at Investor Day are multiyear. And so what we normally …
John Nadel: Yeah.
Alan Colberg: …do as part of our Q4 earnings call, we'll give you granular detail on what to expect in 2020 with our Q4 earnings call. But I would just leave it as momentum is strong and we feel even better positioned, than we were back at Investor Day.
John Nadel: Okay. Fair enough. And then, two more real quick ones, one is, do you expect small commercial will be an earnings impact on 2020, or do you think it'll be gone, exited by the end of this year?
Richard Dziadzio: As I said, we are exiting the business. I mean, so really, we're thinking that it'll be substantially over. Can I say zero for next year? No, probably not. But we're not expecting …
John Nadel: Okay.
Richard Dziadzio: …anything material.
John Nadel: Okay. And then last one is just, pace of buybacks. I guess I pushed on this a little bit in the last couple of quarters. But your momentum is so strong I guess I'm just trying to understand. I know you've been a consistent re-turner of capital…
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah.
John Nadel: …I just -- guess I'm wondering why not a little bit faster on the buyback your opportunity to retire shares in advance of what seems to be really good underlying momentum and earnings growth.
Alan Colberg: No. John, it's fair. We obviously feel very good about where our business is and how it's performing. We did make a commitment in Investor Day to return $1.35 billion over the next three years. We're making progress against that. As a reminder, though, we do buy back under 10b5-1s we can't just change them on the fly. So, you've seen what we're doing. You should expect we will continue to be buyback. We'll buyback through cat season this year as we've done the last few years. But we're on track …
John Nadel: Okay.
Alan Colberg: …to meet our expectation over that multiyear period.
John Nadel: Okay. Thanks I’ll get back in a queue. Thanks.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Campbell from KBW. Please go ahead.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good mourning, Alan.
Christopher Campbell: Yeah, good morning.
Alan Colberg: Good mourning, Chris.
Christopher Campbell: Hey, great. I guess just starting on the small commercial part of Global Housing. Just looking at -- I mean, you guys had $12 million in year-to-date losses. So I get about 138% combined ratio or something like that. So I guess, just with rates hardening in your commercial property and liability lines, why did you just -- why did you decide to exit versus just taking rate increases on the book?
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. I think, in all the businesses we're in we bring something special. And we add a lot of value, we had innovation. And you can see the growth that we have in lifestyle, what we're doing in lender-placed, multifamily housing. The new systems we're rolling out. And even within special property, we're always launching new things to try to create something special, something different. And I think we've come to the conclusion that in this area we just -- we can't do that in the short-term. So we've made the strategic decision to exit.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. And Chris I'd add couple of thoughts to that, one is the book developed. We didn't like the geographic exposure. It was more costal than we wanted and we really didn't want to build that part of the book. And then, when we look at across our portfolio and deploying our resources and capital, we have substantially better opportunities elsewhere. And so that led us to very quickly make the decision, that we're better off to move on and put that investment elsewhere.
Christopher Campbell: Okay. Got it, that makes sense. Switching to lifestyle, I was looking at the mobile device growth which only grew like 10.6% which is I think the lowest growth rate you've had since 3Q, 2017. So how should we think about the mobile device growth like going forward? And then what's your current U.S. market share and where do you think you can get to over time?
Alan Colberg: So, quite a few questions in there, Chris. So if I forget some of them, please come back to me. I mean I think the -- if you look at mobile devices, we think of it is a long-term driver of value for our shareholders and we're going to continue to add them. As we've talked about as we launched new programs they generally take anywhere from three to four years to ramp to maturity and we have a lot of new programs that have just begun. And so, we expect that is going to grow and will grow well independent of what happens in the market. We're also adding services. And if you remember back in Investor Day we had that chart that show how we’ve started to try to stack additional services and many of them are fee income onto that growth. So again quarterly growth, I wouldn't put too much focus on that. I think it's more the longer term. We look year-on-year on the momentum that we're driving in the business. In terms of market share, again we have a leadership position with one important client and there are several others that we have little position in. So we have substantial opportunities for growth in the U.S. market as we look forward.
Christopher Campbell: Okay. Great. And then just on Global Auto, I noticed growth slowed down there too like -- it was like 3% -- 3% or 4%. Any color on what's happening in the auto side in lifestyle?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. No I think when we look at Auto, we're really pleased. I mean as Alan talked about TWG integration I think the synergies and the growth that we're getting behind the scenes. We've talked in previous calls about our ability to retain the clients that came over in the TWG acquisition. So when we look at it we're on a good growth pattern. And we look probably less quarter-to-quarter as over a longer period of time. We are investing here so you'll see the earnings are not as strong as they otherwise could have been, but we're investing to continue to grow in the future.
Alan Colberg: Yes. And auto has an interesting dynamic in that it's really about share gain. So unlike mobile where the partnerships tend to be more exclusive these are businesses where there are many competitors. So we are really focused on differentiating our service, our product, our offerings to allow us to gain share over time leveraging our position.
Christopher Campbell: Okay. And then what are the nature of the investments that you guys are going to accelerate in the second half of the year?
Alan Colberg: Well there -- in lifestyle they really fall into a couple of buckets. One in every product we are working to add services to create value beyond the underlying insurance or service contracts. So we have roadmaps that we've been executing against in mobile we're now executing against auto. An example would be Pocket Drive in auto. So that's one set of the investments. The second area of investment really is around consumer experience. Now we are in the process of driving significant digital capabilities through every one of our products and really evolving that. And then finally we are continuing to add clients and programs. And so there's a significant investment to ramp those programs that will be going on in the second half of the year.
Christopher Campbell: Okay. Great. And then just one last one you all asked a Preneed question. So I think you had mentioned in the script additional Preneed distribution opportunities. So what are those?
Alan Colberg: So in Preneed as you know we've had a long-term historic partnership with the industry leader. In recent years, we've been looking for additional growth that can really help us strengthen our position. So we've been both adding distribution and then also looking for ancillary products similar to what we've done elsewhere. I mentioned on previous earnings calls we've started to experiment with things like an executor product really ways to add more value beyond the Preneed product. So we're encouraged by the momentum in that business as well.
Christopher Campbell: Okay. And would organic growth or inorganic growth make sense in that segment? Will there be anybody worth acquiring?
Alan Colberg: Yes. I think we feel well positioned with our business today and I think we're just going to continue to execute against our plan.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, great. Thanks for all the answers.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just want to start on the housing side again. Your loss -- your expense ratio there, I'm sorry your combined ratio was pretty good and kind of at the low end of that long-term target of 86 to 90. And I guess since it's there -- it's been there actually it's kind of been there for a while. So how do you think about the impact that has maybe on housing strategy in terms of I don't know maybe growth goals? And like you've got some cushion there, since you're at the low-end of the margin, so just -- how does it affect your strategy of that business for growth?
Alan Colberg: So maybe I'll start and Richard you can add to it. The way we think about housing is we have a really strong growth engine in multifamily and rental and we've been continuing to gain share there. You can see the policy counts for example in our supplement and we're continuing to invest to differentiate what we do there. We're driving digital throughout that entire business. We're working hard on the point of lease. That's really the growth driver. For the more traditional risk businesses like lender-placed, we've really been focused on ensuring we are well positioned to be participating in any kind of upside that comes. And to have those businesses which generate a lot of cash flow for us continue to drive a lot of cash flow. So we've done things like lower the attach point in the reinsurance tower, so that there's less volatility in the earnings coming out of those traditional risk businesses. We've been investing in what we call single-source platform SSP, which is really to differentiate the user experience and allow us to scale the economics over time. So I would think about growth really in multifamily and the balance of it keep it stable and throw off cash with upside if we get into any kind of housing slowdown.
Richard Dziadzio: And I would you add the last thing is we talked about. If something is not working, we take action. So I mean it's a great business.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you. I guess on the TWG, the synergies you're well ahead of plan there. I guess anything else we can expect going forwards to supplement the $60 million? And then also in the same kind of note you've talked about some revenue synergies there and any developments on revenue synergy that you saw since last quarter?
Alan Colberg: Yes. I think we feel very good about where we are. We're now a year plus into the integration. Our client relationships are stronger across the board than they were at the time of the merger. We are investing to leverage the joint capabilities. So we'll continue to push for incremental expense synergies, but that's largely complete at this point. Our focus now is much more on growth and how do we leverage both sides and that will continue.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Great. Thanks. I guess maybe one or two more. From the specialty, P&C business that you got out of, is there any benefit in 2020 from reinsurance because of that?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. So in terms of overall exposure, it will come down. So the absolute reinsurance cost would come down with that.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Great. I guess just one last one. Just an update -- you mentioned some new developments and some things you're rolling out on the technology platforms and you mentioned maybe kind of a rollout since last quarter Pocket Drive. I guess maybe what does that do and any early reads on how that's going?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So Mike it's very early with Pocket Drive. But what we're trying to do there is leverage our capabilities, so we developed something called Pocket Geek which is now well entrenched in mobile. It's all about the user experience in creating a better ownership experience for the consumer. We leveraged those capabilities to create Pocket Drive, which has a similar goal. It's all about the user experience of owning your car. But it's very early and we have been in pilots or we're in pilots now with -- goes well we expect to roll it out broadly. But it really differentiates our position in the market and helps us be well positioned to gain share over time.
Michael Phillips: Great. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Ransom from Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Gary.
Gary Ransom: Good morning. You mentioned along the way that there was a client that was -- that left in lender-placed. I wondered if you could describe what the reasons might have been. And maybe even thinking back over time, I'm sure there's ins and outs over time what is it that causes this mortgage servicers to move like that?
Alan Colberg: Probably not appropriate to speculate on what caused any given client to do something. I think what we'd say there is we've had a strong track record of gaining share in that business to the position we now have. We're aligned with effectively all the major market leaders now in that business. And with the movement that we saw in the second quarter and what we've talked about in the prepared remarks it has no effect, it's not material to our overall earnings. So again, I think we're well positioned. We are investing heavily to differentiate that business as well. So again, I think we feel good where we are with lender-placed.
Gary Ransom: Okay. I also wanted to ask about the -- a little bit about the commercial, but sort of broader. I assume you looked at it as an experiment, so you were trying something. But in thinking about your broad-based strategy, I guess the way I think about it is you have a servicing value chain that's embedded in a consumer purchase value chain. And I -- what was it about commercial business that fit into that strategy, or am I -- maybe I'm missing something.
Alan Colberg: No Gary, I think about our businesses having two real sources of differentiation. One you mentioned is we partner and we're embedded in the value chain. That really is lifestyle, that's mobile, that's really where multifamily is actually headed. In our housing risk businesses, we do better than market because we find kind of unique capabilities, unique distribution. We were experimenting to see if we can find another one like that and it just didn't work out so that's why we took a decision quickly. But we like risk businesses where we can have some sort of unique advantage and we had a thesis that just didn't work out on that one.
Gary Ransom: Are there any of the other "experiments" that you're working on in that area that are starting to take off or show more promise?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. In the multi-family world, rental, we've been doing a lot of experimenting around the sharing economy and some of those have gone quite well. As we grow -- now those are a little bit different, they're not as -- they're not really traditional risk businesses the same way, but we're encouraged by some of those experiments. And if they work we'll scale them.
Gary Ransom: Okay. And one more on the capital intensity, one of the things that I was thinking about is how sometimes it's a fee business, sometimes it's insurance. But when it's insurance, it's running through an insurance entity that has regulatory capital requirements and the like. And trying to make it capital light is -- could be doing more contracts that are not insurance-oriented or not structured as insurance. And I wonder is that something you control or can control, or is that almost all on the client's side and their decision process?
Richard Dziadzio: I think, there's a couple of things in that. I think first if I step back and look at the overall enterprise, you'd say -- I would say that lifestyle is less capital intensive than housing obviously. And you're exactly right. I mean, one of the things that I think is a real great -- is a great value that Assurant brings to clients is we're able to bring this insurance business and also all the other value adds that we have that are not necessarily insurance-based. The premium tech support-type things that we do, the administrative support, the marketing, the training everything that we do that's not -- that we get paid a fee for that's not based. Do we control it? I think what we do is we go up to our clients and one of our values is we say to clients, what would you like? And we can customize an offering for them. With the growth of lifestyle and the growth of mobile and all the added services we're adding, I think just by nature of that it's becoming less capital intensive. And as we win new clients they are probably less capital intensive given all the added services that we're bringing to them.
Gary Ransom: So is it fair to say based on what you just said that the trend toward the client desires is toward a slightly lower capital-intensive approach?
Richard Dziadzio: I think in the lot of the businesses we're doing, I mean if we look at for example the auto business I mean, it is -- there's insurance behind it. But in many instances the transactions we're doing with our clients they're sharing the risk, if not all a good part of it. So that is capital light. So no I think the trend is more toward capital light. At the same time, as we see that fee businesses growing than the capital business it's just a weighted average calculation at the end of the day that the overall business becomes less capital intensive as we go forward. Also, the things the moves that we've made on the housing business, where we brought down the retention also helps us as well.
Gary Ransom: Right. All right. That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Alan Colberg: Okay. Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Hope you might touch on the investment income. It's been a little bit up and down last few quarters definitely down sequentially in the second quarter. Is this a reasonable run rate, or is it just going to continue to be volatile?
Richard Dziadzio: Well, in the first quarter we really had a mark-to-market of a real estate portfolio that we have, and so that gave us some nice earnings as we reported out. So from time-to-time we will get those real estate gains that we report out. We have them in the supplement and so forth. So the choppiness that comes is typically good news I would say over a kind of a run rate. We manage the portfolio more on an income basis, so we don't see big volatility within the underlying portfolio from period to period. Most of the portfolios in high-grade fixed income, so the volatility, if anything it's a good thing for us. So I look at it Mark more over a longer period of time and you'll get a nice run rate there.
Mark Hughes: And just so I'm clear with that mark-to-market on the real estate portfolio was that 4Q better than 1Q?
Richard Steven: No, it was 1Q.
Alan Colberg: We had some gains in 4Q as well. So yes there were gains there and there were gains in 1Q as well.
Mark Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is coming from John Nadel from UBS. Please go ahead.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, again John.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning, again. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just a couple of real quick ones. One, is there any update you can provide publicly as it relates to how things are moving along around Iké Asistencia?
Richard Steven: I think the update is we're still on the path that we had set out last quarter. We're looking at our strategic options. We're I would say looking out in the market at those options. It's very – it's still early days obviously as we kind of gear up to look out and so forth. So no other update other than that and we'll be back every quarter if something material happens.
John Nadel: Okay. I mean, but do you feel like there's actually any progress or is it just quiet?
Richard Steven: Oh, no, no. We've set the path for ourselves and to go out into the market get our strategic options. Can't say where that's going to go its early days. But no, we're progressing well.
John Nadel: Okay. And then, I guess, last one is just this. Alan, I think in your prepared remarks you talked a little bit about T-Mobile. I don't recall exactly what you said. I might have joined just a little bit too late. But maybe you could just sort of reiterate what's happening there. And then relatedly, whether they gain approval to merge with Sprint, what do you think it would take for Assurant to win Sprint's business or somebody's business like that? And is that part of the investment spending that you are characterizing as sort of already part of your plans, or would that be something that you would expect would be incremental if you felt like that opportunity was right in front of you?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So John, let me start with T-Mobile, since that was what I mentioned in the prepared remarks. What I was referring to there is that we are in the process now of implementing the move of Metro by T-Mobile over to Assurant. And as we complete that we're proud now to be the device protection partner for all of T-Mobile's businesses. So that's a great position.
John Nadel: Got you.
Alan Colberg: It's really a result of the years of working side-by-side with them really helping differentiate their business as they revolutionize the industry. So we feel well positioned with T-Mobile, no matter what happens in the market with mergers. And in terms of what's happening in the market, we couldn't speculate on what might or might not happen. But in Investor Day, when we gave our long-term outlook, we didn't contemplate any major new client coming our way. So if we did get one that would be incremental to what we've been talking about.
John Nadel: Okay. And incremental on both sides of the income statement if you will the incremental from a revenue perspective, but also incremental from -- you have these upfront costs related to new clients acquisition if you will.
Alan Colberg: Yes. We built our plan with the line of sight we had with the clients that we have partnerships with. We didn't contemplate in the long-term outlook new clients.
John Nadel: Got you. And if I can sneak one more in. Can you just give us an update on how things are going with respect to Apple as well as the modest but new arrangement you've got with Verizon?
Alan Colberg: Without going into a lot of specifics on how individual clients are performing I think we feel good with our evolving partnership with Apple. And we're now working with them in multiple geographies and we're expanding our reach in their value chain over time so I think we feel good with that. And with Verizon and the other major prospects both in the U.S. and outside of the world we're working hard to differentiate and show that we can bring innovation and we'll see where those go over time, but we do believe we're a disruptive player and that we can help really these clients win over time.
John Nadel: Thanks so much. Really good quarter. Keep up the momentum.
Alan Colberg: All right. We appreciate it. Thank you for everyone. So thanks for participating in today's call. We're pleased with our first half performance and believe we're well positioned to deliver our financial objectives for the year. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our third quarter earnings call in November. In the meantime, please reach out to either Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, Christina, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2019 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market close, we issued a news release announcing our results for the first quarter 2019. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. As noted in both documents, we updated our key financial metrics for the enterprise and our operating segments to align with the company's strategic focus, and the financial objective shared at our recent Investor Day. We believe these metrics will be a better indicator of performance going forward. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. Overall, we are pleased with our results for the first quarter. Performance across our three operating segments was strong, especially mobile and Global Lifestyle. Our results reaffirm our belief that we are well-positioned to sustain our performance long term. Our leadership positions and innovative offerings should continue to support double-digit earnings growth, with a more diversified and higher quality mix of business. During the quarter, we continue to execute on our strategy. In Global Housing, we've repositioned the segment for growth. First, by beginning to stabilize and replace, and second, by continuing to drive profitable growth within multi-family housing and our other specialty property offerings. In multi-family housing, we grew revenue 7% in both our affinity and property management partners now protecting 2.1 million renters protecting across the US. Our focus remains on investing in our key capabilities to deliver even more value for our clients and their renters. To that end, we continue to rollout our new point-of-lease tracking capability to seamlessly integrate our products and services, and gradually increase attachment rates. With our vertically integrated capabilities, broad product suite and emphasis on the customer experience, we've built a leading position in the PMC channel. We continue to expect strong top and bottom line growth going forward. We've also further strengthened our leading lender-placed franchise by renewing three key partnerships in the quarter, and over the past five months, the renewals completed represent nearly one-third of our loans tracked. This bodes well for the future as lender-placed earnings have started to stabilize after years of market declines. Over the next three years, we believe we will generate a 17% to 20% operating ROE, including an average expected cat load. In Global Lifestyle, we are aligned with leading brands to bring innovative products and services to market. In Connected Living, this includes services like our premium tech support, which creates greater value for the end consumer and adds new and important profit pools. We now protect more than 47 million covered mobile devices, up 26% year-over-year. As we highlighted at our Investor Day, our new partnerships with companies like Verizon, Comcast, Charter, KDDI and the renewal and expansion of our T-Mobile relationship to include Metro by T-Mobile demonstrate that our vertically integrated capabilities continue to drive value for our customers and serve as a significant differentiator for Assurant. We made additional progress integrating The Warranty Group acquisition, realizing operating synergies as planned and finding ways to unlock additional value from our stronger, more scalable global automotive business. For example, this quarter, we introduced Pocket Drive, our new technology platform that will expand our offerings beyond service contracts. We expect to launch pilot testing in the second quarter with select dealer partners. We are pleased by the continued strong revenue growth and innovation in this business for the 48 million vehicles we protect worldwide. This also supports our long-term view that we can continue to grow Global Lifestyle's net operating income at least 10% annually on average over the next three years. Turning to Global Preneed, we produced solid, consistent earnings and cash flows in the quarter, supported by our growth and pre-funded funeral policies and favorable mortality trends. Base sales were also strong with a 7% year-over-year increase from new distribution partners within our Final Need product. Over the next three years, we believe we can achieve a sustainable operating ROE of 13% in Global Preneed. In addition to setting these long-term segment targets at our Investor Day, we also provided several key enterprise financial objectives. Over the course of 2020 and 2021, we expect to grow earnings per share on average by 12% with double-digit expansion in net operating income. In addition, starting in 2019, we intend to return $1.35 billion to shareholders over the next three years in the form of share repurchases and common stock dividends, illustrating the confidence we have in our future cash flows. We recognize that executing against our plans for 2019 will be an important step in delivering on these long-term targets. For this year, we continue to expect to grow operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophe losses, by 6% to 10% from the $8.65 we reported in 2018. This will be driven by double-digit earnings growth and disciplined capital deployment. Looking at results for the first quarter 2019, we reported a net operating earnings per share, excluding catastrophes of $2.33, an increase of 9% from $2.14 in the prior year period. This was driven by earnings growth, partially offset by shares issued last year related to our TWG acquisition. Net operating income, also excluding catastrophes, for the quarter was up 30% to $149 million, due to TWG contributions and organic business growth. At the end of March, holding company liquidity totaled $354 million, after returning $51 million in share repurchases and $37 million in common stock dividends. Overall, we're pleased with our performance in the first quarter. We're confident in our ability to continue to expand earnings and cash flow. This will allow us to continue to invest in our business and sustain our track record of returning excess capital to shareholders over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review segment results and our 2019 outlook in greater detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with Global Housing. Net operating income for the quarter totaled $73 million, an increase of $2 million from the first quarter of 2018. Excluding mortgage solutions, in the prior year period, earnings declined as growth in multi-family housing was offset by higher catastrophe costs and decreased profitability in our specialty property offerings. Lower earnings in our specialty property offerings were mainly the result of higher non-cat loss experience in our small commercial property products. For the segment, reportable catastrophes in the quarter totaled $9 million, level with last year. Global Housing revenue was down, reflecting the sale of mortgage solutions. Excluding mortgage solutions, revenue was up 5% due to growth in small commercial products, multi-family housing and our sharing economy offerings. Lender-placed revenue decreased due to lower placement rates, partially offset by higher premium rates. During the quarter, the placement rate declined 13 basis points year-over-year and only two basis points from year-end 2018, in line with our expectations. As noted earlier, we have revised our financial supplement disclosure following Investor Day. Specifically for housing, we've aligned our key financial metrics to report the loss, expense and combined ratios for the entire segment. For the first quarter, the combined ratio for Global Housing was unchanged from the prior year period at 86.7%. This falls within our longer-term range of 86% to 90%, including an average expected capital. For full year 2019, we continue to expect Global Housing to realize modest earnings growth, excluding cat losses. This will be driven by continued expansion of our specialty offerings, most notably, multi-family housing. As we look to the second quarter, we expect higher non-cat loss ratios reflecting typical weather patterns and we will monitor the elevated loss experience in the small commercial products. Lender-placed earnings will reflect the additional reinsurance coverage we secured earlier this year, but underlying profitability is expected to remain stable. We also continue the process of migrating clients to our new operating platform, as this will lower expenses longer term, and more importantly, further enhances the customer experience. Moving to Global Lifestyle. The segment reported earnings of $101 million for the first quarter, a $45 million increase year-over-year. This reflects $30 million after-tax from TWG, including $10 million of realized synergies and $2.8 million of intangible amortization. We also benefited from strong organic growth in the business, led by Connected Living, which grew earnings by 64% in the quarter. This was mainly due to mobile subscriber growth from programs launched over the past two years. In addition, we realized higher trading volumes from carrier promotions and strong margins in repair and logistics. Segment earnings were also supported by more favorable Global Automotive results for legacy Assurant, compared to the prior period, which was marked by some higher one-time expenses. Looking at total revenue for this segment, net earned premiums and fees were up $763 million, mainly from the $651 million TWG contribution. Excluding TWG, revenue was up $112 million or 12%. Organic revenue growth was driven primarily by mobile programs launched during the past two years, mainly in Asia-Pacific and North America. This growth was across various distribution channels and from multiple profit pools, including device protection, premium tech support, as well as repair and logistics. Auto revenue, excluding TWG, was up 20%, benefiting from strong prior period sales in our TPA distribution. Foreign exchange volatility, primarily from unfavorable currency movements in Argentina and Brazil, partially offset growth in the quarter. Looking at the full year, we continue to expect strong earnings growth due to the full year TWG contributions, including $25 million to $30 million of incremental expense synergies, mainly in Global Automotive. In addition, mobile should remain a significant contributor through gaining growth from new and existing programs. It's important to note that the first quarter was particularly strong compared to last year, reflecting the timing of new phone introductions and carrier promotions. For the balance of the year, we expect typical mobile seasonality and some additional pressure from anticipated declines in our legacy credit business within financial services, investments to enhance and strengthen our capabilities, particularly in mobile and auto, will also be important as we look to stay on the forefront of innovation for the future. Now let's move to Global Preneed. The segment reported $12 million of net operating income, a $2 million year-over-year increase. Higher investment income and lower mortality compared to the prior year period were the key drivers. Revenue in Preneed was up 6%, mainly driven by growth in US, including sales of our Final Need product. Global Preneed's outlook for the year remains unchanged with earnings roughly flat with 2018. We will continue to manage expenses closely, as we implement the segment's long-term growth strategy, drive more sales to our home [ph] distribution, work with new partners and expand our portfolio of products. At Corporate, the net operating loss was $19 million, relatively flat with the prior year period. For full year 2019, we expect the net operating loss to be similar to 2018, creating additional leverage with our expense structure as we grow. Turing to capital, we ended March with $354 million of holding company liquidity or about $129 million above our current minimum target level of $225 million. Dividends in the quarter from our operating segments totaled $78 million, lower than segment earnings as we typically wait till later in the year for greater visibility. In addition to our quarterly corporate and interest expenses, the outflows included $51 million in share repurchases, $42 million in common and preferred dividends and $8 million of investments, including strengthening our repair and logistic capabilities in Canada. In the second quarter through May 3rd, we purchased an additional 224,000 shares for $21 million. For full year 2019, we expect dividends from our operating segments to approximate segment operating earnings. These dividends should provide flexibility to invest in our businesses, and return capital to shareholders, subject to market conditions. While our 2019 capital deployment plans take into account our potential purchase of Ike Asistencia in light of our investment in TWG, we are evaluating how Ike fits into our expanded Latin American operations. We are exploring strategic options for Ike and have delayed the put call option until February of 2020 to complete our review. In summary, we're very pleased with our strong performance in the first quarter. We remain focused on delivering on our commitments for the full year. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from John Nadel from UBS.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, John.
John Nadel: Good morning. I have a couple of questions and then I'll get back in the queue. One that I'm curious about the number of renters policies, that's growing really solid double-digit year-over-year, I think the growth rate this quarter was 13%, 13.5%, but your actual net earned premium is growing high-single. Is there just a lag effect there that I'm missing or is there some pricing competition going on?
Richard Dziadzio: Hey, John, good morning. It's Richard.
John Nadel: Good morning.
Richard Dziadzio: I think there is probably the two parts of it. I think first of all, we're expanding in the property management channel, I mean, we have really good growth and strong growth. As we said in - Alan said in his remarks, we're investing in that channel to stay at the forefront of innovation and allowing renters to come in and on-board more quickly. So there is some expense there. I think there's probably two fold, I mean, we're being very competitive in the market, but also there is a lag effect between when we bring on, we are writing the premium when the premium flows through, but I would say, no big changes in margins that we've seen.
John Nadel: Okay, that's helpful. And then, just one housekeeping item. Is that your outlook for 2019. I'm just curious we've seen that property reinsurance costs, particularly in the State of Florida are up pretty significantly. I just wonder whether you already knew that had that big in to your outlook or if that was more of an estimate, and is there any impact we should expect as it relates to your outlook for reinsurance costs, impacting your overall outlook for '19?
Alan Colberg: Hi, John. Yeah, thanks for the question. And actually we did, I think the market had some visibility in terms of the cat cost in Florida, the cost of the hurricane - Florida Hurricane Cat Fund. So we have a, I say a large part of that in to it. As we come into the year, might be a tiny bit higher, but nothing that would impact our outlook whatsoever.
Richard Dziadzio: John, the other thing that we talked about at Investor Day, we've really expanded the multi-year component of our reinsurance, which really stabilizes cost for us over time.
John Nadel: Got you, that's helpful. Thank you. And then the last one, I'm just thinking how did - overall, how did 1Q earnings compare with your own sort of internal expectations, it sounds to me like you're signaling that, in particular, connected living had a pretty solid, maybe favorable quarter. How should we think about - you talked about seasonality. You talked about a little bit higher loss ratios as we move from 1Q into 2Q for that particular business, how can we - can you help us by sizing maybe in a dollar amount or a range, how we should think about that earnings of - for connected living from 1Q to 2Q?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So, certainly, if we look at the quarter, we're pleased by the results and mobile was stronger than we had expected, really driven by trade in volumes. The late introduction in Q4, some of the smartphones push volume into Q1, more than we had expected. So as we head into Q2, we will have seasonality in connected living both in the normal summer, where we just have a greater loss experience and then trade in volumes usually slowdown in Q2 and Q3 as people are anticipating the next smartphone introductions.
John Nadel: How to - is any chance we can talk about how to think about that in terms of dollar amount of earning, typical seasonality as it is like a 5% quarter-over-quarter decline, and...
Alan Colberg: It's hard for us to predict that, but I would say as we remain very confident in our long-term outlook that we've given for Lifestyle, which is that 10% plus average annual mortgage growth that we have a lot of confidence in quarter-to-quarter, it's harder to predict.
John Nadel: Got you. Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christopher Campbell from KBW. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning.
Christopher Campbell: Hi, good morning. Congrats on the quarter.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you.
Christopher Campbell: First question is just on the higher-than-expected losses in housing, I guess how much of the year-over-year increase was due to the higher commercial losses?
Richard Dziadzio: It was due to - I'm sorry.
Christopher Campbell: The higher attritional, like specialty property losses.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah, I mean there was a part in there due to that, I mean that was I would say, the primary part that - the loss ratio year-over-year as we have sort of pointed out, that's within, just for everyone, that sort of within the specialty property component of housing, which was about $120 million to $500 million and specialty commercial property part is about 20%, 25% and that was a small component, and we didn't have great experience to get increase in severity in that book of business and as we've said, we are monitoring it as we go forward.
Christopher Campbell: Got it. And is that more attritional or was it just large losses this quarter?
Alan Colberg: Really an increase in severity, I would say in the book, no huge several big things, but an increase in severity overall.
Christopher Campbell: Okay. And then question on repurchases. I mean is $50 million a good quarterly run rate to think about going forward?
Alan Colberg: So, I think the way I think about that question is, we've said that we expect over the next three years to return $1.35 billion to shareholders via common stock, dividends and repurchases, that translates into roughly $300 million a year over the three years in repurchases. We have to remember, we buy via 10b5-1 and so we can't go in and out of the market that easily.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, thanks. And then just in mobile, I mean any new clients or relationship extensions that you guys are looking at? I mean, how does the sales pipeline look relative to last year?
Alan Colberg: I think we're very pleased with our progress in mobile. You heard in my prepared remarks, I rave about these four or five major new clients that we've started relationships with in the last 18 to 24 months. And as I mentioned at Investor Day, we will be ramping up later this year with Metro by T-Mobile, which has the potential for about 3 million subs to be added over time to our portfolio. So we're very focused on executing on that, but the pipeline remains strong. Our innovative offerings have really differentiated us and giving us a lot of traction in the market.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, great. And then just, I know you guys have talked about like 5G being like a possible tailwind like further out, I guess, just any additional clarity that you have on the development of 5G and then the impact - the potential impact on your business?
Alan Colberg: Got it. In 5G, what we've talked about is ultimately when that gains real consumer traction, there will be a handset replacement cycle that will occur. I think it's still quite a ways in the future if you look at the timing of the rollout of 5G, but that is a long-term tailwind that will help the business at some point.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, great. Well, thanks for all the answers. Best of luck in the second quarter.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Chris.
Richard Dziadzio: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our last question is coming from John Nadel from UBS. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, John.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning. It seems everybody's tied up on AIG this morning. Sorry, guys, but I care. So...
Alan Colberg: We appreciate that. Thank you, John.
John Nadel: If we - I am curious your commentary and I appreciate your commentary around the delay of the put call option on Ike into early 2020. I guess - I'm more curious about how - you talked about evaluating how that business within given the given the acquisition of TWG and the integration you've got going on. Can you - like, can you expand on those thoughts a little bit? I know you don't want to get ahead of things here, but I'm just curious what that means?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So John, let me provide a little context. So when we originally signed the agreement, which was in late 2013, and it's really all about creating more scale for our business in Latin America, which we - in key markets like Mexico, that's a priority. With The Warranty Group acquisition, we added dramatically more scale in the key markets like Mexico and Argentina and Brazil, and given that, it causes us to step back and say, how do we think about this business. Now, it's important to note over the five years, we've been involved, the business has performed well. It's actually slightly ahead of the expectations we had when we made the original investment. But we have scale now in Latin America. So it's a good chance for us to step back and think about what's best for our shareholders.
John Nadel: Got it, understood, okay. And then Alan, one of the - I guess one of the critics that I hear from time to time and based on the disclosures that we get from you guys. I think it's not so easy to counter this critique, is an overarching belief that your position. And I'm talking about Lifestyle here, your position, Assurant's position in the value chain is one that suffers maybe from lower economic relative to maybe a service provider like a Verizon or another, and that the growth as you grow, your incremental margin may actually be lower. Is that a fair critique or is there some way that you can provide some data that counters that? I think that's one thing that weighs a little bit, your growth rate is - the top line growth rate looks terrific, right? I mean, in particular these last couple of quarters. I'm just trying to - I'm trying to see if there's a way to counter that overarching belief or perception.
Alan Colberg: I don't think that's at all the way we think about the business. So we're aligned with the market leaders. We are expanding our whole and providing services to them. We've talked about the addition of major new services in the last 18 months, like premium tech support. And if you look at the long-term, we have grown earnings in that business, 10% plus over the last six years, with an outlook that we're going to continue to be able to do that. So it's a very good business where we are critically important to our partners and delivering the consumer experiences they want. And so we don't tend to think about the margin of each service, because some of them are fee income, some are not. But we look at it and can we continue to grow profitably, and expand and deepen our relationships with our key clients, which we've done very well.
John Nadel: And if we think about Lifestyle discreetly, can you remind us what your return target is for that particular segment?
Alan Colberg: We don't have one, because what we've said matters in Lifestyle. It's not a traditional insurance business. So thinking about returns is not the way to think about it. What we have said is, we can grow earnings and we've done it for six plus years and we can continue to do it. Now, we've said overall for the enterprise, we will be disciplined in that growth with overall enterprise ROE gradually rising over the next three years. But for Lifestyle, specifically it's about profitable earnings growth.
John Nadel: Got you. And the last one I have for you, you talked about this some time ago, I don't remember if at Investor Day, there was any real commentary around this, but I'm thinking about Global Auto and the potential that there may be some opportunity to drive down repair costs given your better size and scale and maybe some ability to renegotiate some contracts with repair facilities dealership. I'm just wondering if there's any update on that front. I know it's not something that - I know you did not build in anything from that and essential stream into your synergies. I'm just wondering if you can give us an update on any progress.
Alan Colberg: John, appreciate question. Let me maybe start just a little more broadly on the TWG synergies, and then I'll come to that one specifically. If you recall, when we did the deal, we announced that we had a hard cost synergy target of $60 million run rate pre-tax by the end of 2019. We are on track and we expect we will deliver that by the end of this year. With that said then, we've really turned a lot of our focus to other sources of synergy ranging from revenue synergies. One of the things we recently rolled out in Japan as the partnership of KDDI around our connected home, we're leveraging our relationship with the legacy Warranty Group capabilities to deliver in the home in Japan. So that's an example of a revenue synergy that they were going hard after, and on the claims costs absolutely, we now have an extraordinarily strong position in the market, leveraging our knowledge of the cards with the payers, these things that go on. And so we're looking to how do we leverage that now, a lot of that benefit will flow to our clients and many of our programs are reinsured or quota shared with our clients. But that strengthens our relationships with those clients and we'll get some benefits. So we're early days on those, it takes time to implement that. But it's another significant source of synergy that as you said, it's not reflected when we talked about the expectations for the TWG deal.
John Nadel: Got it. And since you still have plenty of time, I may as well throw one more in. If I think about the migration on the lender-place side, the migration to a single operating platform, I know you don't - you haven't really quantified what spend you think can be generated from that over time. I'm wondering if you could give us the sense - it doesn't sound like it's that big of a contributor in 2019. I'm wondering, 2020 and beyond, if you think that could be a material impact to the earnings for Global Housing?
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah, John. Hi, it's Rich. I will take that one. We are starting to on-board clients, we are getting some good reactions from the clients. I mean, first and foremost, our investment in the program is to position us for a great customer experience going forward and investment we've made is being well received. So I think that's probably the biggest point on that. It's a multi-year project, and I think as we look forward, I don't think there will be a threshold moment where in 2020, we would see a big impact of expenses. But it would be over time and over, I would say over the next years. On the other hand, I think as you look at the overall expense ratio for the housing area, we are really managing expenses tightly both in the housing area, but overall as a company as you've seen, also in our overall corporate loss and stability there.
Alan Colberg: John, the important thing on lender-placed, I think for everyone to remember is we've now said that we've got that business more stable with significant upside, if we get into an account audit downside. Specifically, on our single source platform for 2019, it's a modest amount. It's really more about as Richard said, the longer term and the consumer experience.
John Nadel: And that expense ratio for that segment, should we see that coming down over the next couple of years? And is this maybe part of that driver?
Alan Colberg: I mean, it's hard to predict now where the expense margin is going to go. I think when we look at the overall expense ratio in the first quarter, also taking into account the variety of businesses within it, whether it would be lender-placed, multi-family, whatever, we have brought it down, managing it well. What I expect to go down in the future as we get through the single source platform, I would expect it to go down, but it's hard today to kind of predict what would happen in 2020, exactly.
John Nadel: Okay. Maybe it's just the redefinition or redefining the segment loss ratio, expense ratio, combined ratio, but I thought you guys used - previously, you were talking about two to four points over time of expense ratio reduction, is that no longer the case or is that just been, like yes, muted or hidden if you will by the aggregation of that expense ratio for the total segment?
Richard Dziadzio: I think John, what I would say is we still feel very good about the long-term impact of that and we've reaffirmed that 86% to 90% combined ratio over time for the segment.
John Nadel: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you so much.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, John. All right, well, thanks everyone for participating in today's call. We're pleased with our first quarter performance and believe we're off to a strong start for the year. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our second quarter earnings call in August. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-13 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, Christina, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2018 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the fourth quarter and full years 2018. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release, as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to other non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. And good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our performance in 2018. We successfully delivered on our financial commitments to shareholders while also investing to ensure a stronger Assurant for the future. For the full year 2018, we grew net operating income, excluding reportable catastrophes, by 25%, at the high end of our outlook for the year. This was driven by a lower effective tax rate, by acquisition of The Warranty Group and organic growth in targeted areas. Operating earnings per diluted share, excluding catastrophes, grew 16%, at a lower rate than net operating income given the 10 million share issuance related to our acquisition of The Warranty Group. We were also pleased by the ongoing cash flow generation of our specialty businesses, which contributes $740 million of dividends to the holding company. As a result, we issued three million fewer shares to finance our TWG acquisition and return $266 million to shareholders through buybacks and common stock dividends. This year through February 8, we returned another $22 million to shareholders as we continue to view our stock as attractively priced. We also remain confident in the cash flow generation of our businesses. Last November, we increased our common stock dividend by 7%, representing the 15th increase since becoming a public company. More importantly, in 2018, we took steps to sustain outperformance and profitable growth long-term. We further strengthened our leading franchises within Connected Living, Global Automotive and multifamily housing. We did this by broadening our distribution, expanding client partnerships, introducing new and differentiated offerings and acquiring TWG. At the same time, we managed lender-placed declines to support policyholders in the aftermath of natural catastrophes. Let me now share some 2018 highlights for each of our operating segments. Global Lifestyle's earnings grew by 20% organically as we strengthen our market position with innovative, full-service offerings well beyond insurance. We are pleased with our progress thus far, integrating TWG. We've successfully managed the transition of client relationships with minimal disruption. As we complete our integration later this year, we expect to further capitalize on our leading position with our Global Automotive products and services. In addition, through year-end 2018, we realized $14 million in after-tax operating synergies. On a run-rate basis, we now have in place more than half of the $60 million pretax target expected by the end of 2019. Within Connected Living, we added new partnerships in the fast-growing cable MSO market while also expanding our relationships with leading OEMs and mobile carriers. Most recently, we launched a device protection program with Visible, Verizon's all-digital prepaid mobile carrier. This program provides device protection, including accidental damage, loss and theft as well as mechanical breakdown following the manufacturer's warranty. It also includes Pocket Keep, our self-diagnostic platform to help consumers optimize device performance and safeguard personal information. As of year-end, we now protect over 40 million covered devices worldwide, with a growing portion leveraging our premium tech support and self-diagnostic tools. Global Automotive continues to perform well in 2018 with nearly 16% revenue growth, excluding contributions from TWG. Our combined Global Automotive business benefited from prior year's strong sales with third-party administrators, dealer networks, national accounts as well as leading global OEMs. We now protect 48 million vehicles. In addition, we are working closely with our partners to develop innovative offerings that reflect the evolution of the automotive market. Most recently, this includes launching Pocket Drive by Assurant, a plug-in vehicle device that empowers auto dealers and customers to benefit from vehicle data and mobile conductivity. This technology-based connected car platform will provide consumers with proactive maintenance alerts, diagnostic warnings, roadside assistance and other features. We believe innovative offerings, such as Pocket Drive will further expand our vehicle protection product suite beyond insurance and deliver significant value to our partners and end consumers. 2018 represented another year of elevated catastrophe activity in Global Housing, with hurricanes in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast as well as the California wildfires. This resulted in $170 million of net after-tax cat losses for Assurant. As part of our January placement, we substantially lowered our per event retention from 2018, further reducing our earnings exposure to natural catastrophes. While this will result in higher cost, primarily in lender-placed, we believe lowering our cat exposure will help us generate more predictable earnings over time. 2018 net operating income for Global Housing, excluding catastrophes, increased 10% year-over-year. The segment benefited from tax reform, and growth in multifamily housing and our portfolio of Specialty Property offerings. In multifamily housing, we now provide an expanded suite of offerings. This includes a tracking system to ensure continuous renters protection and an integrated billing platform for property management companies and their renters. We also invested in creating an even more seamless digital experience for our customers, which we believe will enable us to sustain profitable growth in the future. In lender placed, we also recently secured another multiyear contract renewal with one of our top five largest clients, helping us to solidify our leading position in this business. Moving to Global Preneed. With $58 million of net operating income, the segment continues to be a steady contributor of earnings and cash flow for Assurant. In 2018, we strengthened our client relationships with a multiyear SCI Canada renewal and expanded our distribution with new partnerships. We also added new offerings for the senior lifestyle market, including ancillary products like executor care, to assist in the death notification and estate planning process. This should support continued strong returns and cash flow in the future. Throughout 2019 and beyond, we will continue to invest in capabilities and offerings that will better support consumers connected lifestyles, leveraging our deep expertise within the mobile, auto and home value chains. And as we do so, we will also look to leverage global talent and scale more effectively to support profitable growth. A recent success in the Japanese mobile market is a great example of this. We also see additional opportunities to drive even greater efficiency and deliver a superior customer experience as we deploy new technologies, such as artificial intelligence across our portfolio. We believe these initiatives, among others, will support continued profitable growth this year. Based on current market conditions, we expect 2019 operating earnings per diluted share, excluding catastrophe losses to increase 6% to 10% year-over-year, reflecting continued double-digit earnings expansion. This range takes into account incremental reinsurance costs to reduce our cat exposure, lowering our EPS outlook by two percentage points. The 2019 share count will include the full year impact of the TWG 10 million share issuance, We’d also assume that the preferred shares will be diluted and added to our share count compared to the anti-dilutive approach in 2018, 2019 earnings growth reflect full year contributions from TWG including an additional $25 million to $30 million of after tax operating synergies. We also expect modest profitable growth driven in Connected Living, multifamily housing and Global Automotive. This will be partially offset by continued investments in key capabilities to support growth and declines in the legacy credit business within Global Financial Services. Our outlook also includes the impact of approximately $40 million pre-tax of acquisition related intangible amortization including TWG. Overall cash flow generation is expected to remain strong with segment earnings roughly equaling segment dividends. We will update our view of long-term financial metrics and targets in our coming March 14 Investor Day. Overall, we are pleased with our performance this year. We remain confident in our ability to continue to expand earnings and cash flow long-term. We believe our attractive business portfolio, combined with a scalable operating structure will produce more diversified, predictable earnings. This should allow us to continue to invest in our business and return excess capital through buybacks and common stock dividends. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review our fourth quarter 2018 results and our 2019 outlook in greater detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you Alan and good morning everyone. Let's start with Global Housing. The segment reported a net operating loss of $12 million for the fourth quarter driven by $95 million of reportable cat losses related to Hurricane Michael and the November California Wildfires. Excluding these cat losses and lower effective tax rate, earnings decreased $25 million. This was driven by three main factors. First, consistent with others across the industry we experienced higher non-cat claims primarily from increased severity of water damage and weather in our lender-placed business. This compared to abnormally low non-cat loss experience in the prior period. Second, lender-placed continued to decline as it was reflected in both the lower placement rate and REO volumes. And third, we recorded additional reinsurance premiums in the quarter to account for our full year catastrophe exposure. This had a $6 million after tax impact on earnings. The decline was partially offset by continued growth in multifamily housing and additional investment income from both real estate joint venture partnerships and other related fund investments. Looking at top line performance, revenues for the segment declined by $61 million reflecting the August sale of mortgage solutions, excluding mortgage solutions, revenue was flat as growth in small commercial property products and multifamily housing offset the reduction in lender-placed premiums. As Alan noted, we have placed two-thirds of our 2019 catastrophe reinsurance program and as part of this placement we have substantially lowered our per event retention from $120 million to $80 million pretax. We believe this change will further protect the earnings and cash flows of the company during an active cat year. For example, if we were to recast 2017 cat season using this new $80 million retention, we would have recognized around $80 million more of pretax earnings. We also secured additional multiyear coverage and fixed pricing that will help to reduce the annual variation in cost. For Global Housing in 2019 we expect reverse prior trends and return to earnings growth driven by continued expansion of our specialty property offerings. This includes areas such as multifamily housing and we expect to further increase our penetration of the PMC channel as we leverage digital capabilities to improve the customer experience. We also expect lender-placed earnings to stabilize. While the incremental reinsurance cost will lower results in this business, we will continue to take further actions to manage risk and lower expenses, including our work to streamline our operating platform. Overall, we believe the segment is positioned for long-term profitable growth with significant upside should the economy soften. Also the segment should continue to generate strong cash flows and maintain superior operating returns. Moving to Global Lifestyle, the segment reported earnings at $98 million for the fourth quarter a $55 million increase year-over-year, excluding a $9.3 million of client recoverable. TWG accounted for $35 4 million of the increase. This is net of $2 million of after tax and tangible amortization and includes $8 million of realized operating synergies. Our lower effective tax rate for Global Lifestyle accounted for another $7 million of the increase. Excluding these items, results increased primarily due to organic growth in mobile, including continued expansion in Asia-Pacific. We also benefited from higher mobile trading volumes and greater utilization of our premium tech support services, similar to Housing, Lifestyle also recording greater real estate investment income in the quarter. Revenue was up $708 million in the fourth quarter, primarily driven by the acquisition of TWG and continued growth in the North American auto dealer channel. Excluding TWG, revenue increased by $62 million driven by continued organic growth from mobile programs launched during the past two years and vehicle protection programs sold through third-party administrators. Revenue growth is partially offset by unfavorable currency movements. Looking at Global Lifestyle’s outlook for 2019, we expect continued growth in net operating income. This will be driven by three main factors. First, our full year's contribution from TWG compared to seven months of earnings in 2018. Second an incremental $25 million to $30 million after tax synergies from the acquisition and third, modest organic growth within Connected Living and Global Automotive. Our outlook reflects additional investments to strengthen our offerings across Global Lifestyle and the integration of TWG. We also expect new program launches in recent client renewals to result in continued profitable growth, albeit at lower margins. In addition, we continue to manage the anticipated declines in our legacy credit business within Financial Services and focus on repositioning our embedded card benefits in the banking sector where we have already seen some initial success. Next, let's move to Global Preneed. The segment recorded $16 million of net operating income in the fourth quarter up $12 million year-over-year. The increase includes a $3 million benefit from tax rate change with the remaining amount due to the absence of an asset right down in the prior year period. In addition, we recorded higher investment income from both real estate gains and increased yields. Revenue of Preneed was up 5% driven by growth in the U S and Canada. Base sales increased 3% from continued traction in Final Need. In 2019 we expect Preneed earnings to be roughly flat given a very strong 2018. We will continue to manage expenses closely and look to grow long-term from new and existing clients and adjacent product offerings. At Corporate, the net operating loss was $27.5 million a decrease of $1.6 million. This was due to the absence of workforce reduction charge in the fourth quarter of 2017 and higher real estate investment income, which was partially offset by the adverse impact of the U.S. tax rate change. For 2019 we expect the full year corporate net operating loss to be similar to 2018 even as we continue to grow. Turning to capital, we ended the year with $473 million in total company capital. We're about $223 million of deployable capital after adjusting for our risk buffer of $250 million. Dividends from Global Housing, Lifestyle and Preneed to the holding company totaled $122 million in the fourth quarter, including $75 million from TWG. We also received $31 million in cash related to the sale of one of our health legal entities, Time Insurance Company. During the quarter we repurchased $49 million of shares and paid $40 million – $42 million in shareholder dividends, $37 million related to our common stock and $5 million related to our preferred stock. In 2019 we expect segment dividends from our operating segments to provide ongoing flexibility to invest in our businesses and return capital to shareholders, subject to market conditions. Our current plans also include setting aside capital to the potential purchase of Iké Asistencia. In conclusion, we're pleased with our strong results for the fourth quarter and for the full-year 2018 which provide a solid foundation to drive continued growth into 2019 and with that operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now opened for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey good morning Kai.
Kai Pan: Thank you. Good morning again. So my first question on the cat side with the new program you have there. You mentioned would reduce your pretax cat in 2017 by $80 million. What would impact on 2018 the $170 million?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, so Kai, the answer for 2018 would be about $15 million pretax. But let me give a little context on what we're trying to do with the new reinsurance program. So as we've looked at it, as we've talked about over the last few years, this company is transforming and it's becoming much less cat exposed through the growth areas like Connected Living, the acquisition of The Warranty Group. And as we thought about 2019, you look at the severity of the storm seasons for the last couple of years, what we're really trying to protect against is another severe storm season. And so the way we thought about the additional reinsurance was, yes, in a no cat year, it's a cost. In a typical cat year, it's about a wash and then in a severe cat year, like we had in 2017, we would have a significant amount of additional cash that we could use to benefit our shareholders. So that's how we thought about it and it's a journey that we will continue on as we continue to transform this company to be much less cat volatile.
Kai Pan: Okay, I guess the difference between 2017 and 2018 may be 2018 have more frequency of events, less severity than 2017, so you would not as benefit this much. Would you also consider additional aggregate cover?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes good morning Kai. It’s Richard. I think it definitely was something that we looked at as we went into the end of last year and beginning of this year. We went out to the market, and obviously, looking at our exposure, frequency events and what we're expecting in a kind of an average year and extreme year and our conclusion was that buying down the retention to $80 million excess from $120 million was the best purchase for us. But we will continue as we go forward to look at all options that are out there.
Kai Pan: Okay. Is it $80 million pretax cat loss is still your cat loss assumption going forward?
Richard Dziadzio: No. What I was saying in terms of the $80 million is we brought down our attention, so it's excess $80 million, instead of being excess $120 million. But as Alan mentioned in his remarks, on an average year, it's basically a push overall for the average loss or load that we would have in our plan.
Kai Pan: Okay, that’s great. Let me shift gear to the underlying growth in the Global Lifestyle segments. What's underlying growth, premium growth in both auto as well as Connected Living in the fourth quarter? And just wondering is there a slowing down there? Because your forecast for the organic growth in this segment that you mentioned is modest organic growth in 2019.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So if you look at 2018, I think we are very pleased with the growth in Connected Living broadly. If you look at Q4, I think we were up 7%, excluding The Warranty Group. If you look at – this revenue. If you look at full year 2018, we were up 9% and that's with the headwinds of unfavourable FX in Latin America. So we feel good about the growth. The challenge when we get to earnings is we are ramping multiple new programs and investing. And so in the short-term, you don't see as much of that flowing through to earnings as you see flowing through the revenues, but it dramatically strengthens Connected Living for the longer-term.
Kai Pan: Okay. The last one if I may, do you have any updates with AppleCare+ as well as potential merger between T-Mobile and Sprint?
Alan Colberg: No. We generally don't go into a lot of detail on how specific clients are performing, but I think we're very pleased with our broad relationship with Apple, not just in the U.S. but in other markets around the world. And then again relative to a potential merger in the market, we have a long-standing track record of innovation and creating value for our clients and that I think positions us well.
Kai Pan: Okay. Thank you so much. I would re-queue. Thank you.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from UBS. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey good morning John.
John Nadel: Good morning Alan. Good morning Richard. So just to square the circle here on the combined ratio, for the catastrophe impact, so over a long period of time, I think, back on Assurant, I think, the more normal or typical catastrophe-type load for the lender-placed business was something like four or five points. On the combined ratio, it sounds like the buy down of the retention is may be going to save you one to one and a half points. Is that the right way to think about that on – in terms of the typical or normal cat load going forward?
Richard Dziadzio: John good morning, this is Richard. I mean I think the way we look at it, I think overall, the amount of the cost of reinsurance that you had is generally correct. I think as we look at it kind of on an average year in a – our NOI it will be a push. On our NOI, it will be a push. So that's with cats, obviously. Without cats, it's just the cost. So on average, year-over-year push would be the way to look at it. But in a year like 2017 where there is some extreme events, Harvey, Irma, Maria, et cetera, yes, that would be an $80 million pretax earnings for us, so that would be a significant change in the earnings profile. And it is another thing that allows us to continue to say profitable growth in the future. Other parts of the businesses have grown, particularly with TWG, so the part of our business that is cat risk is much less already. And then with this additional insurance that we bought, it's even less so.
Alan Colberg: John we’ve just got one thing to clarify. So if you think about our cat load in a average year, what we now expect, given the size of our program, given the reinsurance tower would be $65 million post-tax. That is our specialty cat load. And what Richard was saying is if we had a typical year, our NOI with cat with the new program would be basically unchanged versus what would have been with both program. But we're far better off as a company and for our shareholders if we have a severe storm season, as Richard highlighted, we would have substantially more cash to use in 2017 and 2018.
John Nadel: Yes, I think this is very responsive. You guys have heard that the less volatility in earnings, better – like the better valuation over the long-term, so I'm a fan. Alan just wanted to talk about it. I think if I understand this correctly, I think you've got three-step robust cost savings program that are going on sort of simultaneously and unrelated to each other. The first you laid out a few years ago was designed to drive that $100 million of growth saves over a multiyear period of time. The second one is the migration to a single platform in the lender-placed business. And the third, of course, TWG. You've given us the update on TWG and it sounds like everything is well on track there. Can you give just an update on the prior two?
Alan Colberg: Yes, so on the first one, which is our long-term targets to have $100 million of gross expense saves in our G&A, we are fairly far along with that and where you can see the benefit is if you look at our Corporate loss, for example, over 2017 and 2018, if you normalize for the tax rate change is flat, and we've given an outlook of flat again for 2019 despite strong revenue growth for the company. And in total, if you think about that $100 million, we estimate we're about $75 million complete at the $100 million. So we'll continue to work on it. But you're seeing the benefits flowing through the P&L by the ability to grow the company, invest and have a flat Corporate loss. In terms of our single platform and housing, last year was really about getting the first clients installed and proving out the value capture, which we've now done. As we head into 2019 and 2020, it's going to be a series of conversions of our clients one by one. It will take time to really infect the ratios that we see and get us to our long-term target there, but we really believe that this differentiates our client experience, our consumer expense – experience and really strengthens our market position in lender-placed.
John Nadel: So following-up on that last one and then I'll re-queue. I think your long-term targeted expense ratio for the risk businesses and housing was 42 to 44, is that still intact? And approximately when do you think you get into that range? Is that dependent on completing this migration?
Alan Colberg: Yes, John, you're accurate in terms of what we had said in the past in terms of the longer-term expense ratio. We're in the process, obviously, of getting ready to update the market on, I would say, all the metrics that are important for us as we go forward during Investor Day on March 14. So I'd assume that will be part of an update on housing and lender-placed specifically.
John Nadel: Okay, thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: Thanks John.
Alan Colberg: Thanks John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Richard Dziadzio: Hey, good morning Mark.
Mark Hughes: Hey thank you. Good morning. Good morning Alan. Good morning Richard. I just want to make sure I'm clear on how you're treating amortization for the guidance for 2019 [ph], I think you said it excludes $40 million of amortization. Is that to say it's more of a cash EPS guidance?
Richard Dziadzio: We’re basically just calling out the amount of amortization that we have in this year. So it's included in all the numbers. We've included in all the numbers, but we know it's important to the market to get a better read on sort of the cash we're generating because we do generate a lot of cash, as you've seen. As Alan said in his remarks, we're still expecting going forward, that the operating earnings from the segments to equal the dividends that we can upstream. So that's just a number that we think that the market will find interesting.
Mark Hughes: Okay. Any updated thoughts on perhaps providing guidance on more of a cash basis?
Alan Colberg: As Richard said a minute ago, Mark, at Investor Day, we will be updating all the metrics we think are important. So let's hold that until Investor Day in about a month.
Mark Hughes: Okay. On the Lifestyle, when you mentioned the modest organic, I think you've said you're ramping up new programs that's having an impact on margin. Are we to think of this at the modest organic is net operating income growth but then the top line growth would be faster?
Alan Colberg: Yes, when we talk about modest organic growth, we're talking about net operating income. The important of the longer term in lifestyle has been that expansion of our programs and clients, and we're now up to what, 46 million subscribers from the low 30s two years ago, so that flows to revenue more quickly than it flows through the P&L just given with the programs you have to build over time.
Mark Hughes: And Richard you had mentioned this $7 million item, I think, in Global Lifestyle. What was that again?
Richard Dziadzio: It was a $9 million item. I think you're talking…
Mark Hughes: It was $9 million.
Richard Dziadzio: It’s client recoverable. So every year, just the nature of the business, basically changes in client contracts, and we had one that was a little bit larger. So we wanted to call it out specifically just so as you model and as the market models and goes forward, it wouldn't take the aggregate amount and kind of extrapolate that. So that's why we called that out specifically.
Mark Hughes: And then a final question. You had referred to, I think, I'm talking about the vehicle expand the product suite beyond insurance. Is that something meaningful we should think about?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think it's very early days for automotive. If you think about it prior to The Warranty Group acquisition, we did not have the direct-to-dealer distribution to really drive innovation in the market the way we have in mobile. So what we've done in mobile over the last few years is create a road map that has taken us far beyond insurance in delivering a really superior consumer ownership experience. We are launching the same roadmap for auto. Now it's very early. It will be a net investment for us in 2019 as we grow that but longer term, we see the same potential that really brought in far beyond insurance and auto as we've done in mobile.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Campbell from KBW. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey good morning.
Christopher Campbell: Yes thanks. Hey good morning. Congrats on the quarter.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you.
Christopher Campbell: I guess my first question is just kind of on the share repurchases. I mean they were very low in 4Q, and I was just surprised you didn't purchase more with the weakness. I guess was this cat-driven or blackout-driven because maybe you guys can't repurchased during that time frame?
Richard Dziadzio: Well we were – I would sort of start – I would sort of rewind to the year. I mean originally, we had given an indication to the market that we would be purchasing nothing in 2018, given the acquisition of TWG. We got to the second half of the year and felt a lot better about where we were in terms of market, including the cats, so we entered the market toward the end of the year. We ended up purchasing another $49 million in the fourth quarter that brought our total annual purchase to about $130 million so well ahead of what we thought we would do during the year. And I think again that sort of underscores the strength of the company. We do, do these repurchases in terms of 10b5-1 so we do them over a period of time and that's really what you're seeing in the beginning of January here as well as we're still in – as we remained in the market as we've seen in our comments.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, got it. And I think you guys had mentioned in the script potentially using some of the capital to I guess close an acquisition. I guess just how would that impact share repurchases just as we're thinking about for the year?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think we've basically – in our statements and talked about the potential acquisition of Ike Asistencia, which would be sort of the larger thing on the docket. We purchased the first 40% for about $115 million a few years ago. There's a potential acquisition of the remainder of that as the year goes on. So we've kind of put those funds aside already, reflected that in our capital assumptions and again, I'd say, we are in the market as you've seen purchasing. So that's kind of accounted for, I would say.
Christopher Campbell: Got it. And so those funds for the IkÈ Asistencia one, those would be included in what you have in the excess capital I think, which is the...
Richard Dziadzio: Yes.
Christopher Campbell: So that would be in the 223 right now?
Richard Dziadzio: That’s right. In the 473 total deployable capital as we start the year, that's within, but I would also say I mean we generate cash kind of every day, every month. So as we go forward in the year, that's taken into – it's taken into account, sorry. It's taken into account already within that projection. It's not 473 minus that amount. It's taken into account within that amount. So sorry about that. Just to be more clear.
Christopher Campbell: Okay got it. Got it. It’s very helpful. And I guess switching to Global Housing I guess you had allocated cat in the property book and then, obviously, you're purchasing more reinsurance. So you probably want to get that baked into pricing. I guess just how are you thinking about your taking rate in the LPI book in 2019 versus your loss costs. And I mean is there any potential for higher rates to help offset some of the PIP decline?
Alan Colberg: Yes, so maybe I'll step back just a bit in housing. Housing really overall has had an inflection point. If you think about the last few years, we've been dealing with steady revenue declines, and obviously, the corresponding declines from profitability. We have turned the corner in housing and we've now set for 2019, we expect growth. That's overall – that assumes continued modest placement rate declines in lender-placed, assuming the housing market doesn't weaken, that will continue. But through a combination of expense actions we've taken through ordinary course relationships now at the regulators, we have got LPI stable with the upside if we have weakening of the housing environment and then housing overall is now positioned to grow. So we feel very good about where we are with housing. Obviously, we're dealing with elevated non-cat loss as the whole industry is and that will work its way into pricing over time for the industry.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, got it. And then just looking at – I mean, just looking at the concentration of that book, if I go like back to the first quarter of 2017, you've got about 22% in kind of southern coastal regions. Now it's about 25% and I guess, obviously, you had buy down of retentions. But I mean is there an opportunity to buy them down even further? I mean I guess just how do you guys get to the $80 million retention and giving up 2% EPS growth? I guess just what was kind of the calculus behind that for you on a cost-benefit basis?
Alan Colberg: Well you're exactly right. We looked at, I would say a lot of combinations and permutations around what we could buy in the market including as we talked about earlier even ag insurance and it really is a question at the end of the day of total risk appetite and cost benefit of these things. So as we looked at it, we thought we would take a major step and you'll see going down from $120 million of retention to $80 million of retention is a huge step. I wouldn't even start to forecast where we'll go in the future with that, but I think we kind of put the cursor exactly on the place where we want to be for 2019
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. And Chris on the coastal exposure, we've always had coastal exposure given our business model and it hasn't really changed in any meaningful way over time. It moves around 1% or 2% but long-term, it's what we've always had and it hasn't really changed.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, got it. And then just one final one on Lifestyle, I guess where are you seeing the most growth in mobile, extended warranty in automotive? I mean what are kind of the growth areas in those lines?
Richard Dziadzio: So in mobile the growth is coming really from several different things. One, we are adding new clients. So we've talked in the last few quarters about KDDI in Japan as the new client. We've now gotten our first meaningful program with Verizon. We've got Apple in the U S so we're getting a lot of growth from new programs. Those programs generally take two to three years to reach maturity as people buy and replace phones. We're also getting a lot of growth from new services and over the last couple of years we've rolled out Pocket Geek, which is our onboard platform for the consumer experience. And more importantly now we're rolling up premium tech support, which is the really complicated customer care that's creating new growth drivers within our existing client base. So lots of different things are driving the very strong growth in mobile. And then if you look at autos, that business is a little different in that what flows through the P&L this year. A significant portion of it was based on sales in the past. So we've had very strong sales in the last few years and that's beginning to show through in 2019 and 2020 but where the growth is going to come from for us? Now we're adding more services beyond what we're doing with the traditional vehicle service contracts. So we see good momentum in auto as well.
Christopher Campbell: Great, well thanks for all the answers. Best of luck in 2019.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Hey, thank you for the follow up. This is larger picture question. Back in 2016 Investor Day, you laid out three financial objectives, growing net operating income long-term, 15% plus EPS growth and ROE expanding to 15% plus. But if you look at the last couple years your already have been – in normalized cat[ph] environment probably running around the 10% and in a recent A,M. Best article you mentioned that ROE is an important measure but it’s still coming less so for our business. Could you just elaborate on the ROE objective? Are you going away from that and more focusing on earning growth, EPS growth going forward?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. So let me, I'll comment on the three metrics from 2016 and then partially answer your question and we'll fully answer it in Investor Day in a month. So we laid out three long-term important metrics. One was to grow earnings and that was very significant because we were dealing with the lender-placed declines, we were dealing with the exit of health and benefits. And the very positive news is we've returned to growing earnings. In fact, we've given outlook for 2019 that we are going to have double-digit earnings growth. So we feel that one has been delivered and that's really driven both in Housing and Lifestyle. Second, we laid out an EPS growth target of 15%. We've delivered about 13% on average over the last three years, so close and we feel pretty good about how well we've done on EPS. Then ROE, we obviously made a decision in the middle to deploy capital to buy the Warranty Group, which obviously added a lot of capital into the company, but fundamentally changed our position in the auto market, which gives us a much better franchise to go with the mobile business we already have. So as we think about it, we have much higher quality of earnings now than we had three years ago. In terms of ROE, for us we use it as a discipline in making investing decisions, an important discipline. But as our mix continues to evolve and shift it is not as relevant, but we'll talk more about that in Investor Day.
Kai Pan: Thank you so much for the preview. Good luck.
Alan Colberg: Thank you
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from UBS. Your line is open.
Richard Dziadzio: Hey, John.
John Nadel: Many thanks for taking the follow up. Richard, I wanted to follow up on a question from earlier. Without necessarily telling us how much you have earmarked for the buy in of the remaining stake of Iké and I know that's still subject to a footfall option, but – so it's not given. But is that already reflected in the $473 million of parent company cash or the $223 million ex the $250 million buffer? Or should we think about the cash that you would use for that buy in as a drawdown on the $223 million?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Okay. So two parts to your question John and you phrased it accurately as usual, in terms of the acquisition, we had a call put, did their options both parties. So we have the option to buy, they have the option to put that starts later in the first half of the year. So, again we don't know exactly what's going to happen as we go forward in the year and we'll keep everyone up to date as those events unwind, so that's the first point. Second Point is, yes we did pay about $115 million for the 40% interest, can't speculate on what the rest of the 60% interest is, but that probably gives you some level of overall magnitude. Just in terms of the funds to be specific, I would say you'll see that the level of cash that we have at the end of the year is probably relatively high at $473 million so we've taken into account that we have this purchase coming in the future. So we will be purchasing it as we go forward out of that $473 million I would say.
John Nadel: Okay. So that $473 million is growth?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. So we've taken it – we've taken it into account in the numbers and the capital projections and we're thinking of and repurchases for the year.
Alan Colberg: And John, I would just elevate, elevate from the specific to point to what our long term track record is around capital deployment. We have a business that whatever we earn in the segments on average, we're able to get to the holding company and over 15 years we have consistently used that as the number one thing to return capital to our shareholders to buy back in dividends. So forget, short term things that are going on, that is our long term philosophy and nothing has changed with that.
John Nadel: Yes, absolutely. And then just a follow-up on investment income as well, Richard, obviously, real estate GMB income is lumpy and very difficult to predict, if not impossible. But if we strip that out of your total investment income for the fourth quarter, would you characterize the underlying level of investment income as sort of a reasonable way to think about a run rate? It looks like it was pretty good and maybe it's just benefiting from rates being higher in a shorter duration portfolio turning over a little bit more quickly. Can you just comment on that?
Alan Colberg: Yes. John, let me start and then I'll turn it over to Richard. The way to think about real estate, which is lumpy, is just an alternative asset class within our investment portfolio? So we've made a decision to take some of our investment portfolio and invest in real estate projects. That is, it shows up in a lumpy way, but it does show up consistently over time. So we don't think about stripping it out the way you described it, but I understand where you're going. So Richard, do you want to talk about what's the underlying rate before you add back in something on real estate?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I think if you look at the kind of the average rates that we've been posting during the previous quarters that gives you a good indication of the overall yield. I mean, yields have moved a little bit, but obviously they went up and kind of now backed down in the markets. The other thing that you have coming in and the total investment income is, when we put – we added TWG to the portfolio. So obviously that boosts the aggregate amount that we have coming through. So I wouldn't factor in any sort of quantum steps or leaps in it. It's sort of a natural progression of the portfolio. And as Alan said, as you and your question said, real estate income is lumpy and in 2019, we kind of had most of it in the fourth quarter here.
John Nadel: Yes, yes. I'm not dismissing the real estate income it's very real, it's just that – it's much more difficult to predict it. And then last one is, Alan, and may be this is more about sort of looking into the March 14 Investor Day. But I think one of the things investors struggle with is trying to model the revenue and margin contribution the differing businesses within Global Lifestyle, the trade-in business let’s say versus the mobile service contract versus the warranty business on the auto side. So you mentioned trade-in volumes were up on a year-over-year basis, I know you don't split out that piece of revenues but may be you can help us understand that a bit more. How much for trade-in volumes up? How much of revenue comes from that business? May be, how we gauge the contribution from the steady increases in covered devices and covered automobiles those sorts of things and may just be more around your deliverable on March 14, but any color you can provide would be helpful.
Alan Colberg: Yes. John, first of all, I understand the challenges that you ought to work through and trying to understand Lifestyle. The thing we always have to balance is our competitors generally are either private or not disclosing any information about what they're doing. And so it's a balance and we are committed as you've seen over the last few years to provide as much transparency as we can and we will continue to do that. Just specifically in trade-in volumes in Q4, what's really happening is we're adding new programs and we have more subscribers. So even in a market where smartphone sales were sluggish to down, we're growing trade-in’s because of our increasing number of programs in subscribers.
John Nadel: Got it. Perfect.
Alan Colberg: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is coming from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you for taking the follow-up. You had mentioned the how in the vehicle business your revenue is driven by sales you've made in prior years. The unearned premium in the Global Lifestyle segment sits at about $14 billion. Could you say how much of that normally would flow through the P&L in terms of revenue for you, is the some portion of that presumably shared off with your partners, your clients and so therefore it doesn't actually flow through your P&L and am I thinking about that properly and if that's the case, how much of that would you expect on your income statement in the future?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, Mark its Richard back. So I guess the $14 billion, I think part of it is reflection of the acquisition with TWG. During the acquisition we really talked about showing, aligning them with our accounting and going from– going to an accounting that's what we call gross accounting. So the premiums that are paid by the customer come in total to our balance sheet and then the distribution costs, claims are paid out. So as you've kind of stated, I guess implicitly, not all of that those unearned premiums are kind of for us per se. They will all flow through the income statements and P&L’s but a part of them will go through to distribution payments, commissions, claims, et cetera. So it will be a part of that. I think the best thing I would do in terms of giving you guidance on that would be really to look at the kind of the growth trends that we have in the net earned premium that we're showing in the revenues in the auto section and growing those is probably the best indicator as opposed to trying to get into the EPR and what piece because that that's a fairly complex piece And we can start.
Mark Hughes: Yes, understood, I guess I'm trying to get a basic understanding of your global vehicle that are in premium fees and others this last quarter was $670 million but you're sitting on an unearned premium balance of $14 billion and so I'm just trying to do kind of the simple math of how much backlog do you have sitting on your balance sheet and how many presumably years worth of revenue is reflective there as opposed to what's the near-term growth rate, anything like that. I'm just trying to get a feel for the magnitude what that implies for future visibility?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So Mark, if you're willing let's defer that to our Investor Day where we planned to talk a lot more about how to think about the auto business going forward. The important takeaway though is we have a lot of embedded earnings on the balance sheet in auto, which is one of the reasons we have a lot of confidence about how the business is going to grow in the coming years.
Mark Hughes: Right, I think we understand that, I'll take your point to wait on that. But how much embedded revenue is sitting there, how much is yours versus your partner, that's the question, I appreciate your answer on that. One other question was, you had mentioned the lender-placed insurance, some of the underlying losses were higher and others were experiencing that and part of what will help that is rate hike, do you have any kind of assumption or visibility on what the rate hikes you might anticipate over the next year or two within the lender-placed piece?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, what I would say on that is, we're in a good position with the various states at this point. Our discussions with them are based on the facts of the situation and you know we’re warranted based on our experience. We're able to work with them on rates. So I think we feel good about it, its ordinary course. It's an annual process with most states. That's how we think about it.
Mark Hughes: And you wouldn't care to venture mid-single-digits, upper single digits?
Richard Dziadzio: No, no. We would not.
Mark Hughes: Yes, okay. All right, very good. Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Mark.
Alan Colberg: All right, well thank you everyone for participating in today's call. We're very pleased with our performance in 2018 and looking forward to another strong year in 2019. Our Investor Day on March 14 is coming up soon and we'll share our long-term vision, strategy and we'll go deeper on the key metrics and the way to think about our various businesses. In meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does concludes today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-07 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Suzanne Shepherd - VP, IR Alan Colberg - President & CEO Richard Dziadzio - CFO & Treasurer
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley John Nadel - UBS Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan Mark Hughes - SunTrust Christopher Campbell - KBW
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, Christina, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2018 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the third quarter 2018. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. As a reminder on May 31st, we closed the acquisition of The Warranty Group, or TWG. Beginning June 1st, net operating income and net operating income per diluted share include TWG results, the $1.2 billion of acquisition financing obtained this past March and related costs. Dividends on the preferred stock issued as part of the deal financing are an ongoing expense reflected in net operating income. In addition, starting August 1st, the mortgage solutions business is no longer included in operating results, given the sale. Some of the statements made today maybe forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will refer to other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. Overall, the third quarter was in line with our expectations. This marks the first full quarter since closing our acquisition of The Warranty Group. We are pleased with performance thus far and we're starting to jointly develop new offerings to capitalize on our leading position in the global automotive market. We remain focused on completing our global integration and are on track to deliver on our commitment of $60 million policies of run rate operating synergies by the end of next year. Results for the quarter also included solid organic growth across Connected Living, Preneed, and multifamily housing. We believe this momentum will help sustain profitable growth. As we pre-announced we incurred more than $50 million of after-tax losses related to Hurricane Florence, well within the retention limit of our reinsurance program. I want to thank all of our employees who supported our policyholders in their time of need. Let me now share some recent highlights for our three business segments. They underscore our ongoing success building strong partnerships with leading brands, our focus on innovation, and customer excellence. Starting with Global Lifestyle, the segment posted solid earnings for the quarter, particularly in mobile, where new subscriber growth more than offset higher loss experience and lower trade-in volumes. Mobile revenue increased 12% as Global Protection programs launched last year continued to gain momentum. In total, we now protect more than 44 million devices worldwide. And we continue to gain traction in the mobile marketplace. Most recently, in September, we worked with Apple to launch AppleCare+ with Theft and Loss. This represents Apple's newest and most comprehensive option in its family of device protection plans available on their stores, online, and select resellers like BestBuy. The offering provides coverage for hardware service, accidental damage, theft and loss, as well as software and technical support, something we believe continues to be a growing need for consumers. This comes on the heels of several other device programs we helped launched globally in the last two years to enable our carrier and cable partners to offer access to AppleCare services. While still very early, performance has been tracking our expectations. Also on the one-year anniversary of our partnership with KDDI, we expanded our relationship by introducing an enhanced mobile device support program for all of their Apple customers in Japan. This includes four years of coverage for mechanical breakdown, accidental damage and loss and theft. We are encouraged by the success with KDDI and look forward to finding new and unique ways to serve them and their end-consumers. Global Automotive business also continues to generate strong top-line growth, with more than 47 million protected vehicles worldwide. As the industry evolves, we're making targeted investments to expand our connected car capabilities. During the quarter, we made a strategic investment in Mojio, a leading technology platform and software service provider for connected cars, as we explore digital protection and support solutions for vehicle owners and automotive partners. We are finding ways to enhance our vehicle protection offerings with real-time telematics data and remote diagnostic information. This is in addition to connecting vehicle owners and their cars with numerous on-demand services. Overall, we see opportunities to continue to scale our businesses and introduce innovative offerings around the increasingly connected lifestyle of consumers. Turning to Global Housing, this segment generated solid results excluding catastrophe losses. We continue to evolve and strengthen our specialty property offerings where we have leadership positions and differentiated capabilities. Our lender-placed insurance franchise remains strong and generates substantial cash flow. We recently renewed two significant clients with multi-year agreements and continue to make progress with our operating system migration. As we close out 2018, we believe lender-placed earnings will stabilize next year, after several years of market declines. In multifamily housing, we continue to generate strong growth with a nearly 11% increase in revenue this quarter and we now protect 2 million renters across the U.S. During the quarter, we became the exclusive provider of renters insurance to Village Green, one of the nation's premier property management companies providing our suite of renters' products and services to their more than 25,000 rental units in the U.S. Over the last several years we have steadily built out our capabilities and offerings in the sharing economy space. We have focused on three key areas. On-demand mobility insurance mainly an auto peer-to-peer and car fleet sharing shared accommodations primarily in the vacation rental market and shipping insurance. We now work with around 30 clients including some of the most sought after brand names in this sharing economy market like Etsy, GMs car sharing program Maven, and Flexdrive. Well, not yet a significant driver of revenue or earnings, we believe this is an area of growth potential we have developed to recognized brand, due to our innovative and adaptive approach. Overall, we believe these specialty offerings will help support profitable growth for Global Housing in the years ahead. And finally, Global Preneed. The segment posted record earnings driven by recent growth in sales and total assets under management. Our specialty products in the alignment with SCI in North America and other market leaders in Canada are key differentiators. We've recently expanded our offerings to include ancillary products such as support and assistance to world executive tours and those navigating the state planning process. Overall Preneed continues to produce strong returns and robust cash flows. Turning to our consolidated financial results, we currently measure our success against three key metrics: net operating income, net operating income per diluted share, and operating return on equity all excluding catastrophe losses. Beginning in June, these metrics include results for TWG and related acquisition financing. For the first nine months of 2018, Assurant's net operating income increased by $58 million or 19% year-over-year to $371 million, driven by contributions from TWG, a lower effective tax rate, and organic growth. Operating earnings per diluted share was $6.37, up 13%. Annualized operating return on equity excluding AOCI was 11%, up 60 basis points since year-end mainly due to growth in earnings. At the end of September holding company capital totaled $473 million after returning $119 million in share repurchases and common dividends in the quarter. We also recently announced a new $600 million share repurchase authorization. This brings our total available authorization to $776 million as of November 2nd. As always, our buybacks are subject to market conditions and other factors. We are committed to managing our capital prudently, maintaining balance sheet strength, and sustaining our track record of investing in the business to support long-term profitable growth. All of this while returning excess capital to shareholders over time. As we approach the end of 2018, we continue to expect Assurant net operating earnings excluding reportable catastrophes to increase 20% to 25% from last year. As we look ahead to 2019, we remain focused on continuing to grow earnings and cash flow. To do so, we are fostering even greater collaboration across our lines of business to leverage our newly expanded global scale and expertise. This will be especially important as our lifestyle and housing markets converge around the connected consumer. We see opportunities to drive greater efficiency and effectiveness across our global operations through simplification, standardization, and deployment of technologies such as artificial intelligence. And technology investments, we've made this year will support an even better customer experience across channels globally. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review our third quarter 2018 results and outlook in greater detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning everyone. Let's start with Global Housing, where net operating income totaled $19 million for the third quarter compared to a net loss of $110 million in the same period of 2017. The increase was primarily due to $120 million of lower tax. Third quarter included $67 million of losses related to wind and flood damage from Hurricane Florence and an increase in reserves for claims from Hurricane Maria. As a reminder, we incurred a total of $187 million in cat losses in the third quarter of last year. Excluding catastrophe losses, and the tax rate change, net operating income declined by $8 million year-over-year, driven by less favorable non-catastrophe loss experience and expected declines in lender-placed. We also incurred additional technology expenses as we reinvested a portion of our tax savings with additional investments planned for the fourth quarter. Growth from our Affinity partners and property management companies and multifamily housing and more favorable non-cat loss experience from other specialty property products like International Dwelling partially offset the decline. The risk-based combined ratio for our lender-placed and manufactured housing businesses excluding cat losses increased to 83.2% from 80.7% in the prior year period. This was mainly due to less favorable non-cat loss experience from other weather-related claims and water damage in lender-placed insurance, a trend we expect to continue through year-end. We also incurred higher expenses in the quarter to support new business. With the sale of mortgage solutions and the expansion of other specialty property offerings, we are reevaluating Global Housing's profitability metrics for our capital-light businesses. We expect to share our conclusions with you along with relevant segment targets at our upcoming Investor Day in March. Moving to revenue, total Global Housing net earned premium and fees were down slightly in the third quarter, reflecting the sale of mortgage solutions on August 1st. Excluding mortgage solutions, revenue was up 9% driven by growth in our commercial property products and multifamily housing. Revenue also increased from the absence of catastrophe reinstatement premiums which were paid in the prior-year period. This increase was partially offset by a reduction in lender-placed premiums mainly from lower real estate owned volumes and declining placement rates. The placement rate for lender-placed dropped 15 basis points year-over-year or three basis points from the second quarter in line with our expectations. This reduction reflects the overall strength of the housing market and a higher mix of low placement loans. We expect placement rate declines to continue to moderate. As we preannounced fourth quarter results will include claims from Hurricane Michael. We continue to process claims and based on our view today, we believe losses will likely be in the range of $75 million to $105 million pretax. This is below our cat reinsurance prevent retention of $120 million. Excluding catastrophe losses, we expect Global Housing net operating income for this year to increase, driven by the benefit of a lower U.S. tax rate. While earnings will be lower absent tax, we are encouraged by the progress we've made to refocus our housing portfolio and moderate lender-placed declines. In addition, we expect to continue to grow revenue and earnings in multifamily housing and other specialty offerings over the long-term. Moving to Global Lifestyle, the segment earnings increased to $76 million for the third quarter. This included $29.9 million from acquisition of The Warranty Group. Net of $2.5 million primarily related to intangible amortization. This also includes $5 million in realized operating synergies in the quarter. We also saw solid organic growth in Connected Living mainly from new mobile programs launched in 2017 and ongoing expense management efforts within our extended service contract business. Effective tax rate was not a driver in the quarter because the net benefit from tax reform was nearly matched by a one-time gain in 2017. Lifestyle growth was partially offset by continued declines in financial services driven by discontinued partnerships, as we reposition our offerings within the banking sector. Turning to revenue, net earned premiums and fees were up $700 million year-over-year primarily due to the $626 million contribution from TWG. We saw continued growth in the North American auto business predominantly through the national dealer distribution channel. Organic growth within Global Lifestyle was driven by higher service contract volumes from our third-party distribution channel within global auto and strong subscriber growth for mobile programs which started in 2017. Lower mobile trade-in volumes and a depreciation of the Argentine peso partially offset this increase. Turning to the segments profitability metrics, the combined ratio for the risk-based businesses improved to 97.2% from 99.2% due to catastrophe loss experience and the favorable impact from the TWG acquisition. As a reminder, in the third quarter 2017, we incurred losses mainly in our auto business of $7.7 million related to Hurricane Harvey compared to $1.4 million of claims this quarter related to Hurricane Florence. The pretax margin for fee-based capital-light businesses was 5.3% in the third quarter or 6.5% excluding TWG earnings. This compares to 3.8% in the prior year period. Overall the improvement was driven by higher profit from global mobile programs started in 2017 and realized expense savings in the extended service contract business. Less favorable U.S. loss experience and lower contributions from Europe partially offset the increase. As noted last quarter, the Connected Living margins reflect the inclusion of the TWG business mainly more service contract offerings with lower margins. Overall for full-year 2018, we expect continued organic growth in Global Lifestyle driven by mobile and global automotive. Global Lifestyle earnings growth this year will reflect the TWG acquisition and organic growth along with the benefit of a lower effective U.S. tax rate. Organic growth should be mainly driven by mobile, partially offset by declines in financial services. Now let's move to Global Preneed. The segment reported $70 million in net operating income. This was an increase of $4.5 million year-over-year. Results included a $2 million benefit from the lower U.S. tax rate net of some reinvestments in the business. Excluding the tax benefit, earnings were up from greater investment income due to both higher invested assets and interest rates as well as growth in the business. Revenue in Preneed was up 8% for the quarter. Growth was driven by prior period sales of pre-funded funerals and the Final-Need product across U.S. and Canada. Base sales increased for the second consecutive quarter from expansion of our Final-Need product with new distribution partners. To a lesser degree, results benefited from greater volume of pre-funded funeral offerings in Canada and the U.S. As a reminder, last year sales were adversely impacted by the significant hurricane activity in the quarter. We are pleased with Preneed strong results, but expect to see earnings moderate in the fourth quarter, given seasonality and higher mortality as we near the winter months. For the full-year, we still expect Preneed earnings will increase modestly for the impact of tax. Business from new and existing clients and adjacent product offerings should drive this expansion. At Corporate, the net operating loss was $19 million a year-over-year increase of $6 million. Approximately half of the increase was due to higher employee-related expenses as well as some additional technology investments. The other half was related to an adverse impact from the lower effective tax rate. For the fourth quarter, we expect the corporate loss to increase from third quarter levels, similar to historic trends. Continued investments in our artificial intelligence, the Connected Home and the Connected Car should also be drivers. As a result, we believe that Corporate operating loss will be in the range of $80 million to $85 million for the full-year as previously discussed. This includes the adverse impact of lower U.S. tax rate at roughly 20% with some investment. This will be partially offset by continued expense management. Turning to capital. We ended September with $473 million in total holding company capital or about $223 million of deployable capital. Dividends from Global Housing, Lifestyle, and Preneed totaled $139 million and this included $75 million from the TWG entities. We also received $35 million for the August 1st sale of mortgage solutions. Looking at outflows, we deployed $83 million in share buybacks and $40 million in dividends. This is comprised of $35 million for our common stock and $5 million for our preferreds. In the fourth quarter through November 2nd, we have purchased 333,000 shares for approximately $34 million. For the full-year 2018, we expect dividends from our operating segments to be greater than segment operating earnings. This is mainly due to excess dividend capacity from the reduction of our deferred tax liability and full-year dividends from TWG. Excluding this deferred tax liability and dividends from TWG, Assurant dividends are still expected to be aligned with their segment earnings, inclusive of catastrophe losses. As always, our dividend outlook is subject to customary regulatory capital requirements, rating agency considerations, and the profitable growth of the businesses. In summary, we're pleased with our performance this quarter and we remain focused on delivering on our full-year commitments, a strong financial position as well for continued profitable growth in 2019. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Kai.
Kai Pan: Thank you. Good morning, Alan. So my first question is on your homeowners business, if you look at past three years your cat losses have been -- you have three consecutive years of cat losses above your long-term average. I just wonder can you reflect on your volatility versus your expectation, your reinsurance program, and would you consider down the road separating out this business because that results have been masked with the progress you're making on the warranty business.
Alan Colberg: Yes, no Kai, so few thoughts on this. So first of all I think we feel very good about the reinsurance program we have in place, you saw last year which was a very extreme weather year that the program worked well. We were not really that affected by the company other than the losses we took and so we feel like we've done a good job of protecting our customers, our policyholders, our shareholders with the program. Over the years, we've been gradually reducing our retention so that our exposure has gone down significantly and as we've added other lines of business like The Warranty Group and with the growth in Connected Living and Mobile a much smaller portion of our earnings is cat exposed today. But certainly the last few years have been more volatile for storms than in the past and we will be revisiting our reinsureds program what's the right retention point as we go into the repurchase cycle for that in January.
Kai Pan: So do you think this is still core business for you to keep in the foreseeable future?
Alan Colberg: Yes, absolutely. If you look at Global Housing, we've gone through a few years of market declines and lender-placed which are now largely behind us. We're positioned as we've said for flat earnings in lender-placed next year excluding cat which is very positive and we've got strong growth across the balance of Global Housing. So we feel very good about that business as we look to 2019 and beyond.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. My second question on the Lifestyle margin 5.3% this quarter, this improvements from last year's results but you highlight that The Warranty Group probably dragged the margin by 1, 1.2 points and you also highlight some less favorable loss experience in Mobile and Europe, could you quantify sort of like the margin impact from those like on your core business outside The Warranty Group?
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning, Kai. It's Richard and I think you phrased it correctly. I mean -- we -- overall it's an improvement from last year 3.8%. So positive news there, but we do note, we have noted in the past that when we bring the TWG business in, the margins were a little bit lower. So that does bring it down relative to what it had been as you mentioned, it ultimately ends up being a business mix we have, and then also as we called out there was some impact from Europe and some losses but fairly, fairly small overall in the mix.
Alan Colberg: Yes, and Kai, I would add, I think over the last few years we've been very pleased with the margin growth that we've seen in Lifestyle. We did allude to in this quarter we had the normal seasonality the third quarter usually is the worst loss experience in Mobile. And in Europe what we're working through in the U.S. we control our supply chain. In Europe in Mobile we work with partners and so that's had more challenges for us and so we're working through solutions as we head into 2019 to have more control over our mobile supply chain in Europe.
Kai Pan: Okay. Is your 9.5% margin target for the segments still achievable over the next few years given now you have TWG in the mix?
Alan Colberg: Yes, we're going to have an Investor Day in March where we will refresh what the right way to think about that is. If you recall a couple of years ago, we changed the target from 8% to the 9.5% we have now as a result of the way one of our contract changes happened. So we'll revisit all of that but I think the main headline for us is we've had good growth in margins over the last few years and we're going to remain focused on growing the margins.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Nadel from UBS.
Alan Colberg: Hey good morning, John.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning.
John Nadel: Yes, good morning. Yes, now I think it would be great for you to sell your lender-placed business at the cyclical placement very low. Anyway, Alan, the new Apple program, can you go into that in a little bit more detail, it sounds like -- it sounds on the surface from your description like it's pretty incremental maybe even significant but I just want to understand that better?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So maybe we have many partnerships across the Connected Living space, one that we're proud of and is important to us is Apple that really began years ago in Brazil when we worked with them to really launch a trade-in program in that market, they were an important part of our progress and success in Japan. And off of that we were able to build enough I think great relationship, credibility that they chose to work with us as their partner in really extending and deepening AppleCare. So we've included our capabilities into AppleCare, we're now distributing it through them in their stores through apple.com. So it's going to be significant broadly the relationship we have with Apple and we continue to grow it in various markets around the world.
John Nadel: Okay, that's helpful. The second question is just lender-placed, it looks like the placement rate is slowing -- the decline in the placement rate is slowing down and I think you guys have been talking about for a while that that's stabilizing at some point here in the relatively near-term. If we think about though your 2019 outlook for earnings for that segment or for that business ex-cat, can we see earnings for lender-placed to grow if the placement rate actually does stabilize and wouldn't the driver there be the migration to the single operating platform, I think you had expected that there'd be pretty significant cost savings from that?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, good morning, John. It's Richard.
John Nadel: Hi, Richard.
Richard Dziadzio: I think you hit on a lot of good points there, I think as we said in our statements a little bit earlier, we do see the placement rate decreasing or a decrease in the decrease so to speak, so it was only three basis points over the last quarter. So we see that continuing to moderate as we go forward. We're not calling an inflection point because obviously it depends on a lot of macro events, how the housing market is doing. Having said that I think you did hit on the fact that it is decreasing that we're in the process of implementing a single source platform over the next few years, that will start coming in and start helping as we go along. So we do feel that we're turning a corner and the large part of the decreases is behind us. So we're feeling really good about the business.
John Nadel: Okay. And then last one and then I'll get back in the queue as I'm just thinking about the Corporate $250 million capital buffer, I'm wondering whether that can be reduced if I think back many years ago on the rationale for that buffer, I think you related at least in part maybe in large part to some of the pandemic type of risk that existed when you guys were still in the health and the employee benefit businesses, so am I right in that sort of recollection and any chance you can re-evaluate whether that cushion can come down?
Alan Colberg: Yes, John, I mean I think if I take a long-view we're very proud of the way we've managed the capital of the company for both our creditors and our shareholders. And as we work toward Investor Day next March, we are looking at how we think about capital, how we think about what's the appropriate buffer where we hold it and so I'll defer that question in March, but we have work underway to how best to think about that to protect our creditors and our shareholders and grow our company.
John Nadel: Okay, but that that's seems to go.
Alan Colberg: Yes.
John Nadel: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan.
Alan Colberg: Hey good morning, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. Hi so first I had a question on just your expense savings program and if you could just discuss progress on that and just the expected trajectory of expenses in next few years, how much of the cost savings you expect to fall to the bottom-line and by when?
Richard Dziadzio: I'll take it. Okay, good morning, Jimmy. Yes, so in terms of overall expenses, I mean we continue to drive hard on managing our expenses, our overall headcount et cetera. As I mentioned in the remarks, we were on track for our synergies with TWG, we took out $5 million, looking forward to at least $10 million for the end of this year, and on a run rate basis being half of the $60 million we talked about across the enterprise, we're working on things like procurement and facilities et cetera and being very careful about how we are spending and making sure that whatever we spend, we're creating value. In terms of the saves back in Investor Day, we had talked about $100 million of gross saves in last quarter we reported that we were halfway to that mark. We continue to advance. So this quarter I would just say we're a little bit above that mark and continuing to move forward and in terms of the goal that we had set there for being a $100 million at the end of 2020, we're well in track for that.
Alan Colberg: Yes, and Jimmy you can see some of the benefit of it flowing through the P&L for example our pretax margin that we're talking about earlier in Connected Living, some of that growth is coming from these expense initiatives. You can also see it in Corporate where our loss for this year, if tax adjusted is effectively the same as last year and we're a much bigger company this year. So we've been able to grow the company without adding corporate expense. So we're seeing significant benefits already coming through the P&L even as Richard said we're still in process on these.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on the acquired Warranty Group business have you've been able to look at it little bit -- take a little bit more deeper look at it. Have your views on any of the financial metrics that you gave out changed positively or negatively?
Alan Colberg: No, what I would say is I think we're very pleased with the Warranty Group the integration so far. The client feedback has been strong both our clients and their clients about the fact that we're a stronger deeper company you can help adapt and build new products for the evolving auto market. We've said the deal we expected to be modestly accretive on 2019, by the end of 2019 run rate synergies; we're still on track for that, we're still on track to meet our cost savings commitments. So I think we feel very good about it and it really has strategically strengthened us in the auto market.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly on the Preneed business, your earnings are higher than they've been I think in the last several years on a quarterly basis and part of that was just very high investment income. So just any insight into what drove that? And is this sustainable level of earnings, I understand there's seasonality in earnings typically declined in 4Q but other than seasonality, if you think that this being a sustainable level of earnings in that business?
Richard Dziadzio: Well we see some, thank you, Jimmy. We see some good momentum in the business as we said. Sales were up quarter-over-quarter. We're bringing in new clients and we're very pleased about that. The product offering is being accepted well by the marketplace. So that organic growth is helpful obviously Preneed is more of a longer-term business and those profits are spread out in the future. But in this particular quarter we had not only effects of the past, good news coming through, but we also had higher overall assets in the business and higher overall interest rates really just reflect, what's happening out there in the markets. So we do feel that there's good momentum going forward despite some seasonality that that we get sort of in the winter months.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much. Good morning, Alan. With Apple, sounds like a nice expansion of the relationship, how much more is there to go, how meaningful is your penetration with Apple versus other suppliers perhaps is this are we going to continue to see further expansion?
Alan Colberg: Well you know it's early in the U.S. relationship with Apple and we will hopefully execute that well. So far as I mentioned is performing to expectations. And our focus really is been to evolve our products and services if the market evolves, so as you've heard us talk about before we've gone from the original handset protection into things like premium tech support and on-board phone diagnostics and more recently with an extended warranty in Japan on the phone. So I think there's a lot of runway broadly in mobile with our various partners around the world.
Mark Hughes: Yes, manufactured housing and other you mentioned international dwelling, could you expand a little more on that, was the big growth number at least within that category in the quarter? Just refresh us on what you're doing there and is this kind of growth sustainable?
Richard Dziadzio: In terms of the international area in manufactured housing that's really going to be dwelling, where we have partnerships with clients and offering that insurance there. And then, more domestically we do have an increase in commercial property we have a small program there small size type premiums and starting to get a little bit of growth there is as well.
Mark Hughes: Is this sort of traction that can be sustained with this a book roll or something that might have driven growth in this quarter or this something that the relationship should help drive volume -- similar volume growth in coming quarters?
Alan Colberg: No, Mark, I think the way I think about this is we're running various pilots as we try to look for example I referenced in my remarks the sharing economy that's part of what I think close to what you're referencing and it's early but we are building new relationships, new distribution partners, and we feel like we've established our brand and we'll see how successful these programs are over time but so far we're gaining good traction.
Mark Hughes: Last question you sort of touched on this, Alan, but if I think about 2019 you definitely walk us through a lot of new programs, a lot of new initiatives emerging products. And obviously those involved investments, when we think about how all this stacked up for 2019 is that a margin expansion year, is it an investment year, how do you think about next year?
Alan Colberg: Yes, Mark, what I would say is we will provide a full outlook for 2019 as part of our Q4 earnings call in February, but we do feel very well-positioned for continued profitable growth and we look forward to a good 2019 as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Campbell with KBW.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning Chris.
Christopher Campbell: Hey, good morning. I guess just a few questions on Global Housing just to start off I guess so how much capital is freed up as the LTI placement rate declines?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, good morning Chris. There obviously is a little bit of capital freed up as it -- I would say declines but again I come back to the earlier comments that that decline is getting smaller and smaller. So we don't see big releases because that business I would say is in a good -- is getting to be in a really nice place with only three basis point decrease in placements rates this year. You can see actually in the top-line and the net earned premiums not a big move there. So we're really not looking at the release of capital from property to increase the overall I would say ROEs with the company that's going to come from the profitable growth across housing and across the capital parts of lifestyle business like Global Auto.
Christopher Campbell: Okay. And then just a question on the Global Housing guidance. So there is some, there is some qualitative statements in there Global Housing savings by year-end 2018 and into 2019. Have you've been able to realize cease through some numbers on that yet just in terms of what you're thinking as saving on the expense base there?
Richard Dziadzio: I would say this sort of again I'll come back to Alan's earlier comments about we'll do outlook and be more specific about 2019 when Q4 comes around. But as we look at Global Housing, we see that we do have an expense ratio that's elevated as the revenues have come down and we haven't yet put in all the platform. That will come in over the next year so we do see that expense ratio coming back down over the next few years, I would say more gradually than rapidly in 2019.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, thanks, that's very helpful. And then just pivoting to Global Lifestyle and thinking about the new AppleCare relationship, how should we think about premium growth and then the margin performance particularly as this relationship develops and potentially expands?
Alan Colberg: So we normally don't give any specifics on clients and the performance of the given client. What I would say about Lifestyle broadly, we've had a longstanding commitment that we can on average grow that businesses earnings by 10% per year. Now it's not 10% every year sometimes it's more, sometimes it's less. And if you go back to 2013, when we first put out that commitment, we've delivered on that and we feel well-positioned to continue to deliver on that in part because of expanding relationships like with Apple and KDDI and Comcast and others that we've talked about.
Christopher Campbell: Got it. And then just as you’re thinking about like all the cat -- going back to Global Housing for a second, if you’re thinking about like the cat, is there anything else that you can do on the reinsurance side potentially to save cost especially as you're bringing in some new products?
Richard Dziadzio: I think its Richard. As Alan mentioned earlier, we have over time I guess I would say brought down the retention rate, the market obviously is very receptive to our placing reinsurance. I mean we've worked with the reinsurance market for a long period of time; we have some good stable reinsurers in there. So I think just as the relationship we have with them, the knowledge they have with our business will helps us get very good pricing in the marketplace when we do that. But we are thinking about as we go forward, what is should our retention be, should we bring it down, what our aggregate. So there’s we've got some pretty smart people in the company that spend a lot of time thinking about exactly how we should position it and we'll give more guidance on that as we go forward.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, thanks for all the answers. Best of luck for the rest of the year.
Richard Dziadzio: Okay, thanks.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Nadel with UBS.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning again, John.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning again, thanks for the follow-up. I think Alan if I go back over the past couple of months, it seems like the tone shifted just a little bit in terms of whether you guys could participate in buying back stock directly or as part of TPG sale. I'm just wondering if there's any clarity on that given obviously you guys are in great vision to be able to do that if they decided to sell more stock?
Alan Colberg: John, what I would say about TPG is as I've said there they've been and we expect them to continue to be economically rationale as they sell their positions. We were encouraged by their first two sales that happened earlier. And as we think about the future, I'm not going to speculate on what they might do or what we might do. But I think they'll continue to be economically rationale.
John Nadel: Yes, no, I’m not asking for you to speculate on what they'll do obviously they will do whatever they do but I'm just curious whether from a legal perspective or structural perspective I guess and you guys participate to the extent that they -- that they decided that they want to sell.
Alan Colberg: Yes, legally we could. But again or let's just see how this plays out, but I think so far it’s played out well.
John Nadel: Yes, and then second question little bit more delicate, Alan, but let me phrase it this way, there's a couple -- a couple of months ago maybe there was some speculation that you guys were maybe approached by a large foreign insurance company and there was some specificity around what that company may have offered, I'm not looking for you to confirm whether an approach actually took place unless of course you want to. But what I am interested is the thought process you and the board might go through, if such an approach did take place and I'm thinking about this primarily given the longer-term growth story, you're laying out is pretty attractive global vehicle, mobile, renter's just to name a few and then all the new product expansion that you guys are investing in today. It just seems your top and bottom-line growth over the next several years, if not longer be pretty strong and I just want to understand how you and the board would balance that longer-term growth outlook against the near-term potential offer.
Alan Colberg: Yes, I appreciate that. First we never comment on market rumors I won't comment on that. We do feel very well-positioned as a company. We've driven profitable growth the last couple of years. We are well-positioned in many lines of business, continue to grow. I'm a Director we have a fiduciary duty to create value for our shareholders and if somebody did approach us with an attractive offer we obviously would take it appropriately.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Alan Colberg: Hi, Kai.
Kai Pan: Thank you for the follow-up. Yes I just one follow-up on the AppleCare. Do you have any early indication of the take up rates, how does that compare with your typical mobile offerings?
Alan Colberg: Again we normally don't go into specifics of any given client program what I would say is, it is performing as we expect.
Kai Pan: All right, I think I'll give a try. Thank you so much. Good luck.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Kai.
Operator: Our last question is coming from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Alan Colberg: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yes, good morning. Thank you. And just on the capacity retention maybe even this is more of a comment but you see some of the Florida specific carriers that have reduced their retention. It would be interesting as the investor and analyst to see kind of the tradeoff of lowering your retention and what that would mean to quarterly earnings reasonable case could probably be made that it would end up being a net positive for the value creation, let's call it the multiple that the market would be willing to pay for your stream of earnings with lower volatility a lot of big diversified companies have made the decision that that cat exposure and these volatile quarters are just not worth it. I think over the long-term, they probably are, but the -- it would be, it would be interesting to see what the tradeoff would be on that front. So just and I know that's a decision you make internally but it seems like a lot of folks have gone in that direction. Anyway so no question there just a little pontificating. Thank you.
Richard Dziadzio: No, Mark. It's Richard just to respond to your statements. I would say I think you're spot on with them. And we have as I mentioned earlier working groups working on exactly that to think of I think about it as we do have a cursor to set in terms of exactly what risk we accept, what risk we lay off and what is the stability of the earnings overall. We've brought it down our earnings are more stable. As Alan said, in an earlier question, our company is getting bigger and so the exposure we have to catch is getting smaller just by definition, particularly as multifamily grows and lifestyle grows. So we definitely are looking at all of those things and but I would say if we -- if we look year-to-date through Q3 even with Hurricane Florence we had a little bit sub 92% combined ratio, so even there that's a nice ROE for the business overall.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Alan Colberg: All right, thanks Mark. I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We're pleased with our results so far this year and we look forward to updating you on progress for our fourth quarter earnings call in February and we are going to hold an Investor Day now scheduled for March 14th in New York and more details will be coming on that in the coming months. In the meantime please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Suzanne Shepherd - VP, IR  Alan Colberg - President, CEO & Director Richard Dziadzio - EVP, CFO & Treasurer
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley John Nadel - UBS Investment Bank Jamminder Bhullar - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Christopher Campbell - KBW Gary Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, Christina, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2018 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our second quarter results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com.  We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. On May 31, we closed the acquisition of The Warranty Group, or TWG. As of June 1, net operating income and net operating income per diluted share include TWG results and the $1.2 billion of acquisition financing obtained this past March as well as related costs.  Dividends on the preferred stock are also an ongoing expense reflected in net operating income. For the period between March and closing, these financing costs were reflected only in our GAAP net income and therefore, not part of net operating income. In addition, last week, we closed the sale of our mortgage solutions business. While our second quarter 2018 results include the operating results in mortgage solutions, given the disposition, the associated assets and liabilities were held for sale with the resulting net loss of $34 million reflected in consolidated net income. Starting August 1, mortgage solutions results will no longer be included in operating results.  Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release as well as in our SEC reports. During today's call, we will also refer to other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com.  I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our performance in the second quarter. Results reflected strong organic growth in both Global Housing and Global Lifestyle. Initial contributions from The Warranty Group acquisition as well as the benefit from the lower effective U.S. tax rate.  In May, we closed the acquisition of TWG and welcomed nearly 1,500 new colleagues to Assurant. Our global planning efforts during the months leading up to the close allowed us to hit the ground running on day 1... Relying on our principal of best of the best, we are now bringing together our organizations, leveraging the deep talent, processes and technology across our combined companies. Conversations with our clients also continue and feedback remains favorable.  To capitalize on growth opportunities and emerging market trends, we've rebranded our vehicle business, now known as Global Automotive, under new leadership. We have dedicated leadership for each of our primary auto distribution channels as well as deeper expertise to drive innovation as we look to deliver new offerings to clients and consumers worldwide.  We've also integrated TWG's extended service contract business within Connected Living with the growing focus of building our capabilities around the connected home. And we've realigned our legacy credit business, now named Financial Services, to pursue emerging opportunities in the banking sector.  Globally, the acquisition meaningfully expands our business outside the U.S., increasing our total international annual revenues by 50%. We've also added infrastructure across Asia Pacific where we see some of our greatest opportunities, particularly around mobile. We have refined our view of operating synergies and are starting to realize these benefits. In addition, our business leaders are now pursuing potential revenue synergies, which provide upside to our original acquisition thesis.  Overall, we remain confident in the growth opportunities ahead with The Warranty Group and more broadly, across our lifestyle and housing businesses.  Let me share some of the highlights from the quarter. Starting with Global Lifestyle, the segment posted very strong results for the quarter. While this included some onetime benefits, they illustrate momentum across Connected Living and Global Automotive.  Our recently launched mobile programs continued to thrive from strong market success, particularly in Japan, which is the second largest postpaid mobile device market. We now protect 44 million covered mobile devices worldwide, and in Global Automotive, we are the market leader protecting nearly 47 million vehicles.  Overall, we see significant opportunity to continue to scale our businesses and introduce innovative offerings around the increasingly connective lifestyle of consumers.  Turning to Global Housing. The segment also posted solid results, driven by multifamily housing earnings and revenue growth and favorable loss experience in lender-placed.  During the quarter, we finalized our $1.3 billion reinsurance program for 2018. We now protect more than 2.9 million homeowners and renters in the U.S. and Latin America against severe weather and other hazards. This coverage represents a projected profitable maximum loss of a roughly 1 in 170-year event storm. So the likelihood of us exceeding the total coverage for 1 single event is significantly less than 1%. At the same time, we were able to lower our net loss prevent retention to $120 million as we continue to decrease the potential earnings volatility from cat losses.  As part of our June announcement, we also shared several new metrics to further illustrate the strength of our program, including a review of historical losses and examples for how the 2018 program would work under various storm scenarios. We believe our continued commitment to excellence in risk management will again serve us well as we move through hurricane season.  As exemplified by our cat program, protecting and servicing our policyholders is core to what we do each and every day. We were pleased to be recognized by 2 of our key lender-placed clients as one of their best vendors for delivering a superior customer experience. We also believe that in order to sustain this advantage, we must continue to invest, including in an ongoing enhancements to our processes and systems. Our work on our single-processing platform continues, and we expect to migrate another important client in the coming months. This new platform will generate significant cost savings and help deliver a better customer experience.  With nearly 1.9 million insured renters, our multifamily housing business continues to generate both strong revenue and earnings growth. This quarter, we rolled out additional enhancements to our renters platform, which makes it easier to engage with our property management companies and their renters. This is yet another example of how we were investing to improve our customer experience and sustain our market-leading position.  As part of our ongoing portfolio management efforts, we conducted a comprehensive strategic and financial assessment in mortgage solutions and decided to sell this business. One of the key criteria we used to evaluate our businesses is the ability to be market leaders. Despite some initial success, we did not see a long-term path to a leadership position for mortgage solutions.  Last week, we closed on the sale to Xome Holdings for $35 million in cash with potential future payments based on performance. We believe Xome will be a better owner of this business, given its focus and committed resources in the space. The sale will allow us to concentrate on our core housing business as well as deploy greater resources to build out offerings in areas, such as the rental economy and the connected home. I'd like to thank the mortgage solutions team for their dedication and hard work on behalf of our clients, and I wish them the best as part of Xome.  Turning to our financial results. We currently measure our success against 3 key metrics: net operating income, net operating income per diluted share and operating return on equity, all excluding catastrophe losses. Beginning in June, these metrics now include results for TWG and related acquisition financing.  For the first 6 months of the year, Assurant's net operating income increased by $39 million or 20% year-over-year to $236 million, driven by strong organic growth in the business, a lower effective tax rate and initial contributions from TWG.  Operating earnings per diluted share was $4.24, up 21%, largely driven by earnings growth as well as 2017 share repurchases. Annualized operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 11%, up 60 basis points since year-end.  At the end of June, holding company capital totaled $497 million after returning a total of $36 million in common and preferred dividends. In July, we resumed share repurchase activity given the stronger cash balance following the closing of the acquisition. As always, we are committed to managing our capital prudently and returning excess capital to shareholders. Turning to our full year 2018 outlook, we've updated it to reflect the acquisition of TWG and the August 1 sale of mortgage solutions. We now expect Assurant net operating earnings excluding reportable catastrophes to increase 20% to 25% from last year. This reflects contributions from TWG, included expected operating synergies, the benefit of a lower effective U.S. tax rate and modest organic growth across our company.  We also expect strong growth in net operating income per diluted share this year, however, at a slower rate than net operating income. This is mainly due to the effect of the TWG-related share issuance without a full run rate contribution of TWG income and synergies.  In summary, we're pleased with our performance so far this year. We're confident in our ability to continue to expand earnings and cash flow long term. Our attractive business portfolio, combined with a more efficient operating structure, will produce more diversified earnings. This allows us to continue to invest in the business and return excess capital to shareholders over the long term.  I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review our second quarter 2018 results and updated segment outlook in greater detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Let's start with Global Housing where net operating income for the second quarter totaled $73 million, a $16 million increase from the prior year period. The lower effective tax rate accounted for $11 million of the increase, as only a small amount of the tax savings was reinvested into the business in the quarter. The balance of the increase was due to more favorable noncatastrophe loss experience in lender-placed insurance and growth in multifamily housing. This was partially offset by ongoing declines in lender-placed, reflecting the strength of the housing market.  Looking at our key metrics, the risk-based combined ratio for our lender-placed and manufactured housing businesses improved to 85.7% from 87% in the prior year period. This was mainly due to more favorable noncat loss experience compared to a very active hail and wind season last year. Results also benefited from lower expenses.  The pretax margin for the fee-based, capital-light offerings increased to 14.3% from 11.7% in the second quarter of last year, largely reflecting strong growth in multifamily housing as well as expense reductions. Moving to revenue, total Global Housing net earned premiums and fees were down slightly in the second quarter. Given the strength of the overall market, we continued to see reductions in real estate on volumes and lower placement rates in lender-placed. Fee income was impacted by lower client demand in mortgage solutions, primarily in field services and valuations.  The placement rate, so lender-placed dropped 21 basis points year-over-year or 4 basis points from the first quarter, in line with our expectations. This reduction reflects the overall strength of the housing market and a higher mix of low-placement loans. We continue to expect ongoing declines in the placement rate for the balance of 2018, eventually beginning to moderate as we exit the year. Multifamily housing continued to grow, mainly from affinity partners and expansion of our international and other housing products. As noted earlier, while second quarter operating results for Global Housing still includes mortgage solutions, the associated assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale as of June 30, given the plan to sell the business. This resulted in an impairment loss of $34 million, reflected in our consolidated net income. The impact of the final purchase price and any other adjustments as part of the loss on sale of the subsidiary will be recorded in our third quarter financials.  Moving to Global Lifestyle, the segment reported earnings of $68 million for the second quarter compared to $40 million in the prior year period. This included a $5 million benefit from a lower effective tax rate following the passage of U.S. tax reform. In addition, TWG contributed $9.4 million after tax, inclusive of $1 million of realized operating synergies and $1 million of intangible amortization for the month of June. Excluding tax reform and the acquisition, results benefited from the ramp-up of the mobile programs launched last year as well as favorable loss experience in Global Automotive. We also recorded nearly $6 million of onetime contributions in the quarter, which we do not expect to recur. This encompasses $4 million related to a onetime tax benefit and $2 million from the Global Automotive business. Continued declines in Financial Services partially offset that increase.  Turning to revenue. Net earned premiums and fees were up 32% or $266 million in the quarter. TWG accounted for $203 million of this increase. Looking more closely at the TWG contribution by line of business, approximately 70% of revenues is included in Global Automotive with 28% in Connected Living and the remainder in Financial Services.  Organic growth was driven by new mobile programs, including an increase in subscribers and continued growth in vehicle protection offerings. This was partially offset by lower average selling prices for mobile trade-in activity.  Looking at the segment's profitability metrics, the combined ratio for the risk-based businesses improved slightly to 96.6%. Excluding the acquisition, the ratio was unchanged. The pretax margin for fee-based, capital-light businesses was 7.1% in the second quarter or 7.6% excluding TWG. This compares to 6.4% in the prior year period. Overall, the improvement was driven by mobile programs starting 2017 in both Asia and the U.S. The Connected Living margin reflected the legacy TWG mix of business, mainly more sensitive -- more service contracts offerings. We would expect this to lower our reported Connected Living margin in the next few quarters. Overall, we're very pleased by Lifestyle's results for the first half of the year, which exceeded our expectations.  Next, let's move to Global Preneed. The segment recorded $15 million in net operating income for the quarter, up $2 million year-over-year. This was exclusively due to lower tax rate. Only a modest amount of tax savings was reinvested back into the business in the quarter.  Revenue in Preneed for the quarter was flat, both in the U.S., including prior period sales and the Final Need product, was offset by lower production in Canada compared to a favorable second quarter 2017. We are encouraged, however, by 8% growth in face sales after several periods of decline.  At Corporate, the net operating loss was $17 million, a year-over-year increase of $7 million. This was due to higher employee-related expenses and additional technology investments as well as a $2 million adverse impact from the lower effective tax rate.  Turning to capital, we ended June with $497 million in holding company capital or about $247 million of deployable capital after adjusting for our risk buffer. Dividends from the business totaled $296 million, which included $284 million of dividends from Global Housing, Lifestyle and Preneed. The $86 million from the reduction in deferred tax liabilities following tax reform was a key driver. In addition, $12 million of residual capital supporting our former benefits in health businesses contributed to the total. Overall, dividends as a percent of segment earnings year-to-date were at a higher level relative to our typical seasonal pattern as we prepared for the TWG closing in the quarter.  Looking at outflows, we paid $36 million in shareholder dividends, $31 million for common stock and $5 million for our preferred stock. For the full year 2018, we expect dividends from our operating segments to be greater than segment operating earnings. This is mainly due to excess dividend capacity following the reduction in our deferred tax liability and dividends from TWG equal to their 12-month earnings. In other words, legacy Assurant dividends are still expected to equal segment earnings. As always, our dividend outlook is subject to customary rating agency and regulatory capital requirements as well as profitable growth in the businesses. And we resumed our share repurchase program in July. This reflected our view of the stock as well as the higher level of deployable capital at the holding company following the acquisition close. Through August 3, we have bought back 319,000 shares for approximately $34 million. We believe our capital position will provide ongoing flexibility to invest in our businesses, support The Warranty Group integration and return capital to shareholders in 2018 and beyond.  As Alan previewed, we also update our full year outlook for our segments to take into account TWG. Overall, we expect net operating income excluding catastrophe losses to increase 20% to 25% from $413 million in 2017. The lower effective tax rate of roughly 22% to 24% will be a key driver of that with roughly 1/3 of savings being reinvested back into the business. We've already committed the majority of the spend in the second half of 2018 to our technology and capability enhancements, originally planned for next year.  Another important driver of that earnings increase will be the contributions from TWG, along with organic growth in the business. More specifically, for the full year, Global Housing's earnings, excluding catastrophe losses, should increase, reflecting a lower effective tax rate. Excluding the tax impact, underlying earnings should decline year-over-year, primarily as a result to the ongoing normalization of lender-placed. This will be partially offset by the expansion of our affinity and property management relationships as well as increased penetration rates in our multifamily housing business.  As a reminder, late last year, we benefited from unusually low noncat loss experience and additional income from processing a significant value of club claims related to Hurricane Harvey. We are not expecting either of this to reoccur in the second half of 2018.  Earnings growth in Global Lifestyle will reflect the combination of organic growth and the TWG acquisition, along with the benefit of lower effective U.S. tax rate. Organic growth will be driven by mobile and auto, partially offset by declines in Financial Services, mainly from runoff and discontinued partnerships as we move into the third quarter. Foreign exchange could also be a factor.  Looking at Connected Living. Mobile increases will be driven by programs implemented in 2017 and continued expansion from our offerings with existing clients. But as we have mentioned before, mobile trade-in activity may fluctuate, depending on the success of new phone introductions, availability of those phones and mobile carrier promotional activity. We expect continued growth in our Global Automotive business as strong sales from prior periods continued to earn, along with the contributions from TWG. This also includes synergies realized as we combine our operations and streamline our infrastructure. Based on our current plans, we expect to realize approximately $13 million pretax or $10 million after-tax in synergies this year.  On a run-rate basis, this represents roughly half of our commitment to realize $60 million of pretax operating synergies by the end of 2019. We anticipate the majority of those synergies will be reflected in Lifestyle's results with some flowing through Corporate as we align our shared service functions.  At Global Preneed, we anticipate earnings will continue to increase modestly before the impact of tax, driven by the expansion of new and existing clients and adjacent product offerings.  And finally, Corporate nonoperating loss is now expected to be between $80 million and $85 million. This reflects the adverse impact of a lower tax rate at roughly 20% and some level of reinvestments, along with the additional net expenses associated with TWG. This will be partially offset by continued expense management.  In addition, we expect our annual interest expense to increase to roughly $65 million after-tax for 2018, including the debt incurred to finance the TWG acquisition. Net operating income will also include around $11 million after-tax for the payment of our preferred dividends.  Before moving into Q&A, I want to highlight certain key initial purchase accounting items related to TWG. As of June 30, we recorded $1.5 billion in goodwill and approximately $450 million in other intangible assets. These other intangible assets will be amortized over periods of up to 15 years based on the economic benefit achieved and, therefore, will not be linear. For 2018, we expect the pretax net impact of the purchase accounting adjustments in Global Lifestyle to be around $7 million, of which $1 million was expensed in June. Based on current estimates, we expect that amount to increase in 2019 to $18 million pretax for the full year and $27 million in 2020 as the business previously written begins to earn. This will eventually reach $30 million to $35 million pretax by year five.  In summary, we're very pleased with our performance and remain focused on delivering on our commitments for the full year.  And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: My first question on the TWG acquisition. Can you tell us a little bit more about the early indication, now you own it for two months now? How about the integration? And also can you quantify the accretion from this deal because you give some numbers like $9.4 million for one month. Is that good run rate for the rest of the year?
Alan Colberg: Thanks for the question, and welcome to our earnings call as well. Let me start and then, Richard, you should feel free to add to it. We're now two months post-closing, and we're really 9 months post-planning for the deal after we announced that we were fortunate in some ways to have a 7-month period. And so we had a really good line of sight developed to the hard cost operating synergies, and we feel like that's going very well. Two months in, we -- our run rate, about halfway to our $60 million pretax public commitment. And now that we own the company, we are beginning to aggressively go after revenue synergies, leveraging their infrastructure in certain markets that bring our products into those markets and similarly the other way around. We also have a significant opportunity in front of us in claims cost where, with our combined scale, we're now having 47 million vehicles that we manage globally. Both the revenue and the claims costs were not in our deal model. In terms of the accretion, what we've said is, when we announced the deal, it would be modestly accretive. We're certainly still on track for that, and at the right point in time, once we have the run rate synergies, we'll come back to that. But we feel good about the progress, but Richard, what would you add?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, thank you, Alan. Kai, I just mentioned that, yes, as Alan said, the $9.4 million. I would also point out 2 items we highlighted in our conversation in a minute ago. One, it includes $1 million of synergies. We expect it to ramp up to $10 million going through the P&L for the end of the year. And then secondly, on the P GAAP adjustment, $1 million ran through that. In June, we would expect $7 million throughout the rest of the year. So those 2 small adjustments to factor into your analysis.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. My second question on full year guidance. The midpoint of it is about $500 million for the full year. In the first half, you already achieved like $230 million. So when you imply the second half, you probably need $270 million net operating earnings, and that's including the TWG contribution. My estimate each month is sort of around $9 million, so that will be sort of more than $50 million or $60 million, which imply the underlying business -- other business right now. Second half earnings will be less than the first half. Could you sort of explain that a little bit, maybe if the investing in your -- like tax benefits?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. So a couple of things going on. First of all, as you think about the TWG contributions, you also need to add in the interest expense and the preferred dividends. But to go back to the start of your question, and we feel very good about the first half of the year and we don't see any change in our full year outlook for legacy Assurant, which is the guidance we'd originally given. The biggest factor in the second half of the year that will be a negative relative to the first half is spending some of those tax reform savings. We spent a little bit in the first half of the year. We're going to spend the balance of it in the second half of the year, and that's the majority of it. And those are really pulling forward critical technology and capability investments that help us really differentiate and innovate product offerings. But no change in how we feel about the underlying business, and we feel very good about the early days of integrating TWG.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. One last one, if I may, on the potential impact from tariffs. So your contracts are mostly written, but would not be earned in like 2 or 3 years down the road. How do you factor that in like a potential rising cost for the component, for example, for mobiles or for the autos?
Alan Colberg: Yes, so you raised a good point. So most of our current revenue and earnings are coming from contracts that were written previously. So if I think about rising tariffs, it could impact new sales, for example, in mobile, but that would probably drive up the value of used phones. And so when I look at mobile, we don't think it as a material impact when you'd look at the [indiscernible] going on. And then in auto, what tends to happen if new car sales get affected, used car sales go up and we play equally on new and used cars. So as we've looked at it, we don't see a material impact on our business. Obviously, if cost go up over time, we can also factor that into our pricing relatively quickly in the service contract business.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's more on the revenue side impact. I'm more thinking about on the cost or the margin of the business. Are you pricing in potential rising cost of the components or materials?
Alan Colberg: Yes, what I would say, Kai, is it's not going to -- we don't think it will have a material effect on earnings. Some things may go up, but we also benefit from rising cost on things like our used phone disposition business. And if we did have rising cost, we're able to adjust service contract pricing much more quickly than traditional insurance products. So again, we look at it not a material risk to our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from UBS.
John Nadel: I guess first question is when I'm looking at the covered device growth, it's really strong, and I know you guys added KDDI pretty recently, and so that's got to be affecting the growth rate. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about new client activity and the impact on covered devices versus organic growth on more of a same-store basis. What are you seeing there?
Alan Colberg: So I think, and generally, in Connected Living and mobile, we see growth on multiple fronts. So we have good organic growth in our legacy clients as we've added additional services, as the -- as we've talked about in previous calls, gradually, we're seeing rising attachment rates on the core underlying product given the rising cost of phones. Also, TWG did have some mobile business so that's now in the count. And then the new contracts, we -- or new clients we started to serve last year, KDDI and Comcast, that we've mentioned publicly, are performing at or above expectations and going well.
John Nadel: Okay. And what was -- how many covered devices did TWG had? It wasn't that meaningful, was it?
Alan Colberg: About 5 million.
John Nadel: Okay. I didn't realize it was that high. And then I guess secondly, Richard, how much in incremental dividends from the operating units are available to the parent company for the remainder of this year, if we think about relative to that full year earnings?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, John, well, I think the way to look at it is when we gave the indication for the full year in terms of -- or what we've brought up to date, I would say, $296 million, about $86 million of that was linked to the DTL. Another $12 million, we brought up as well. So if you take that back, it gives you about $200 million that we brought up from the operating entities. And basically what we're saying is, we think we're -- we should be in a good position to bring up the operating earnings for the full year for those entities. So if you look at our guidance with the 20% to 25% increase and take out what we've brought up to date, we should be in that kind of zone. Same thing with TWG in terms of what we're expecting from their operating earnings, we should be able to bring those up as well.
John Nadel: Okay, okay. And so the -- so bringing the buyback back earlier, clearly earlier than expected, this isn't just a short-term thing. You've -- you're at the point where you think buyback activity can probably continue through this year.
Alan Colberg: John, as you've heard us say, we are committed to appropriately and prudently managing our capital, and that return -- includes a commitment to return excess capital to shareholders. The fact that we started buyback tells you how we feel about our capital position.
John Nadel: Yes. And last question is just, what was total intangible amortization for the company in the second quarter?
Richard Dziadzio: Total intangible, we'll have that in the Q. I don't have that right with me at the moment because that would include all the intangibles of previous acquisitions and so forth that are running through.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: So I had first a question just on rates and rates, and I think you had mentioned previously that you expect them to decline. I think you said 4 to 5 basis points or something in that neighborhood, but I think you're expecting them to stabilize next year. So clearly, they can't go to 0, but what gives you confidence that they will stabilize next year? And how are you sort of quantifying the 4 to 5 basis points and sort of any reasons on why you feel comfortable that they are not going to continue to drift lower as you go through this year, especially if the housing market remains strong.
Alan Colberg: Yes, Jimmy, I appreciate the question. So our placement rate is really driven by two things. One is the traditional bake in for closure, seriously the link went home, and that's the piece that is countercyclical at the housing market. But equally, we have a large part of our placement that is voluntary where the homeowners choosing to take our product, maybe it's the best available offer, maybe the only available offer. And that piece of our business has actually been growing. One of the benefits of our much more competitive rates over the last 4 or 5 years is we are more competitive. It's just an alternative for the consumer. So the gradual decline in placement rates is really driven by the housing cycle of it. Importantly though, as we go into 2019, we are managing that business and with the expense actions we've been taking that we believe that business can stabilize and have flat earnings roughly next year no matter what happens if the placement rate continues to gradually decline. So we're feeling good, and importantly, that business is countercyclical and we'll grow significantly if we have any issues in the housing market.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then on buybacks, I realize you're not going to give any specifics on what you intend to do, but I think you might -- part of the reason you bought back stock earlier than almost -- than most people had assumed is because you didn't end up paying -- making a payment on the caller on the deal as you might have thought that -- or you might have thought that, that was possible. Is that a fair assessment? I think -- and if that is the case, then would we assume that buybacks for this year would be limited to what you would have said from not being -- making a payment on the caller? Or could they be higher than what you would have assumed -- would have been the potential payment?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I'll take that. Thanks for the question, Jimmy. I would say you're right in the first part of your question, which is yes. When we were looking at the final purchase price and the reference rate in terms of the purchase and the stock we were going to issue to TPG, we took into account sort of a conservative left view on that. So the caller did help us when we -- the stock price came up very nicely at close. So that's one factor that came to us saying we can go back and start buying back again. I would say, overall, though, we just found ourselves in a very strong financial position, and so it was one of the elements. It wasn't the total element in our decision to go and start buying back. Go -- as Alan said a few moments ago, just it's hard to then extrapolate for the rest of the year as we go through and look at our performance and get through cat season, we'll go and reassess that and then come back next quarter and update you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Hughes from SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Could you update us on your latest thoughts on the potential cost savings from the -- I think the platform rollout in lender-placed? I think in times past, you've given kind of a specific target as to what that could mean. Could you update us on your latest thinking?
Alan Colberg: Yes, Mark, maybe I'll will start with expenses just more broadly. As you recall, we put out a target of $100 million of kind of G&A expense savings gross by 2020. That does not include lender-placed, the project encore. And at this point, we've realized we owe our investors an update on that, but we're about halfway through realizing the $100 million. And you're starting to see that flow through the P&L. If you look at how our margins have grown in Connected Living, in the fee businesses, the housing, a lot of that growth is coming from the various expense initiatives that had been underway. So we recognize we owe full accounting of that in the future, but we feel good about the progress. Specifically, the lender-placed, which is separate from what I just said, we put out a long-term expense target. We're a little bit above that right now as we're investing in that single platform. But as that continues to roll out over the next year, 1.5 years, we expect we will trend back down. And towards that 42% to 44%, I think it's the long-term expense target we put out for lender-placed.
Mark Hughes: Very good. Any sense you can share of the trade-in market now? I think some of that influenced by new phone shipments. Does that -- is that market showing a little more life? Or is that still kind of a flat more broadly?
Alan Colberg: Yes, the macro trend is increasing whole time by consumers of phones. That's been the fact over the last couple of years. Volumes are a little bit better in 2018 than they were in 2017, but it's still a fairly flattish type market. And if you look at new phone shipments, they're up a little, not dramatically. So as we plan for the year, we kind of expect the rest of this year unless there's significant new product introductions. Mobile device volumes will gradually improve, but not like we saw a few years ago.
Mark Hughes: And finally, I think you touched on this a little earlier, but I did not pick up the specifics. You had mentioned the upside to your thesis in terms of synergies, and I assume you're trying to both -- maybe both revenue and expenses or at least perhaps revenue relative to the TWG acquisition. What was that, that you highlighted?
Alan Colberg: Yes, so a couple of things. So we have the public commitment of $60 million pretax operating synergy run rate by the end of 2019. Think of that as hard cost savings. And what we've said now is we have good line of sight to that, and we're already halfway there on a run-rate basis, two months in. So we feel good about that. The other two I mentioned, were revenue synergies where TWG, for example, have infrastructure in a company -- in a country, but doesn't necessarily have access to clients. We have the client relationships, but don't have that particular capability. We have a long list of specific opportunities that are in development with clients right now. Now most of those won't hit 2018. Those will be things that could begin to benefit 2019 and 2020, but they're not in the deal model. We assumed 0 in the deal model. The other one I mentioned, is just claims cost around autos. If you think about controlling now 47 million vehicle contracts globally and growing, we are one of the largest single distributors of repairs in the market. And how do we then leverage our scale, contracts, get better pricing? That's a significant upside over time for us as well. Again, the deal model assumes 0 for that.
Mark Hughes: Any early estimates on that?
Alan Colberg: No, we have to work through contracts. It will take time. It won't affect 2018, but it's a significant upside in 2019 and beyond. Once we have confidence, we'll obviously share that with our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Campbell from KBW.
Christopher Campbell: I guess first question on Global Housing results are really strong. Any thoughts on why the LPI book wasn't as impacted as noncat -- by noncat weather as some of your competitors?
Richard Dziadzio: Chris, it's Richard. I think it's really a question of the footprint we have versus where the storms happened, and we show in our supplements the distribution of our footprint in the lender-placed area. So if you look at that, you'll see kind of we've -- during the first part of the year, we just weren't in those spots.
Christopher Campbell: Okay, great. And then I'm just -- a question on mortgage solutions. How should we think about the capital-light fee-based margins on that going forward? And then any thoughts on -- I mean, was -- I mean, I'm assuming mortgage solutions margins were less. Was is money-losing? Or can you give us any color there?
Alan Colberg: So a couple of thoughts. First of all, mortgage solutions was not material to our company, but it became -- as we realized there wasn't a good path to market leadership, it became more of a distraction for our team and for the housing team. We have a lot of promising opportunities that I'd rather have us invest resources on, and so that was really behind the decision that there's a better owner who will do a better job with that than we could. But the way to think about it, not material to our company, not material to our outlook for this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Ransom from Dowling & Partners.
Gary Ransom: I had more of a macro question on the automotive services business and just what the -- you talked a little bit about the opportunity you have to grow, but I was wondering about the broader market itself. What is going on there in terms of penetration of the market, the number of consumers buying products? Is there a broader trend that's in a sense helping all the competitors?
Alan Colberg: I think one of the things that we're exciting to us about The Warranty Group deal are some of the longer macro trends in automotive that create real opportunity for future growth. One example is electric, and obviously it's early days still for the adoption of electric cars. But if you think about an electric car from a consumer point of view, there's less that can go wrong, but when it goes wrong, it's really expensive. Our hypothesis to be proven is that, that will drive up attachment over time of service contracts. That's a significant opportunity. And one of the reasons why we're really intrigued by The Warranty Group, they're doing this heavily end markets like China that are ahead of the U.S. in kind of electric car technology today. Another major trend is autonomous vehicles and ridesharing, and again, that creates real opportunities. Cars may be owned differently, and that could change. But every time there's an owner, there's an opportunity when that car sells to attach a service contract. So in the short term, we haven't seen a lot of changes in attachment rate across the vehicle business. But longer term, we feel extremely well positioned compared to competitors to respond to some of these real long-term changes in the way cars are going to be owned and operated.
Gary Ransom: So you're basically saying that you think there's a good chance attachment rates could rise as cars shift ownership, shift type, shift toward electric and that kind of thing.
Alan Colberg: It's our hypothesis, and we're well set up to be beneficiary if that actually plays out that way.
Gary Ransom: All right. I'll take it as a hypothesis. And can I shift over the mobile, same kind of question. It sounds like you were talking about things slowing down a little bit in mobile, and I wondered if you have -- is that -- you need to do something else to build growth in that market. Or are there other opportunities where you can expand what you're doing there?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So Gary, let me make sure I didn't cause any confusion. No, things are not slowing down in mobile. You saw in the quarter, we added not just the new contracts from The Warranty Group, but we had significant growth in mobile. The part that's been relatively flattish the last few years are device trade-in volumes. We haven't had in the last 2, third and fourth quarters, the big seasonal spike up that we used to have. But with that said, volumes are gradually rising just because the market is gradually growing. And opportunities growth is consumers hold the phone longer. With what we've done in some of the markets, we're now doing effectively extended warranties on phones, which go beyond the underlying manufacturer warranty. That's what we've always done in autos. Never been done in phones before at least by us, and it's creating a new growth opportunity for us in mobile. So no, we don't see anything that would cause us to say mobile's slowing down. There's a lot of opportunities, and our growth remains strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from UBS.
John Nadel: I want to circle back a little bit on expenses and spending. And just -- I understand in the first half of the year as it relates to sort of the reinvestment of some of the tax savings, there was very little. And can you just give us an expectation in terms of actual dollar amount of spend that you expect in the third and fourth quarter that's sort of specifically related to investing some of those savings to pull forward some projects?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, John. It's Richard. Essentially, what we've said to the market is -- and this was sort of last year, still holds true, is that we would be reinvesting approximately 1/3 of the tax savings we benefited from the change in tax reform. And think about that as ramping up in the first half of the year as we identified projects started to invest, and what we're really saying is that 1/3 will flow through over the next couple of quarters and will be in place through the end of the year. Q2 had only about Q2 had about $1 million or so in it, so very small portion of the overall.
John Nadel: Yes, I guess the question to be more specific is, do you expect the 1/3 of the full year tax savings to be coming through the numbers in the back half of the year? Or 1/3 of just the year-over-year second half?
Richard Dziadzio: No, exactly the first point, it's 1/3 of the total amount that will come through in the second half of the year.
Alan Colberg: And you can...
John Nadel: Okay, so that's a big ramp. Okay.
Alan Colberg: Got it? You can look at it and then do the math, but it's in the order of magnitude of $20-or-so million pretax.
John Nadel: Got it, that's helpful. And then I also just wanted to talk real quick on the synergies from TWG. There was a modest amount obviously in the second quarter, $1 million I think you guys mentioned. But you did say, I think, that after two months, so here in the third quarter, that you're run rating at about half of those saves. So I guess my math is implying that $7 million or $8 million of saves at this point on a quarterly basis. Is that about right? Do you expect that to grow significantly from here at least in the calendar 2018?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Yes, essentially, what we've said is, we're ramping up the synergies given that we just closed at the end of May. Those synergies will be coming through the P&L through the course of the year. So we have -- we've captured about $1 million in the June period. Through the end of the year, not Q3, but through the end of the year, about $10 million will come through our P&L.
Alan Colberg: After tax.
Richard Dziadzio: After tax. Now if you think about that for $10 million to come through, we'll have put in place a run rate much more than that. So what we're saying there is that will be equivalent to really half or about $30 million, which would come through if we stop right there the next -- the rest of the year. Obviously, we'll just keep going and capture more synergies running up to the $60 million target.
John Nadel: Got it. Understood. Okay. So the real big ramp is really more in the second half of '19 when we get to see the -- really the full effect equivalent of those saves?
Alan Colberg: Yes. No, that's the right way to think about it, John. So $10 million after tax hitting this year's P&L. If we stop, as Richard said, and we didn't do anything else ever again, we're now at a run rate of $30 million pretax. That's what will show up in '19 if we didn't do anything else. Obviously, we're going to do a lot more, and we'll -- we are committed to our $60 million pretax target, but significant positive into 2019 P&L.
Operator: Our last question is coming from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: I have two. One is on -- can you talk a little bit about your e-commerce partnership in term of the growth rates, the take-up rates as well as the margin of the business? You can compare and contrast with the big-box retailers.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So without talking about specific clients, which we generally don't do, our experience over the years has been a almost complete rotation from traditional big-box retailing, which had relatively high attachment rates to now almost everything is digital, whether it's with e-commerce partners or even the traditional legacy retailers, a lot of that has become digital. Attachment rates started lower in the digital world. We've been, over the years, getting much better at doing attachment on digital, and they're not yet at the same level as the historic big-box was, but it's a lot closer. And it is more profitable business in the sense of you don't have the same intermediaries that are involved. We have more -- it's a better consumer experience because we have more direct control over the consumer experience. So it's a trend that we've been investing against for years, and it made a lot of progress on.
Kai Pan: Roughly, what percentage of that is now in your exchange warranty business?
Alan Colberg: Hard to answer that quickly because our embedded contracts, many of them last for years from the prior business. But most of our new sales, they're digital contracts.
Kai Pan: Okay. That's great. My last one is on the follow-up on the buybacks. And will you be able to participate in the -- after the lockup expiration in August and November?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So regarding TPG, we obviously don't have any insight into what their plans are. We do know they're economically rational and they're going to be motivated if they decide to sell, which they may or may not. They'll be economically rational. We're exploring options where we could help meaningfully manage that if they decided to sell, but we have nothing at this point that we can say on it.  All right. Well, thank you everyone for participating in today's call. We're pleased with our results so far this year, and we look forward to updating you on our progress on our third quarter earnings call in November. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Suzanne Shepherd - VP, IR Alan Colberg - President & CEO Richard Dziadzio - EVP & CFO
Analysts: John Nadel - UBS Mark Hughes - SunTrust Jamminder Bhullar - JPMorgan Gary Ransom - Dowling & Partners
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, Christina, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2018 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the first quarter of 2018. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard, before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings news release as well as in our SEC reports. During the first quarter, we completed the financing related to our acquisition of The Warranty Group or TWG. This included a $1.3 billion debt issuance, of which $350 million replaced debt that matured during the quarter, and a $288 million mandatory convertible preferred stock issuance. The acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter, subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. As such, our first quarter 2018 results and full year 2018 outlook do not include any contributions from The Warranty Group nor the impact of the $1.2 billion of acquisition-related financing. Prior to closing, net operating income and net operating income per diluted share will exclude the interest expense and dilutive impact of the mandatory convertible preferred stock issued in connection with the acquisition financing. These amounts, however, will be reflected in our GAAP results. Once the transaction closes, we will include the related interest expense and dilutive impact of the shares in operating results using the if-converted accounting methodology. During today's call, we will also refer to other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Suzanne. Good morning, everyone. Overall, we are pleased with our first quarter performance. Results were in line with our expectations. A lower effective tax rate, following the enactment of U.S. tax reform, was the primary driver of the earnings increase as well as modest underlying business growth. This growth was partially offset by increased corporate expenses and higher catastrophe losses. We also continue to make good progress preparing for the closing of The Warranty Group acquisition. This included submitting the required filings and raising the necessary funds to support the acquisition. Integration planning efforts continue and position us well post-closing. Our teams have developed detailed road maps to successfully bring together our business operations within Global Lifestyle, leveraging our combined talent and product offerings worldwide. So far, we have received several regulatory approvals and still expect to close the transaction in the second quarter, subject to the remaining regulatory and customary closing approvals. Overall, we remain bullish on the growth opportunities ahead with The Warranty Group and also, more broadly, across our key lifestyle and housing businesses. Let me now share some highlights from the quarter. Starting with Global Housing, our focus remains on sustaining our leadership position within lender-placed insurance. This quarter, we migrated our first significant client to our single processing platform. As this work continues, we expect to drive net savings later this year, with more expected in 2019 and beyond. This will help us maintain strong returns within lender-placed and deliver an even better customer experience. With over 1.8 million insured renters, our multi-family housing business continues to generate strong revenue and earnings growth. This quarter, we extended our resident bond offering to include commercial property owners, management companies and their tenants. Now both residential and commercial property managers can offer a surety bond payment as an alternative to a security deposit. This increases protection, while also reducing the tenant's upfront move-in cost. As we look to further expand our presence in the rental economy, we recently launched a partnership with ApartmentJet to provide multi-family housing owners an insurance solution that covers both nightly and extended-stay guests. While we were pleased with the performance and growth momentum within multi-family housing, mortgage solutions results remained disappointing. Ongoing weak client demand and soft market conditions, especially in new loan originations and field services, continue to pressure results in the first quarter. We expect this environment will remain challenging for the rest of the year. While mortgage solution is not a significant portion of the segment's results, we are continuing to aggressively take actions to improve performance. This includes continuing to manage expenses, while actively pursuing new business opportunities. Turning to Global Lifestyle; we continue to expand our mobile business, now protecting 38 million devices worldwide. The significant portion of that increase is coming from our continued success with KDDI, the second-largest carrier in Japan. Since year-end, enrollments in that program nearly doubled. We expect to continue to strengthen our mobile business in the region building on our recent accomplishments in Japan, South Korea and Australia, and also leveraging The Warranty Group's existing footprint in Asia. While first quarter results in the vehicle business were lower, we saw sustained double-digit revenue growth from strong prior period sales from third-party administrators, recreational vehicle distributors and our partnerships with leading OEMs. We now protect 15 million vehicles. Along with The Warranty Group, we believe we can further extend our leadership position and capitalize on emerging growth trends overtime. We also continue to make select investments in the Connected Living market. During the quarter, this included strengthening our connected home capabilities through an investment in a company which specializes in home installation and technical support services. We also made a modest investment in an Asia Pacific trade-in and device disposition provider as we reinforced our presence in that region. Overall, we believe our efforts to maintain growth momentum and to drive margin improvement across our portfolio positions us well to deliver profitable growth in 2018. Turning to our financial results; we currently measure our success against three key metrics: net operating income, net operating income per diluted share and operating return on equity, all excluding catastrophe losses. These metrics exclude the impact of our pending acquisition of TWG and our recently completed acquisition financing. For the first quarter, Assurant's net operating income increased by 8% to $115 million compared to the first quarter of last year. This was driven by a lower effective tax rate and modest underlying growth in the business, offset mainly by higher corporate expenses. Operating earnings per diluted share was $2.14, up 14% year-over-year, reflecting both growth in earnings and 2017 share repurchases. Annualized operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 11.2%, up 40 basis points since year-end. For full year 2018, we continue to expect Assurant's standalone net operating earnings, excluding reportable catastrophes, to increase 10% to 14% from 2017 reported results of $413 million. This reflects a lower effective tax rate and modest underlying segment earnings growth. Expansion within our Connected Living, multi-family housing and vehicle protection businesses are expected to offset ongoing declines in lender-placed and credit insurance. As we previously communicated, we'll be redeploying a portion of the tax savings to support growth long term, with investments accelerating later this year. As always, we will continue to focus on actively reducing expenses to expand margins over time. For 2018, we also continue to expect net operating income per diluted share to grow in excess of net operating income, benefiting from 2017 share repurchase activity. This outlook does not include any impact from The Warranty Group acquisition or the related financing. We will update our outlook for the year to include TWG, sometime in the third quarter. In regard to our longer-term financial metrics and targets, we plan to refresh those to reflect the enhanced financial profile of our combined operations at a later date. We are confident in our ability to continue to grow earnings and cash flow long term. Our attractive business portfolio, combined with a more efficient operating structure, will produce more diversified earnings. This allows us to continue to invest in the business and return excess capital to shareholders over the long term. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review our first quarter 2018 results in greater detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Let's start with Global Housing. Net operating income for the first quarter totaled $71 million, a $9 million increase from the prior year period. The lower effective tax rate of 21% drove $14 million of additional income. Results also reflected $8 million of higher reportable catastrophes, mainly related to the severe winter storms in the Northeast. Excluding both the reportable catastrophes and the impact of tax reform, underlying earnings increased slightly. Higher contributions from international housing products, growth in multi-family housing and modest income from processing the residual flood claims from Hurricane Harvey were the key drivers. The increase was partially offset by ongoing lender-placed normalization. Looking at our key metrics, the risk-based combined ratio for our lender-placed and manufactured housing businesses increased to 85.3% from 82.9% in the prior year period. This was mainly due to higher reportable catastrophes noted earlier. Excluding cats, the risk-based combined ratio was roughly flat. The pretax margin for the fee-based, capital-light offerings increased to 11.4% from 8.8% in the first quarter of last year, largely reflecting strong growth in multi-family housing. Moving to revenue, total Global Housing net earned premium and fee income decreased 2% in the first quarter. Lower placement rates and reductions in real estate owned volumes in lender-placed drove the decline. Fee income was impacted by a decrease in mortgage solutions, as Alan mentioned earlier. The placement rate dropped 22 basis points year-over-year or 4 basis points from the fourth quarter, in line with our expectations. This reduction reflects the overall improvement in the housing market and the higher mix of low placement loans. For the rest of the year, we expect ongoing declines in the placement rate, averaging 4 to 5 basis points per quarter, assuming continued growth in the housing market. The overall revenue decrease was partially offset by continued growth, mainly from affinity partners in multi-family housing. For 2018, we continue to expect Global Housing's earnings, excluding catastrophe losses, to increase, reflecting a lower effective tax rate of approximately 20% to 21%. A portion of tax savings is expected to be reinvested into the segment for future growth later this year. Excluding the tax impact, underlying earnings should be lower as a result of the ongoing normalization of lender-placed and mortgage solution declines. Continued profitable growth in multi-family housing, driven by the expansion of our affinity and property management relationships, as well as increased product penetration, will help to mitigate the decrease. Moving to Global Lifestyle; this segment reported earnings of $56 million for the first quarter compared to $52 million in the prior period of last year. The first quarter of 2017 included $7.5 million of onetime client recoverables. Excluding this disclosed item and the $7 million benefit from tax reform, net operating income increased $4 million. Underlying results benefited from mobile growth within Connected Living, which was largely attributable to the new mobile programs implemented last year as well as growth from existing clients. We also recorded a benefit related to the revised client contract terms. While this is part of our normal course of business operations, the benefit was higher-than-anticipated and is not expected to recur in the second quarter. Results were partially offset by less favorable vehicle protection results and lower earnings from our U.S. credit business. Turning to revenue, net earned premiums and fees were up 14% in the quarter. Contributions from new mobile programs, including subscribers and continued growth in vehicle protection, were partially offset by reduced mobile trade-in volumes. Looking at this segment's profitability metrics, the combined ratio for the risk-based businesses increased to 99.1% from 92.2%. This was mainly due to less favorable results in the vehicle protection business, including elevated expenses and higher loss experience compared to a favorable prior period. As a reminder, the prior year period also included $4.3 million pretax benefit from a onetime client recoverable in the credit business. Excluding this benefit, the combined ratio increased 5.6 points due to the factors noted earlier. The pretax margin for fee-based, capital-light businesses was 8.2% in the first quarter, up from 7.1% in the prior year period. Excluding the $6.7 million of client recoverables from last year, the margin expanded 2.3 points, driven by profitable growth in new and existing programs. Overall, lower margins on trade-in activity partially offset this increase. We are pleased with Lifestyle's first quarter results. For the full year, we still believe net operating income growth will be modest before taking into account tax reform. Mobile will remain a significant contributor, driven by growth from programs implemented in 2017 and continued expansion of our offerings with existing clients. In addition, as we have mentioned before, mobile trade-in activity may fluctuate depending on the success of new phone introductions and mobile carrier promotional activity. Despite a softer first quarter for the vehicle business, we continue to expect profitable growth for 2018 as strong sales from prior periods continue to earn. Contributions from credit insurance, however, will continue to decline, reflecting run-off business and discontinued partnerships, particularly in the third and fourth quarters. As always, across our business, we will continue to manage expenses. After factoring in the lower effective tax rate, now expected to be roughly 22% to 24%, Global Lifestyle reported earnings should be even higher in 2018. While a portion of tax savings are expected to be reinvested into the business for future growth, we anticipate the investments to occur during the latter part of the year. Next, let's move to Global Preneed; the segment recorded $10 million in the first quarter net operating income, consistent with the prior year period. Excluding the $2 million benefit from the lower tax rate, earnings were down. This was primarily related to higher IT expenses as we transitioned to a new operating platform. Despite the harsh flu season this year, mortality was only slightly elevated compared to the first quarter of 2017, which was also seasonally high. Revenue in Preneed was up 5%, driven mainly by growth in the U.S, including sales of our Final Preneed product in prior periods. Base sales decreased 5%, primarily due to lower Final Need sales as we shift the focus to higher-return multi-pay products. In 2018, we expect Global Preneed revenue and earnings to continue to increase modestly, driven by expansion from new and existing clients and adjacent product offerings. Preneed results will also reflect the lower effective tax rate of approximately 22%, with a portion of savings reinvested into the business later in 2018. At Corporate, the net operating loss was $20 million, a year-over-year increase of $10 million. This was due to higher employee-related expenses compared to a favorable prior period and a $2 million adverse effect from the lower tax rate. For 2018, we continue to expect the full year corporate net operating loss to be approximately at level with the $63 million loss reported in 2017. After taking into account the lower tax rate of roughly 20% and some level of reinvestments, we expect the net loss to increase to around $80 million. Turning to capital, excluding the $1.2 billion of financing proceeds related to The Warranty Group acquisition, we ended March with $575 million in total company capital or about $325 million of deployable capital, after adjusting for our risk buffer. Dividends in the quarter from Global Housing, Global Lifestyle and Global Preneed totaled $182 million, which included $140 million of capital related to the reduction in deferred tax liabilities, following tax reform. This increased our dividend capacity, providing more cash to the holding company and allowed us to lower the amount of equity issued as part of our TWG financing, effectively bringing forward the share repurchases originally planned for later this year. As a result, we did not purchase any shares in the quarter. In terms of uses of cash, we did, however, pay $30 million in shareholder dividends and paid $42 million worth of final claims reserve settlement associated with the 2015 sale of our general agency business. This settlement payment was previously accrued for, and therefore, had no material impact to our income statement. And finally, we invested $8 million towards strengthening our connected home and asset disposition capabilities, as Alan mentioned earlier. In 2018, we now expect dividends from our operating segments to be greater than segment operating earnings because of the increased dividends made available following the reduction in our deferred tax liability. Dividends from the underlying businesses are expected to approximate segment earnings. Overall, our dividend outlook is subject to customary rating agency and regulatory capital requirements as well as the growth of the businesses. We believe that this will provide ongoing flexibility to invest in our businesses and support The Warranty Group integration. We continue to believe share buyback activity will be unlikely for the balance of the year, but we will revisit, post close. As noted earlier, following the closing of The Warranty Group acquisition, we will update our presentation and results and outlook for the full year. Among other things, post-closing, our net operating income will include The Warranty Group results and approximately $36 million after tax of additional annual interest expense related to the acquisition debt financing. This also accounts for the amortization of gains from derivative transactions that were used to hedge interest rate risk. And for the purposes of net operating income per diluted share, results will reflect the dilutive impact of the mandatory convertible preferred stock on an if-converted accounting basis. Prior to closing, however, the impact of the $1.2 billion acquisition financing will only impact GAAP net income and GAAP diluted net income per share. In the next few weeks, we expect to file a summary of TWG's first quarter results. At this stage in their post process, we believe the business performance continues to track against our expectations and reflects ongoing momentum in their vehicle business. In summary, we're pleased with our performance in the first quarter and remain focused on delivering on our commitments for the full year. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from John Nadel from UBS
John Nadel: So I think one -- the first question I had is just a housekeeping item. So at the end of 1Q, equity ex-AOCI was $4.4 billion. So when you close on The Warranty Group deal and issue the shares to the seller, is it as simple as adding roughly $1 billion to your equity upon the closing, so on a pro forma basis your equity, all else equal, should be around $5.4 billion?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. John, it's Richard, that's right. We'll issue the equity to 10.4 million shares. Obviously, we'll have [P gap] at the time of closing, so an opening balance sheet, so there might be some adjustments there. But it is like you say.
John Nadel: Okay. So then if we take a step back and think about roughly $5.5 billion of equity, give or take a couple of years out, maybe it's even a growing a bit a few years out, I want to go back to the 15% ROE target in 2020. If I look at this quarter's results ex cat and maybe make a few other adjustments, it looks like you're annualizing to earnings of about $450 million, maybe a little bit higher than $450 million. But if I think about that 15% ROE target it suggests your earnings need to be somewhere between $800 million and $900 million a few years from now. I know TWG is going to add a significant amount to that, but it still feels like there is a pretty big gap to get there. Can you just walk us through maybe a view of the more important drivers of filling that gap over the next few years?
Alan Colberg: Yes. No, certainly, John. And as background for everyone, John's referring to the 15% ROE target we've put out at the January or February 26 Investor -- 2016 Investor Day. Start with our earnings and then add in significant earnings for The Warranty Group, important to remember the synergies that we've talked about, we've said $60 million hard cost synergy run rate. We've said there clearly are going to be some revenue synergy upsides, but we haven't attempted to quantify or value those in our model. And then if you look at our business, we grew earnings in 2017, which is an important step in our transformation. We're going to grow earnings again in our outlook that we provided in 2018. And when you get into 2019 and 2020 with lender-placed normalization nearing its end, we are well positioned to grow earnings rapidly as Assurant. And then we have opportunities to manage that equity and to go through combined operations and release some capital out of our businesses. With all that said, we are going to, later this year as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, look at the combined company and put out what we think are the right long-term metrics. But for now, we feel like we have momentum toward that ROE target, as I mentioned, we're up 40 basis points versus year-end. And we see good progress in our company.
John Nadel: Okay. So we'll look forward to a more -- I guess, I'll call it a more fulsome update, inclusive of TWG later this year. But that stabilization of LPI and the capital that -- or the cash flow that it will throw off, gives you two key drivers, right? One, it's no more earnings growth pressure as that shrinks; and two, you have the opportunity to be active in capital management.
Alan Colberg: Correct, John. And then the other thing that's important to remember, Lifestyle, we put out back in 2013, a long-term -- we can grow our earnings 10% a year on average, and we have more than delivered on that over the last five years. And we certainly have reaffirmed that we expect, on average, we can grow 10% on average at Lifestyle. So that, combined with a different profile for lender placement as we get into 2019 and beyond, positions us very well for earnings growth.
John Nadel: Okay. That's helpful. And then second question is just thinking about the vehicle protection business. I don't think you're trying to tell us that the margins there, underwriting results there, were weak. I think it was just a year ago that was so good. So the comparison was tough. But can you just confirm that? And obviously, vehicle protection is so important to TWG, are they seeing similar results there?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, John. I'll take that one, it's Richard. So yes, I think you hit it on the head. We're really comparing to last year results of 92% for risk-based in Lifestyle. Whereas our long-term targets, 96% to 98% that we put out, we came in at 99%. There was some increase in expenses in there, some onetime increase in expenses in there and a little bit higher non-cat loss ratio. But for the full year, we fully expect to be within the bands that we've talked about previously.
Alan Colberg: Yes. And on The Warranty Group, we'll provide a summary of their Q1 sometime in the next few weeks. But as was mentioned, all indications are their business continues to progress as we expect, with good momentum in the vehicle business.
John Nadel: If I can sneak one more in; just -- because this has become such a significant topic in the industry here in the last couple of weeks. But just a question on your old long-term care insurance business; I know that was sold to John Hancock something like 18 years ago via a co-insurance transaction back...
Alan Colberg: Yes, that's correct, John, yes.
John Nadel: But I just want to confirm, and I think it's helpful for folks if you can confirm, that you have no obligation related to that block of business. Correct?
Richard Dziadzio: That business is, I would say, it's on our books. It's reinsured. It's reinsured to, I would say, a party of very high credit standing. And in addition to that, the reserves of the assets across the reserves are held in trust. So we're feeling extremely secure about that business.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes from SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Did I hear correctly that in the Connected Living, the favorable client contract term amendment, was that kind of a onetime boost? And if I -- and if that's right, how much was that?
Alan Colberg: So yes and no is the answer to that. Ordinary course for us is we're routinely going through all of our client contracts and truing up, collecting if there are things that aren't performing as we agreed. So that's pretty normal course. The reason we called it out is it was a little bit bigger than we normally see in a quarter, but nowhere near the size of the one from the first quarter of '17.
Mark Hughes: Okay. So less than that, but you haven't quantified it?
Alan Colberg: We haven't quantified it.
Mark Hughes: At least for public purposes.
Alan Colberg: Right.
Mark Hughes: The mobile trade-in volume, I think you suggested, was down in Q1 and it looks like industries shipments have been soft lately. Any body language on the last couple of months? Is that kind of still same trajectory? Possibly better?
Alan Colberg: Yes, I think the important thing in our Mobile and Lifestyle business, as you saw, we had a strong first quarter despite relatively weak mobile trade-in volumes because we have many other sources of revenue and earnings in mobile. So we've weathered now many quarters in a row of pretty soft trade-in volumes with continued strong overall growth for our lifestyle business. We -- as we look forward, we still expect later this year that we'll see a pickup in mobile trade-in volumes but if we do or don't, we continue to have strong momentum in Lifestyle independent of that.
Mark Hughes: Understood. The KDDI enrollment is quite strong in the quarter. Is -- anything we should think about in terms of the pattern of growth there? Is it kind of front-end loaded and new relationships are getting a nice pop? Or is this something that you'll see sustained pickup? How should we think about that?
Alan Colberg: I think we're going to continue to see continued strong growth in that relationship for the foreseeable future. And at this point, our relationship with them only covers one major manufacturer, and we have opportunity to expand that to other manufacturers. So I think we feel good about how that program is going so far, with significant growth over time in front of us.
Mark Hughes: And with respect to the T-Mobile situation, what's the latest take on your opportunity there?
Alan Colberg: Yes, as we've talked about, T-Mobile is an important partner for us. We've been embedded in their operations and a key part of their Un-carrier strategy for many years now. But we feel well positioned with an important client, however things play out in the marketplace over time.
Mark Hughes: Any opportunity to take share as a consequence of this?
Alan Colberg: Hard to speculate on what will actually ever happen with the potential merger that's been announced. But the good news for us is we have a strong partnership with T-Mobile and that creates opportunities over time.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: First, I just wanted to clarify your comments on buybacks. I think you had initially said that you'd evaluate buybacks after the closing. And are you implying that it's unlikely that you will buy back stock this year, even in the second half?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So a couple of comments on that. One, as you know, what we've said is that, as of now, we think buybacks are unlikely in 2018. But we've said we will revisit that post close. We'll take a look at our capital and cash position post-closing. Importantly, we have a very long history and a very strong track record of creating value for our shareholders, and a large part of that is returning capital. That hasn't changed. The only thing that's happened this year is we've effectively brought forward the share buybacks that we had planned for this year by issuing 3 million fewer shares as part of purchasing The Warranty Group. Well, we will revisit post close. But for now, the expectation is that we don't anticipate further buybacks this year.
Jamminder Bhullar: And then on the mortgage solutions business, obviously, there's been some industry headwinds as well. But it doesn't seem like the industry environment's as weak as your results would suggest. So are there things that are going on in the market that's sort of -- or related to your business, where you've been able to find reasons where you're performing worse? And what's your view on the likelihood of stabilization and/or a recovery in that business?
Alan Colberg: Well, I think our perspective at this point is that it's going to be remaining challenging for the balance of the year. With that said, we've taken aggressive expense actions, and we'll continue to take appropriate expense actions. The real challenge we've been dealing with is both the market and then, as we brought the companies together, we had some client issues that cost us some volume last year. With that said, we're starting to see some good business opportunities. In fact, we're onboarding several new clients right now on our field services business. So what we tried to message in the outlook is we don't see it recovering this year, we see it remaining challenging. But we feel like we've taken appropriate actions to really stabilize that business.
Jamminder Bhullar: And then just lastly, on the placement rates in the LTI business. And I realize, long term, there's not a lot of visibility on what happens with that. But any reason to believe that beyond 2018, if the housing market stays strong, that it would -- it wouldn't continue to decline, maybe at a slower pace?
Alan Colberg: Yes -- no. Certainly, there is a natural kind of bottom to placement rate. Because, important to remember, some of the homes that we insure are actually the consumer choosing to buy our product, and it's actually a pretty significant portion of what we do now in lender-placed. But I think as we get into 2019, we will see placement rates moderate even if the housing market remained strong, i.e., the rate of decline will moderate. Fortunately though, we've been taking significant action in the investment we've been making in technology that will really create, we expect, cost savings in 2019 beyond what should allow us to perform in that business even if we continue to have placement rate declines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Gary Ransom from Dowling & Partners.
Gary Ransom: Most of my questions have been answered but on -- I had a question on the accounting treatment after the deal of the amortization of intangibles. And I just wondered if you could give us any estimate of the size of that? Or -- and just to clarify whether that's actually in your definition of operating or whether that's below the line?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, Gary, it's Richard. In terms of intangibles, at the time of the acquisition, the first announcement, we talked about $30 million, $35 million per year in terms of intangible amortization. No update as of the call today. I have no reason to believe that there's going to be a change from that. And as I mentioned earlier, when we get to close, that's when we'll do our opening balance sheet. And that would be a part of the operating earnings that we have to date, the amortization of intangibles that we have from various acquisitions is -- goes through that as well. We are, however, as we said in the past, looking at ways to show the market the cash-generation power that this company has, and we'll be updating that as part of the update later this year that Alan mentioned earlier.
Alan Colberg: And Gary, just one other thing on that. In the outlook that we provided on The Warranty Group, where we said the deal was modestly accretive on a run-rate basis with the synergies that we expect, we included in that analysis the amortization. So it's modestly accretive, including the amortization that Richard just highlighted.
Gary Ransom: Right. Okay. And just one other broad-based question on your comment about migrating one big housing client on to your one platform. Could you maybe give us a little bit more color on what that means for that client and then what it means for you in terms of expense?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So our environment today is complicated. It's a legacy of many different systems that were built either by us or through acquisitions. So in order to effectively serve clients and consumers today, it's a fairly complicated training process a representative has to go through. This new system is a massively superior consumer and client experience. It's a single system that has all the information. We can have a new representative up and running much quicker than in the past. And as we install it, we'll be able to take a lot of cost and complexity out of our business, with a better outcome for our clients and their consumers.
Gary Ransom: And your intention is to get everyone on this platform?
Alan Colberg: Yes. We've been working with our clients for many years now. In fact, the system was designed with a client counsel that provided continuous input into what's needed to operate their business better. And so in the short term, it's actually hurting our expenses because we're carrying both the existing system and we're starting to invest and we've been investing in this new system. But that's why we've said, beginning later this year and especially in 2019 and beyond, we should have significant improvement in our expense ratio as we're able to get a critical mass of clients on the new system.
Operator: Our last question is coming from John Nadel from UBS.
John Nadel: So, I just wanted to follow-up on one of the comments you made, Alan, which was -- I found interesting, that a good portion of the lender-placed -- the placed policies are actually sort of voluntarily chosen as opposed to forced placed. And so if I think about the 1.74% placement rate -- and I know you guys talked about it declining at least through the end of this year. So give or take, about 600,000 policies enforced, can you give us a sense what portion of that 600,000 policies is actually voluntary as opposed to force placed?
Alan Colberg: So, yes. Yes. So John, I'm not going to answer it exactly. But the way to think about this is before the crisis, if you go back to the '05, '06 type range, we had placement rates, call it, 1.5%, a little bit around that range, and that was largely from voluntary purchase by consumers. And that was in an era when our rates were substantially higher than voluntary products. You fast forward to today, we've completely redone the product over the last five years. Our product is actually relatively competitive now with the existing voluntary products. And so what we're finding now is we're having greater consumer choice to pick our product, and then there's always going to be some level of volume that comes from the foreclosed inventory, the seriously delinquent, that's move into foreclosure, that's moved into REO. Which is why we feel pretty well positioned that even the placement rate was going to continue to modulate a little bit, which it could if the housing market was very strong; we're not far from the bottom at this point.
John Nadel: Great, thank you.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, everyone, for participating in today's call. We're pleased with our first quarter performance and believe we're off to a strong start for the year. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our second quarter earnings call in early August. Please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier for any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Suzanne Shepherd - Assurant, Inc. Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc. Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you, Kelly, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2017 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2017. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Additional information regarding these factors can be found in yesterday's earnings release, as well as in our SEC reports. Our previously announced acquisition of The Warranty Group is expected to close in the second quarter, subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. As such, the 2018 outlook provided on today's call does not include any contributions expected from The Warranty Group acquisition, nor the financing plan. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Thanks, Suzanne, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2017. We delivered on our financial commitments to shareholders, while also building a stronger Assurant for the future. Specifically, for full-year 2017, we generated net operating income growth of 9%, excluding reportable catastrophes, well ahead of our initial expectations, due to business growth and $12.5 million of net one-time benefits. Operating earnings per diluted share, excluding catastrophes, grew by 22%, surpassing our long-term average annual target of 15%. And we completed the return of $1.5 billion in capital to shareholders, as planned. In 2017, we also achieved key milestones in our multi-year transformation, which we believe position our company for continued profitable growth. We invested in our digital and data analytics areas and we also established capability centers for enterprise strategic account management, customer experience, robotics, and artificial intelligence. These are just a few examples of investments to strengthen our competitive advantage. Through our newly-formed enterprise procurement group and other initiatives, we've made good progress toward our $100 million gross expense savings target. These savings, largely sourced from third-party spending, have and will fund ongoing investments in the business, while expanding margins over time. We've also continued to manage capital prudently with the goal of enhancing shareholder value. Not only do we complete our return of $1.5 billion to shareholders, we also announced our acquisition of The Warranty Group. We believe this transaction positions us as a leading lifestyle provider with significant synergies, a platform for continued innovation, and a more predictable and diversified earnings stream. In January, following the enactment of U.S. tax reform legislation, we amended the transaction agreement to simplify the overall structure and optimize the financing plan. Importantly, tax reform provides meaningful savings to our operations which will benefit our shareholders, customers, and employees. Let me now share some of the highlights from the year for each of our operating segments. Global Lifestyle's earnings grew 15% for the full-year, ahead of our average annual growth target of 10%, as we advanced our position as a strong lifestyle competitor with an attractive product and client mix. In Connected Living, we added new partnerships with leading global brands such as Comcast, Apple and most recently with KDDI in Japan. We now protect over 36 million covered devices worldwide with a growing portion of those devices leveraging our premium tech support capabilities. Our vehicle protection business remained a strong performer in 2017 with nearly 10% revenue growth, operating ROE in the mid-teens, and solid cash flow. Our results reflect a continued volume growth from third-party administrators as well as our partnerships with leading OEMs. Our acquisition of The Warranty Group will expand our reach into complementary channels, such as dealer networks and national accounts, which will strengthen our overall position in the vehicle protection market. In Global Housing, 2017 was marked by significant weather-related activity across the Caribbean, Mexico and the U.S., which resulted in $190 million of after-tax net reportable catastrophe losses. Despite the significant devastation, our Comprehensive Reinsurance Program provided broad multi-storm coverage to mitigate losses. Importantly, during this time, our employees responded exceptionally well to these events, providing support to those in need. Looking at our underlying performance, excluding reportable catastrophes, Global Housing net operating income was roughly level with 2016. This was better than expected, driven by strong fourth quarter results within our lender-placed insurance and flood businesses. We made progress driving our operational excellence initiatives to mitigate declines in lender-placed. In 2017, we ran pilots to migrate clients onto our single processing platform which will provide a more seamless customer experience and deliver operating efficiencies over time. So far, results are encouraging. Those savings from these efforts will not be realized until later this year and beyond. Lender-placed remains an important business for us, and all of this work will help us continue to be an innovative leader and maintain strong returns long-term. In multi-family housing, we now protect 1.8 million renters across the U.S., an increase of almost 20% from 2016. This reflects our strong suite of products and superior customer experience. In addition to working through our property management and affinity partners, we continue to innovate and now offer products through new digital channels with partnerships with companies like TenantCloud, Cozy, and Sure (07:59). Strong growth within multi-family housing helped offset declines in mortgage solutions where we continue to see weak market demand in new loan origination and field services. During 2017, we took actions to realize efficiencies in our mortgage solutions operations, including assessing our real estate footprint and operating platform. We do not expect a material improvement in the overall market in 2018 and we'll further adjust cost as needed. Moving to Global Preneed, with $40 million of earnings in 2017, this segment continues to be a steady contributor to our business, supported by our alignment with market leaders, as well as expanded product offerings for the senior lifestyle market. We now protect around 1.9 million customers across North America. As we look at 2018 and beyond, we are focused on leveraging our scale and expertise in both the lifestyle and housing markets to continue driving profitable growth. Across our businesses, we will look to enhance our customer focuses with an emphasis on strategic account management to deepen our client relationships and continuously improve the customer experience. Sustaining innovation through investments in artificial intelligence in areas like the connected car and connected home will be important. This will be balanced by a steadfast focus on operational excellence as we continue to strengthen our technology foundation, drive margin expansion, and live our Assurant operating model. We believe our talent remains a competitive advantage. In 2018 and beyond, we will continue to invest in our people and further champion a culture of engagement, growth, and performance as we build a stronger Assurant for the future. Our long-term commitment remains to grow earnings over time. And we're pleased that already in 2017 we have seen successful results from our transformation. Based on our current plans for 2018, we expect Assurant net operating income, excluding catastrophe losses, to be up 10% to 14% from the $412 million reported in 2017. Earnings growth is expected to be driven by a lower consolidated effective tax rate and modest growth in underlying earnings, recognizing that includes $12.5 million of net one-time benefits which are not expected to recur. As we announced previously, we expect our effective tax rate to decline to about 22% to 23% from 33% historically. While a significant portion of the tax savings will drive higher earnings, we currently plan to reinvest approximately one-third of those tax savings to support future growth across our enterprise. We will provide more details as plans are finalized by the second quarter of 2018. Looking at underlying earnings, profitable growth is expected to be driven primarily by mobile in Connected Living, our multi-family housing, and vehicle protection businesses. We anticipate some additional declines in lender-placed and credit insurance, which will offset much of that growth. Expense savings from enterprise initiatives are also expected to continue. Operating earnings per share, excluding reportable catastrophes, are expected to grow more than net operating income, driven by share repurchase activity during the past year. Our current outlook for 2018 does not include any impact from The Warranty Group acquisition or the related financing plan. We'll update our outlook for the year when appropriate. In addition, we will refresh our long-term metrics and targets to reflect the enhanced financial profile of our combined operations. As we've stated previously, we're confident in our ability to grow earnings and cash flow long-term, and that our attractive business portfolio, combined with the more efficient operating structure, will produce more diversified and predictable earnings. This will allow us to continue to invest in the business and return excess capital to shareholders over the long-term. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review our fourth quarter 2017 results and our 2018 outlook in greater detail. Richard?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Let's start with Global Housing. Net operating income for the fourth quarter totaled $90 million, exceeding our expectations. When compared to the prior year period, results benefited from $40 million of lower reportable catastrophes, the absence of $20 million of lender-placed regulatory expenses, and more income from processing a substantially higher volume of claims under the National Flood Insurance Program or NFIP following Hurricane Harvey. We've now closed more than 90% of our NFIP flood claims, so we do not expect this level of income to continue into 2018. In addition, fourth quarter 2017 results also reflected more favorable non-catastrophe loss experience. In the first half of 2018, however, we expect non-catastrophe losses to increase to more normalized levels, as well as reflecting typical winter and spring seasonality. Growth in multi-family housing and the new lender-placed loans on-boarded earlier this year also contributed to a strong fourth quarter. We will continue to see declines in the lender-placed portfolio in 2018 but at a slower pace. Looking at our key metrics, the risk-based combined portfolio for our lender-placed and manufactured housing businesses decreased to 75.2% from 105% in the prior-year period. Net reportable catastrophes in the quarter totaled $3.2 million pre-tax, a $62 million year-over-year decrease. Fourth quarter 2017 losses were mainly related to California wildfires and were partially offset by reduction in reinstatement premiums as claims for the third quarter hurricanes developed more favorably than initially expected. As a reminder, Hurricane Matthew occurred in the fourth quarter of 2016 which resulted in elevated claims. Excluding catastrophe losses, the risk-based combined ratio was 74.1%, down from 88.8% in the prior-year period. This improvement reflects the absence of regulatory expenses, higher than expected NFIP income, and better than average non-catastrophe loss experience. The pre-tax margin for the fee-based capital-light offerings was down 60 basis points to 10.6% as declines in mortgage solutions were partially offset by profitable growth in multi-family housing. Valuation and field services continued to experience lower client volumes and be impacted by market conditions. Turning to revenue, total Global Housing net earned premium and fee income decreased 2% in the fourth quarter. Lower placement rates in lender-placed insurance and declines in mortgage solutions drove the decrease. Specifically, the placement rate dropped 22 basis points year-over-year or 4 basis points from the third quarter. This reflects both the overall improvement in the housing market and a higher mix of low placement loans. The overall reduction in Global Housing revenue was partially offset by policy growth, mainly from affinity partners in multi-family housing and premiums from new lender-placed loans on-boarded earlier in 2017. We do not expect additional revenue growth from these loans in 2018. As evidenced last year, our Catastrophe Reinsurance Program is a critical component of managing our risk. In January, we placed around 65% of our 2018 program within the traditional reinsurance market. Rates were in line with the broader market, up 5% to 10% on a blended basis. We were also able to add another multi-year layer of protection and maintain certain key features like cascading in the event of multiple storms. As we do every year, we expect to complete and announce our program in July. For full-year 2018, we expect Global Housing's underlying earnings to decline from 2017 before taking into account savings from tax reform. After reflecting a lower effective tax rate of approximately 20%, with some of the savings we invested in the business, we expect earnings to increase. 2018 should mark the last year of significant lender-placed declines, with an expected 4 basis point to 5 basis point quarterly reduction in the placement rate. The rollout of our new single-source processing platform is expected to drive additional efficiencies, however, not until the end of 2018 and more substantially thereafter. Given this deployment schedule, our risk-based expense ratio will remain elevated through 2018. Our multi-family housing business is expected to generate continued profitable growth, driven by the expansion of our affinity and property management relationships, as well as increased product penetration. With regard to mortgage solutions, market conditions are still expected to be challenging. We are working hard to improve mortgage solutions' results, and we'll continue to drive operating efficiencies to mitigate some of the market weakness. In terms of revenue, we expect Global Housing to be roughly flat in 2018 as declines in lender-placed are offset by growth in multi-family housing and mortgage solutions. Moving to Global Lifestyle, the segment reported earnings of $43 million for the fourth quarter, up $8 million year-over-year. The increase was driven primarily by higher mobile contributions from new and existing programs, more favorable loss experience, and a client recoverable of $5 million. We also saw continued growth from the vehicle protection business. Results were partially offset by declines from credit insurance as well as lower income from mobile repair and logistics due to lighter trade-in activity. We no longer expect to see an increase in trade-in volumes in the first quarter of 2018 as sales of new smartphones have been lower than the industry originally forecasted. Turning to revenue, net earned premiums and fees were up $74 million or 9% in the quarter. This excludes a program structure change made at the end of 2016 for a large service contract client. Growth was mainly from increased mobile subscribers, including newly launched programs, which are performing well. Vehicle protection was also a key driver. Results were partially offset by lower mobile trade-in activity, as noted earlier. Looking at the segment's profitability metrics, the combined ratio for risk-based businesses increased in the quarter to 96.3%, up approximately 70 basis points from fourth quarter 2016. The pre-tax margin for fee-based, capital-light businesses was 5.4% in the fourth quarter, up from 3.7% in the prior period. The drivers for both metrics aligned with the net operating income commentary for the quarter. In summary, we are pleased with our overall 2017 results with Global Lifestyle earnings up 15%, including some one-time benefits. So, while we expect Global Lifestyle's underlying earnings to increase in 2018, the increase is anticipated to be more modest. This is all before considering savings from tax reform. We expect earnings growth in mobile, including programs implemented during 2017. Mobile trade-in activity will depend on the success of new phone introductions, availability of these phones, and mobile carrier promotional activity. Throughout 2018, we also anticipate continued profitable growth in our vehicle protection business, as strong sales from prior periods begin to earn. Credit insurance, however, will continue to decline, reflecting runoff business and discontinued partnerships. After factoring in the lower effective tax rate of roughly 22% and summary investments to support growth, Global Lifestyle reported earnings should be up more substantially in 2018. Next, let's move to Global Preneed. The segment recorded $4.6 million in fourth quarter net operating income, a decrease of $6.3 million year-over-year, primarily due to a $5 million software asset write-down. Revenue in Preneed was up 9%, driven mainly by growth in Canada and sales of our Final Need product in the U.S. from strong sales in prior periods. Face sales decreased 4%, primarily due to lower Final Need sales and seasonality. Sales in this segment overall tend to be lower in the fourth quarter, leading up to the holidays. In 2018, we expect Global Preneed revenue and earnings to continue to increase modestly, driven by expansion from new and existing clients and adjacent product offerings. We're actively monitoring the impact of this particularly harsh flu season as it may result in more elevated mortality in the first quarter. Preneed results will also reflect a lower effective tax rate of roughly 22% with a portion of savings reinvested in the business. At Corporate, the net operating loss was $29 million, an increase of $9 million. This was due to lower investment income and a $4.6 million charge related to workforce reductions. For 2018, we expect full Corporate net operating loss to be approximately level with the $63 million loss reported in 2017. After taking into account the lower tax rate of 20% and some level of reinvestments, we expect the net loss to increase to around $80 million. Turning to capital, we ended the year with $540 million of total company capital or about $290 million of deployable capital adjusting for our risk buffer of $250 million. Dividends from Global Housing, Lifestyle and Preneed to the holding company totaled $108 million in the fourth quarter, bringing the total dividends for the year to $229 million. This was lower than segment earnings, mostly due to a statutory deferred tax asset write-down of $95 million in the fourth quarter, following the enactment of tax reform. In addition, $21 million of dividends were distributed from Assurant Health and Employee Benefits as we continue to release residual capital associated with these businesses. We have now distributed nearly all the capital that had previously supported these businesses, and therefore do not anticipate any material additional dividends. During the quarter, we also repurchased $139 million of shares and paid $30 million in shareholder dividends. We now have completed the $1.5 billion return of capital since 2016 at an average share price of $87.09. In 2018, we expect dividends from operating segments to be at least equal to segment operating earnings. This is subject to customary rating agency and regulatory capital requirements, as well as the impact of tax reform. We believe that this will provide ongoing flexibility to invest in our businesses, including setting aside funds to complete our Iké investment and support The Warranty Group integration. And, as always, share buyback activity will be subject to market conditions and our overall financing plan for The Warranty Group. We're also hard at work on integration planning and our efforts are on track with an expected close in the second quarter of 2018. Last week, we reviewed The Warranty Group's preliminary results for the full year. While their close process is not yet completed, results for the year finished strong and in line with our expectations. As Alan noted earlier, we plan to update our outlook, as needed, to reflect The Warranty Group acquisition and related financing plan. In conclusion, we are pleased with our strong results for 2017 which provide a solid foundation to provide profitable growth in 2018 and we remain excited about our future prospects. And, with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Morning. In the Global Lifestyle, did I hear you properly that the Q1 smartphone sale is a little lower than originally forecasted? Is that correct? And then do you think those are pushed out? I know there have been plenty of headlines about the Apple's production schedule, that sort of thing. Do you think it will accelerate as we go through the year?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, Mark, we started talking about this back on the last earnings call that we just weren't seeing the volume of smartphone sales that the industry had predicted. Both the combination of delay in the launch of some smartphones and then I think these consumers have not been really enamored (26:17) with the latest ones. So, I think the important thing though for us, our mobile business has continued to grow well. We've added significant new clients. But you're correct. We do not see a pickup in new smartphone sales in Q1, so that will mute that piece of our business in Q1.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Then the impact of tax savings – is that going to translate into higher cash flow or are there some more offsets in terms of the cash benefit? And then when you talk about the use of those savings, should we think of those as more capital expenses or operating expenses that might impact margins?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Good morning, Mark. It's Richard. We don't see a significant difference in sort of the GAAP tax rate and the tax cash rate going forward. I mean, there can be small differences, but we're not seeing anything significant, which then means it will be cash available for investing in the business, or dropping down to the bottom line, as Alan said in the remarks. We do envisage reinvesting about a third of that back into the business.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. And, Mark, think of those as OpEx. So, we have a very high hurdle as we do with everything on how we deploy those dollars, but they'll run through the P&L as OpEx.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And at least, as far as your 2018 plans, that's already contemplated in the guidance?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yes.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Yes.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: The mortgage solutions business, at least with respect to the slowdown in refis, it seems like we sort of – we're lapping, in Q1, Q2 we should lap the drop in refis after the election in 2016, after the interest rate spike. Is there something more to the weakness in mortgage solution or would you agree with the proposition that assuming refis are at least stable, purchase markets improving that the mortgage solutions business ought to stabilize and maybe start to grow again?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, Mark, importantly, I think, there is some seasonality in that business. So, generally, the winter is not a time of a lot of activity relative to other parts of the year. Certainly, if we have a better-than-expected market environment for originations, that would benefit our business. Our outlook is still cautious about what the market is going to be, and we've adjusted our cost structure accordingly. But, certainly, if we had a more robust environment – also importantly, a large part of our business there is countercyclical. So, if we do have any kind of slowdown in housing that will benefit both mortgage solutions and our lender-placed business.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Then, a final question, the impact of the hurricanes on placement rates. It seems like there's been a lot of delinquencies in mortgages around the hurricanes in Texas and Florida. Did that benefit you at all in the quarter?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. Mark, it's Richard. We're really not seeing. If we look at the numbers and the placement rates and the change in those, we really haven't seen an impact from the hurricane and so forth weather-related events on moving that number. I mean, obviously, the policies that we have in place, those are the claims we're paying on those policies in place but we haven't seen an impact I would say sort of on the top line.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Thanks, Mark.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. I had a few questions. First, just on free cash flow. Historically, it's been fairly close to your reported earnings. Do you expect a major change following tax reform? And then as you look in – clearly, buybacks are going to be lower in 2018. But as you look to 2019 and beyond, what's your thinking about investing into additional acquisitions versus buybacks and how should we – like what are the priorities for free cash flow deployment beyond 2018? And then I have a couple of follow-ups.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you, Jimmy. In terms of the impact, free cash flow, the tax reform, similar to the Mark's question, I think what we're seeing is as we go forward that effective tax rate is, if someone will be paying the cash taxes will be similar to that. So, we'll obviously benefit from the lower tax rate. That will increase our cash, but no longer-term expectations other than that. And then, moving into your question on capital and share repurchases, and then, sort of, longer-term 2019 and beyond so to speak, I think one thing that we've stressed and that we'll continue to do is to be extremely disciplined about our capital. And when we're looking at our capital and profits and cash flow, looking at what we need to invest in the business to keep growing and reinvest that growth, we'll be looking at obviously our dividend policy, we'll be looking at M&A and we'll be looking at the repurchase activity in there.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, on just the vehicle business. I think premiums and fees were up almost 20%. Was there any – and that's an acceleration from where you've been recently. So, what's driving that? And I realize the lag in accounting between when you book the business and when you earn it. But what's driving that and do you think the fourth quarter level is sustainable or was there something in there that might not repeat in the first quarter and beyond?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for the question. In terms of the vehicle protection services, obviously, it's a great business for us. It's had great historical track growth and we expect it to continue. Particularly with our acquisition of The Warranty Group, we're excited about this line of business. It's true. Quarter-over-quarter, there was an increase in 19%. I tend to look more on the year-over-year change. It was up 10%. And, as you say, there's the earnings we did in the past. So, we're seeing the growth in the past come through. And that growth should continue to come through as we've done well in the past periods. Quarter-to-quarter, it is spotty. Sometimes we get reporting that comes in and it's a little bit lumpy. So, that can change a quarterly number.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, just lastly on mortgage solutions, I think premiums and fees in that business are down almost 20%. So it didn't seem like the market for your products is down as much. So it seems like you've lost – obviously, the markets affected you as well. But it seems like you've lost share as well. So, just some color on what's going on in that business.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yes. So, Jimmy, I think as we talked about in some of the earlier earnings call, we did have some issues as we implemented a new technology platform mid last year that caused us to lose a little bit of business and allocation. But since that, we're more tracking the market. And that's about the level of down we're seeing across the businesses that we play in at the moment.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: All right. Well, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We're very pleased with our performance in 2017. And in 2018, we're focused on delivering on our commitments and closing our acquisition of The Warranty Group. We look forward to updating everyone on our progress on our first quarter earnings call in May. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Suzanne Shepherd - Assurant, Inc. Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc. Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you, Christina, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2017 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday, after the market close, we issued a news release announcing our third quarter 2017 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available on assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC reports. On today's call, we also will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Thanks, Suzanne, and good morning, everyone. Third quarter marked one of the most active hurricane seasons on record. This serves as an important reminder of the protection Assurant provides to millions of our customers in their time of need. We recorded nearly $300 million in reportable catastrophes from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria as well as the Mexico City earthquake. The devastation to the U.S. and in particular to the Caribbean was quite extensive and our teams mobilized quickly. I'd like to thank our employees for their hard work and unwavering commitment to serve our customers during a tough time. This is especially true for many of our employees, who were also personally affected by the various catastrophes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and Mexico. While our third-quarter performance was impacted by these events, underlying results, excluding catastrophes, were in line with our expectations. We also made further progress toward achieving our 2017 financial commitments. For the full year, we now expect operating earnings, excluding reportable catastrophe losses, to be up modestly from the $380 million recorded in 2016. Profitable growth in our fee-based capital-light offerings, a lower Corporate loss and some one-time benefits will more than offset the decline in lender-placed and legacy businesses. In 2018 and beyond, we'll be focused on leveraging our expertise and leadership positions in the housing and lifestyle markets to drive profitable growth. Two weeks ago, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire The Warranty Group, a premier provider of extended service contracts for $2.5 billion from TPG Capital. This transaction represents another important milestone in our transformation journey. The Warranty Group's focus alliance well with ours and will help enhance our position as a leading lifestyle provider with significant operating synergies in a more predictable and diversified earnings stream. In addition, the acquisition accelerates our ability to capitalize on trends within our expanding lifestyle business and deepens our footprint and product offerings in key international markets. During the past few years, we've not only strengthened our business portfolio, but have also continued to deepen our management bench. Earlier this week, we welcomed Carey Roberts to Assurant as our new Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary. Carey is a 20-year insurance industry veteran and will succeed Bart Schwartz, who will be retiring after 10 years with the company. I want to thank Bart for his dedication and service and wish him all the best. Let me now review some business highlights from the third quarter, beginning with Global Lifestyle. We are pleased by continued sales momentum in our lifestyle businesses as we further leverages (05:01) our deep capabilities globally. During the quarter, we launched a new mobile device protection program with KDDI, the second largest mobile carrier in Japan with more than 49 million subscribers. This relationship strengthens our presence in this critical postpaid mobile market. New relationships like this, along with the planned acquisition of The Warranty Group, will help advance our position as a leading provider in the Global Lifestyle market with an attractive product and client portfolio, diversified growth profile and deeper global footprint. Now, let's look at Global Housing. In our multi-family housing business, revenue growth was strong, reflecting continued expansion within our affinity partners and property management companies in the U.S. We also recently signed an agreement with a leading e-commerce client to provide our insurance offering for small partial shipments in the U.S. and Europe. This builds on our acquisition of Shipsurance in early 2016 and we are excited to expand our book of business with this important client. Growth in multi-family housing, partially offset declines in lender-placed and in mortgage solutions, where we continue to see soft market conditions in field services and the valuations business. We have implemented various expense management efforts across Global Housing to help temper declines. Now, let's review our performance to-date against the key financial measures we use to track our progress, net operating income, operating earnings per diluted share and operating return on equity, all exclude reportable catastrophe losses given the inherent volatility of such events. Through the first nine months of this year, our net operating income was up modestly in comparison to the same period last year as the increased contribution from Connected Living and a lower loss at Corporate more than offset the continued normalization of lender-placed. Operating earnings per share increased 15% to $5.64, driven by share buyback activity. Annualized operating ROE, excluding AOCI, was 10.7%, level with the full-year 2016. As of the end of September, our holding company capital totaled $570 million with $320 million available for deployment. Over the last seven quarters, we've returned over $1.3 billion of capital to shareholders, representing 90% of our stated commitment. We expect to return the remaining $160 million through buybacks and dividends in the fourth quarter. As we look ahead to 2018, we'll be focused on delivering profitable growth and the successful integration of The Warranty Group. From a capital management perspective, we expect to increase our quarterly dividend as we have every year since our IPO subject, as always, to board approval. In addition, we expect share repurchases will continue, albeit, at a more moderate pace than in recent years as we set aside the funds needed to complete our acquisition of Ike, an assistance company in Latin America, where we currently have a 40% ownership stake. Overall, we believe our attractive business portfolio, innovative offerings and strong client partnerships will deliver greater and more diversified earnings. This should result in strong cash flow generation and allow for greater flexibility in capital deployment over time. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review our third quarter results in greater detail. Richard?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you, Alan, and good morning. Let's start with a look at Global Housing. The segment reported a net operating loss of $110 million, driven by $187 million of reportable catastrophe losses and reinstatement premiums from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria as well as the Mexico City earthquake. This compares to $33 million of catastrophe losses in the third quarter of last year. The ongoing lender-placed normalization also drove the decline and was partially offset by $5 million of income from a real estate joint venture partnership. Looking at our key metrics, the combined ratio for our Global Housing risk-based businesses increased to 155%, reflecting catastrophes in the quarter. Excluding the losses and reinstatement premiums, the combined ratio was 81%, roughly in line with the prior-year period. Declining lender-placed premiums were offset by lower expenses to support the business. The pre-tax margin for our fee-based capital-light businesses decreased to 9%. This represents a 70 basis point decline from the prior-year period. This was mainly from $7 million of catastrophe losses and higher non-catastrophe losses within our multi-family housing business. Mortgage solutions results improved modestly due to prior expense actions, but remained soft overall, given the continued weak market demand for originations and field services. While we continue to manage our expense base, we expect the margin pressure to persist as we exit 2017. Turning to revenue, third-quarter net earned premiums and fees in Global Housing decreased 8%. This was primarily due to a 31 basis point year-over-year decline in the placement rate and additional reinsurance premiums largely for reinstatements. Growth in multi-family housing and premiums for new lender-replaced clients partially offset the decline. The placement rate in the quarter was impacted by macro trends in client mix, including a higher concentration of loans with lower-than-average placement rates. With these loans now fully on-boarded, we expect the placement rate decline to moderate in the fourth quarter and into 2018. Moving to our fee-based capital-light businesses, multi-family housing revenue increased 14% during the third quarter. This reflects growth in renters policies sold through our affinity and PMC channels. In mortgage solutions, fee income was down 24% year-over-year and down 3% from second quarter 2017, primarily related to weaker market demand and lower client volume for origination and field services. Consistent with our outlook for full-year 2017, we anticipate continued declines in Global Housing net earned premiums and earnings, excluding catastrophe losses. This is due to the ongoing normalization of lender-placed and continued weak performance in mortgage solutions. While the Atlantic hurricane season officially ends later this month, we expect the losses from the California wildfires to be a reportable catastrophe event in the fourth quarter. We continue to monitor claims development and expect losses could be $6 million to $8 million pre-tax. Now, let's move to Global Lifestyle. This segment recorded a $43 million of net operating income, an increase of $14 million from the prior period. This was driven by a one-time $10 million tax benefit, growth in our mobile business and additional joint venture real estate partnership income. This was partially offset by $5 million in losses, primarily in our vehicle protection business from flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey. Revenue for this segment overall decreased, entirely due to a $139 million reduction in net earned premiums associated with the previously-mentioned change in a client program structure. The change implemented late last year extended our relationship with the client and had no impact on economics. Excluding this change, revenues for Global Lifestyle were up $53 million or 7%, driven by growth in mobile globally, vehicle protection and our Canadian credit business. This was partially offset by the declines from legacy retail clients. Fee income within Global Lifestyle, specifically, was up 11%, driven by growth in new mobile programs and subscribers. In the quarter, however, we saw lower-than-expected volumes of trade-in activity, following the staggered introduction of new smartphone devices. Given the anticipated availability of these new devices, we expect trade-in volumes in the fourth quarter to be consistent with the third quarter with a more meaningful increase in early 2018. The vehicle protection business generated 7% growth in revenue year-over-year as strong sales growth from prior-year periods begins to earn. Our strong returns and expanded profitability in this business over the last several years has been supported by a comprehensive product and service offering as well as broad distribution. Our alignment with key PPAs and OEMs in North America and other selected countries in Latin America have also contributed to our success. Looking at the key performance metrics for this segment, the combined ratio for the risk-based businesses, which includes vehicle protection and credit insurance, rose by 130 basis points to 99%. This was primarily driven by vehicle protection losses from Harvey. Absent this, the combined ratio was 96.6%, well within our targeted range of 96% to 98%. The pre-tax margin for our fee-based Connected Living business rose to 3.8%, up 1.2 percentage points from last year. Approximately 70 basis points was related to the change in the program structure referenced earlier. The balance was due to growth in mobile programs and subscribers, partially offset by lower service contract results and additional expenses to support new business. Turning to our Global Lifestyle outlook for the full-year 2017, while mobile trade-in volumes in the fourth quarter may be lower than originally anticipated, we continue to expect 2017 segment earnings to meaningfully increase year-over-year. We also believe that we will be well-positioned to drive sustained growth in 2018. Now, let's review results in Global Preneed. Earnings decreased $2 million to $12 million, primarily reflecting real estate joint venture partnership income in the prior period. Otherwise, results were flat. While assets continued to grow, yields remained pressured in the low interest-rate environment. Total revenue for Preneed increased by 3%, driven largely by growth with our U.S. and Canadian business, including our Final Need product. New face sales, this quarter, decreased by 8% year-over-year, reflecting lower volumes. This was in key markets like Texas and Florida, the areas hit hardest by the hurricane activity. While disappointing, we do not expect lower sales will impact our ability to deliver on our commitments for the year. Moving to Corporate, net operating loss decreased by $4 million to $13 million. Lower expenses and reduction in taxes drove the decline. We expect lower taxes in third quarter to reverse in the fourth quarter. We also expect Corporate's fourth quarter results to include an increase in expenses, driven by additional third-party consulting spend in technology and other expenses as we continue to align our operating model. As such, we now estimate our Corporate net operating loss for this year to be within the $55 million to $60 million range compared to $71 million in 2016. Moving on to Corporate, we ended the quarter with approximately $320 million in deployable capital. Because of the significant level of catastrophes, we only received $4 million in dividends from Global Housing, Lifestyle and Preneed in the third quarter. We upstreamed $38 million from health and employee benefits or $124 million year-to-date. This is well ahead of our initial fee full-year estimate of $100 million. We continue to expect dividends from operating segments to roughly approximate segment earnings for the full year. During the third quarter, we returned $63 million to shareholders with $34 million returned via share buybacks and the remaining $29 million through common stock dividends. Buybacks through September were lower due to cat activity and the pending announcement of The Warranty Group acquisition. To summarize, we continue to make good progress in the third quarter and we delivered solid results. We are developing a comprehensive integration plan for acquisition of The Warranty Group to ensure we operate as one company day one. We also are beginning to prepare our S-4 filing, including pro forma financials, which we expect to be filed by year-end. At the same time, we remain focused on delivering on our commitments to our shareholders for the full year and on driving profitable growth in 2018 and beyond. With that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Your first question comes from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah, thank you. The Corporate outlook, the loss of $55 million to $60 million, am I right through nine months that number is $34 million, implying (19:18) Q4 is say roughly $20 million to $25 million in loss, is that correct?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Yes. Good morning, Mark. It's Richard. You're exactly right. As I mentioned in my remarks, as we move through Q4, we actually see that some of the tax benefit that we've gotten through the course of the year will reverse itself and also we are foreseeing some higher expenses – further investments as we get through the fourth quarter. So, that is our best estimate as of today.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: When I (19:50). And in the context of kind of your broader guidance, I think your outlook is that you'll be modestly ahead of last year on an operating earning basis. Last year, I think, was $380 million, excluding cats, $313 million year-to-date. So that – the delta between those two and modestly ahead would suggest you're a bit off the pace in fourth quarter compared to what you've done year-to-date. The Corporate certainly is a little higher in the fourth quarter. When we think about the other businesses and we only think about the Lifestyle and Housing, I think you've suggested that the mobile programs, the volumes are a bit less than you had looked for, but 4Q maybe will be similar to 3Q. Is there some reason why those operating businesses will be taking a step down in the fourth quarter or is this mostly a Corporate phenomenon?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, Mark, a couple things just to look at as you reflect on our full year. I think the positive is we're now comfortable saying we're going to be up modestly versus last year's $380 million. That is something we haven't had a comfort saying until now, but there were a couple things that have happened year-to-date that are not going to continue in Q4. So, we had a tax benefit of $10 million in the third quarter. We had some real estate joint venture income. And then, the newer development has just been with the staggered release of the new smartphones in the market. We had expected some pickup in Q4. We now think that's going to be more Q1 and the Q4 will look more like Q3 in terms of the trade-in activity in mobile. But I don't think – if you look at our health of our underlying businesses, we still feel good and we feel well-positioned for a profitable growth in 2018 and beyond.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And I think if you took out that tax benefit and the joint venture income, you'd still have operating earnings roughly $95 million in the quarter and the guidance of $380 million minus $313 million year-to-date is – we don't know exactly what modestly up is, but that implies a somewhat lower number. I guess your message is that we know exactly what you're saying on (22:18) Corporate, but the underlying business sounds like you don't see any change Q3 to Q4 that you would highlight?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: It's Richard. I guess, yeah, I think you're framing it well. I think that, as Alan said, we do have the joint venture real estate income that came through the one-time tax benefit. So, as we back out that, we also know that we have the continued normalization with lender-placed business. So, as we project that forward, we see that coming against us a little bit in Q4, but moderating, as we said, as we go into Q4 and then to next year. And then, mobile volumes, obviously, being more consistent with Q3 and then picking up more in early 2018. And again, your first question on Corporate, that's a little bit of an offset too.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And then, on the mobile, could you give a little more detail on what you're seeing? Is this specific plans with vendors? I know Apple has – there's been a lot of news out there on that front. What else are you seeing that gives you confidence next year is going to be stronger in mobile?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Well, I think a couple things. It's important (23:34) to reflect on this year, we've had several new major clients that we've announced and added to our portfolio. I mentioned KDDI on this call. Every time we do that, in the short term, that actually impacts earnings negatively. They're spending to ramp up those programs, but if you look at those programs as we get into 2018, many of the ones we announced earlier this year and in this quarter will start to meaningfully contribute. So that, that I think is a good underlying health in our business. And then, just in terms of the shipments, I think it's well publicized. There're some delays and some timing issues related to some of the new smartphones. Doesn't change our ultimate benefit from those new smartphones eventually coming into our trade-in and buyback programs, but it just delays the timing into more early next year as opposed to more of a 2017 event.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And then, if you might indulge me thinking about the next year, your guidance has been – generally, this idea that operating income would be up modestly and then share buybacks would allow you to generate double-digit EPS growth, I know you've suggested the pace of buybacks probably not as aggressive this year, how should we think about the 2018 in the context of some of these longer-term goals that you've set? If we do see a little pickup in mobile in 2018, I think the mortgage solutions, you'll have kind of gotten past the refi, the tough comps that you've been facing last couple of quarters. How should we think about 2018?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. So, Mark, as we normally do, we'll give you a good perspective on 2018 with our fourth quarter earnings call in February. I think all I'm comfortable saying at this point is we feel well positioned to grow profitably next year.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Mark.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: 
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: All right, hearing no further questions this morning, first of all, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We've continued to execute our transformation and remain confident that we are well-positioned for long-term outperformance. We look forward to updating you on our progress in February. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - CCO and CMO Alan Colberg - President and CEO Richard Dziadzio - CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Jimmy Bhullar - J.P. Morgan John Nadel - Credit Suisse Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Hughes - SunTrust
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management’s prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions]  It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thank you, Dan and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2017 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our second quarter 2017 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com.  We'll start today’s call with brief remarks from Alan and Richard before moving into Q&A. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release, as well as in our SEC reports. On today's call, we will also refer to other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com. On today's call, we also will refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Francesca and good morning, everyone. Overall, our second quarter results were solid and demonstrated ongoing progress toward achieving our financial commitments for 2017 and beyond. While global housing experienced higher non-catastrophe losses, our other business segments performed in line with our expectations. For the full year, we remain confident in our ability to maintain net operating earnings, excluding catastrophe losses at 2016 levels and to generate double digit earnings per share growth. This now reflects a revised outlook for our global housing and corporate segments, which Richard will discuss in greater detail.  We are also well on our way to completing the $1.5 billion return of capital to shareholders by the end of 2017. As we progress through this year, we will continue to focus on leveraging our capabilities to expand in key housing life style markets to offset declines in our lender placed and legacy businesses. Let me now share a few recent highlights beginning with global lifestyle. Within connected living, we continue to strengthen our leadership position across the mobile ecosystem. Earlier this month, we launched a protection plan with Comcast for its Xfinity mobile. Going forward, Xfinity mobile customers can access a premier suite of protection, support and upgrade services for their mobile devices. It's one of the most comprehensive protection offerings available including coverage for accidental damage, loss and theft, as well as access to our technical support platform and self diagnostic tools.  In addition, Xfinity iPhone users have full access to Apple Care Services. We are also continuing to expand our mobile franchise globally. As an example, we launched a new mobile and gadget protection offering in France with [indiscernible] and electronic retailer at more than 350 stores in France. This program helped consolidate our position in France as a leading provider of mobile and extended service contract sold through affinity partners. These new partnerships along with contributions from existing clients are expected to produce profitable growth in 2018 and beyond. Now let’s look at global housing. Despite the absence of reportable catastrophes in the quarter, results were impacted by a substantial level of weather-related claims including various ISO events. While individually these events did not reach our reportable catastrophe threshold of $5 million pretax, they were nonetheless significant and serve as a reminder of the inherent variability of weather and the need for adequate protection for consumers. This quarter we finalized our $1.4 billion catastrophe reinsurance program, reducing Assurant’s financial exposure, while protecting more than 2.8 million homeowners and renters in the US and Latin America against severe weather and other hazards. We purchased the coverage on attractive terms to ensure we continue to protect their homes and personal property. Looking at our multifamily housing business, we again delivered double digit revenue growth year-over-year as we continue to expand our share with affinity partners and property management companies in the US. We now partner with more than half of the top 50 PMCs. To sustain our leadership position we've invested in enhancing the consumer experience with more digital and serve-service capabilities. We're also identifying potential international markets to capitalize on global rental trends.  Strong results in our multifamily housing business helped to offset weaker performance in mortgage solutions where market demand for origination and field services remain soft. In response, we've reduced expenses and are continuing to implement technology enhancements to drive additional efficiencies long term.  So let’s look now at how we are performing against the key financial measures we use to track our progress. Net operating income, operating earnings per diluted share and operating return on equity all exclude reportable catastrophe losses given the inherent volatility of such events. Through the first six months of this year, our net operating income decreased 8% to $197 million, primarily due to expected declines in lender placed. Despite lower earnings, operating earnings per share of $3.51 increased 5% from the first six months or 2016 driven by share buyback activity.  Annualized operating ROE excluding AOCI was 10%, down from 10.5% for full-year 2016 reflecting higher average equity this year. At the end of June, our holding company capital totaled $625 million with $375 million available for deployment. During the past 18 months, we’ve now returned nearly $1.3 billion of capital to shareholders representing 85% of our stated commitment, while continuing to maintain a strong balance sheet. While we will continue to evolve our business as we build a stronger Assurant, we believe 2017 will represent the last major year of our multi-year transformation. We remain focused on driving profitable growth in 2018 and delivering on our long-term objectives for 2020. Our attractive business portfolio, innovative offerings and strong client partnerships, together with a more efficient and effective operating model are expected to deliver greater and more diversified earnings. This should in turn continue to provide for strong cash flow generation and greater flexibility in capital deployment. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review our second quarter in more detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan and good morning. Let's start with a look at global housing. Earnings totaled $56 million compared to $57 million in the prior year period as declines in our lender placed insurance business were mostly offset by lower reportable catastrophe losses. While we did not have any reportable catastrophe losses in the quarter, we had a $10 million impact after-tax from a higher non-catastrophe loss ratio. This stemmed in part from wind and hail damage related to 15 ISO events, all of which fell below our reportable threshold. Looking at our key metrics, the combined ratio for our global housing risk-based businesses improved 30 basis points to 87%. This primarily reflects the absence of reportable catastrophe losses this quarter compared to $25 million pretax in the same quarter last year. This was partially offset by higher non-catastrophe losses and additional expenses to support new lender placed loans. The pre-tax margin for our fee-based capital light businesses increased to 11.7%, up 50 basis points from the prior year period. This was due to growth in multifamily housing, largely through expansion within our affinity channels.  While the performance of our mortgage solutions business improved from earlier this year, second quarter results remain soft due to continued weak demand for new loan originations and field services. Actions taken in the first half of the year reduced expenses and helped mitigate margin pressure. Turning to revenue, second quarter net earned premiums and fees in global housing decreased 2%, primarily due to a 26 basis point year-over-year decline in the placement rate in our lender placed insurance business. We expect ongoing reductions to the placement rate in the range of 6 to 7 basis points per quarter through the end of 2017. This is driven by client mix, including a higher concentration of loans with lower than average placement rates. As we move into 2018, we expect placement rate declines to moderate. Looking at our fee based capital light businesses, multifamily housing revenue increased 15% during the second quarter. This reflects growth in renters policies sold through our affinity and PMC channels where we now serve more than 1.6 million renters nationwide. In mortgage solutions, fee income was down 12% year-over-year, primarily related to weaker market demand and client volume for originations and field services. However, on a sequential basis, the income increased by 14%, reflecting seasonality and additional working days. For the full year 2017, we anticipate continued declines in global housing, net earned premiums and earnings, excluding catastrophe losses. Lower premiums in lender placed as well as weaker demand within mortgage solutions will present additional headwinds in the second half of this year. While expense initiatives are already underway, we do not expect that they will fully mitigate the impact of lower revenue in 2017.  Overall, we remain focused on driving profitable growth in multifamily housing and realizing operating efficiencies across global housing to deliver on our long term target of 20% ROE for the segment. Now, let’s move to global lifestyle. The segment’s earnings decreased by $10 million to $40 million. This was attributable to an $18 million one-time tax benefit recorded in the second quarter of 2016. Absent this item, earnings increased $8 million, primarily reflecting higher contributions from our Connected Living business, partially offset by less favorable loss experience within vehicle protection. Specifically, Connected Living results benefited from ongoing expense savings, a one-time adjustment from an extended service contract client and modest growth within mobile as we ramped up new programs globally.  Revenue for this segment overall decreased, entirely due to a $138 million reduction in net earned premiums associated with the change in a client program structure implemented late last year. As a reminder, this change also extended our relationship with an important Connected Living client and had no impact on earnings. Excluding this change, revenues from global lifestyle were up $59 million or 8%. We were pleased to see growth across all of our key lines of business globally, while this was partially offset by foreign exchange volatility largely associated with the pound. Turning to key performance metrics, the combined ratio for the risk-based businesses, which include vehicle protection and credit insurance rose 120 twenty basis points to 97% driven by less favorable experience in vehicle protection. We expect our combined ratio to remain within a range of 96% to 98% long term. The pretax margin for our fee-based connected living business rose to 6.4% from 3.2% last year, approximately 100 basis points of this increase was driven by the change in the client program structure referenced earlier. The balance reflected expense savings with an extended service contracts, the onetime adjustment referenced earlier, and growth in mobile, which was partially offset by investments to support new program launches. For the full-year 2017, we continue to expect segment net operating income to increase from connected living, driven primarily by growth in mobile in the second half to 2017. Growth in our vehicle protection business is also expected to be a driver, along with expense management efforts already underway across global lifestyle. All of this is expected to help mitigate declines in legacy businesses. While earnings may fluctuate quarter-over-quarter depending on volumes, loss experienced, and investments required to support growth, we are confident that the segment will continue to deliver earnings growth of 10% or more on an average annual basis in the long term.  Now, let’s turn to global preneed. Earnings increased $2 million to $13 million primarily reflecting higher fee and investment income, partially offset by expenses. Total revenue for preneed increased by 7% driven largely by growth within our Canadian preneed business. New face sales this quarter decreased by 3% year-over-year reflecting lower volumes in final need policies. We believe this is just normal quarterly variability. Year-to-date, total face sales were up 1%. In 2017, we continued to expect fee income and earnings to increase in preneed, driven by growth across North America and by operational efficiencies. Moving to corporate, net operating loss decreased by $9 million to $11 million. As a reminder, in the second quarter last year, we incurred higher taxes and fees associated with employee benefits. Corporate expenses were also lower this quarter. We now expect our corporate net operating loss for this year to total approximately $60 million, a reduction of $11 million from 2016. Key drivers are lower tax and employee-related costs as well as reduced corporate expenditures. Moving on to capital, we ended the quarter with approximately $375 million in deployable capital. We upstream $160 million of capital to holding company during the quarter. This included $89 million in dividends from our operating segments and $71 million of capital from health and employee benefits. We continue to expect operating segment dividends to approximate segment earnings for the full year and in addition to receive approximately $15 million more from health employee benefits as we lease residual capital. During the second quarter, we returned $142 million to shareholders with $112 million returned via share buybacks and the remaining $30 million through common stock dividends. Also in July, we repurchased another $25 million of our stock. To summarize, we’ve continued to make good progress in the second quarter and we delivered solid results. We remain focused on delivering on our commitments to shareholders for the full year and on driving profitable growth in 2018 and beyond. And with that operator please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Jimmy Bhullar: So I had a few questions. First, given the sort of change in the makeup of your LPI book, how do you think about placement rates and if we stay in this type of a housing environment, barring a major correction, where do you think that rate will stabilize? I think you said at 1.8% to 2.1% in the past, but it seems like it will drift a little bit lower than that, partly given some of the new loans that you've taken on that have a naturally lower placement rate and then I have a couple of other ones as well?
Alan Colberg: All right. So Jimmy, let’s take that one and then we’ll come back and you can carry on with the question. So if you think about the 1.8% to 2.1% placement rate that we put out, we put that out at 0.11. And that was a three to five year outlook for where we thought placement rates would go. It's actually taken us six years to get into that range, given how the foreclosure crisis played out in the market. The way to think about it longer-term, this business is countercyclical. So as long as the housing market continues to improve, you'll see gradual declines in placement rates, although we do expect that to moderate as we get into 2018. And then if we do get into any kind of housing issues again in the future, we'll see placement rates growing. But for now, expect continued gradual declines in the placement rate moderating as we get into 2018.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on the mortgage solution results, they improved sequentially, but premium growth was still negative. So how much of it do you attribute just to lower originations versus maybe a loss of market share or lower demand for the type of services that you provide.
Richard Dziadzio: It’s Richard Dziadzio. Yeah. I think when we look at mortgage solutions, I would say we talked about the headlines - the headwinds that we had last time in the quarter. Certainly, we have continued headwinds in both the originations, field and asset services, but I would say we do feel that things have stabilized now. And in terms of quarter-to-quarter, we were up 15%. Part of that is just as I mentioned in my earlier notes, additional working days, but in addition to that, we are investing as we said in technology and operating efficiencies. So longer term, we're still feeling good about the area.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly on capital deployment, I think if I look at your 1.5 billion capital deployment guidance for ’16 and ’17, it implies buybacks of roughly 175 million or so in the second half, so a slower pace than where you've been recently. Under what scenarios, what do you do less than that, seems unlikely, but under what scenario would you do less than that and likewise is there a possibility that as you go through this year, barring no additional deals that you end up doing more than the 175 or the 1.5 billion total?
Alan Colberg: So, Jimmy, I think I'd start by saying we are focused on delivering on our commitment to return $1.5 billion to shareholders through 2016 and 2017. That's our number one focus. We will always look at how much excess capital we have and what's the greatest value we can provide to our shareholders, either through investing in organic growth, selectively doing M&A as you've seen us doing or returning the capital and we’ll continue that philosophy. But our number one priority is to deliver on that commitment to return the 1.5 billion.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Nadel with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Nadel: I had a couple for you guys. Richard, I believe you mentioned, but I might have just missed it, the significant non-cat weather, I think you referred to $10 million. I'm not sure if that's a discrete higher level of losses in the second quarter or if that's just explaining the variance year-over-year. Can you give us a little bit more color?
Richard Dziadzio: In terms of the non-cat ratio, it was up and you are correct, we talked about it being up 10% in the quarter. And that's an after-tax, after-tax number. And in fact, what we saw and really what we see in the market is there was, I would call it, a lot of weather in Q2, but we didn't have such weather to the extent that any one storm came up to our reportable catastrophe level. So we didn't have any storms over $5 million that hit us. So really what you see when you look at our total combined operating ratio, you see we came in at 87% and that's against 87.3% last year. So I guess all-in, we’re kind of at the same level.
John Nadel: Yeah and that was going to be my next point, right. I think if I recall, I just want to confirm this. I think the target for the risk business there is 86 to 88. So that's inclusive of cat, so we're kind of there right?
Alan Colberg: Yes, you’re exactly right.
John Nadel: Next one just a housekeeping item, the onetime contract adjustment in the extended service contract business, I think you mentioned a favorable item related to a single contract. Was that of any note in terms of size?
Richard Dziadzio: It was relatively small, the onetime adjustment, you know, we talked about some last quarter, it was a true up, when we go back and we work with the clients and true things up. For this one, it was an extended service contract as I mentioned. And the amount of the impact was $2.6 million after tax.
John Nadel: And then I guess one bigger picture question, $100 million expense save target that I think you guys have talked about. I don't recall specifically the time frame, but can you give us an update on where you stand against that bogey, how we should think about the remainder of the delivery of that expense save over time?
Alan Colberg: So, the way to think about 100 million, we set that out in Investor Day last year as a 2020 target. So by 2020 we get to 100 million of gross savings run rate. And we have committed that at our next Investor Day which is likely early next year, we’ll give a lot more granularity on progress. But I think we feel good about the momentum there. You say some of the impact coming through in our corporate expense line that's one of the reasons why we were able to lower the corporate loss this year. You've seen our connected living margin expanding, it's up I think almost 300 basis points versus a year ago. That's part of that, we are also investing though in the short term. So for example this year we've been standing up and rolling out a procurement capability across Assurant and that's not going to generate any savings in the short term, but will be a significant driver or any net savings in the short term, but it will be a significant drive over time. So we feel like we're on track, but the majority of those benefits are going to flow through in the future years.
John Nadel: And then the last one for you, and I don't know how much you can or can't talk about this, but the Xfinity contract sounds really intriguing. I'm just curious whether you can give us any sense for the potential size of that contract over time in terms of impact to revenues or margins or how to think about that?
Alan Colberg: So first of all we're very excited to be in partnership with Comcast, it's a great addition to our client portfolio and we're well positioned to grow with them as they grow in this business. They have I think 15 million odd potential - I think that's a right number, but they have a large number of customers, so we have the potential to penetrate. And if we're successful, this could be a very meaningful program over time.
John Nadel: And I'm sorry, you said fifteen million?
Alan Colberg: Maybe 25, it's either 15 or 25, apologizes, but it’s a large number.
John Nadel: Either one is a good number, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weiss with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Seth Weiss: Most of my questions have been asked, but maybe just a couple of follow ups here. Just on the placement rate discussion in LPI, with the 6 to 7 basis points moderation, obviously it will come below that range. Can you just comment how much of that is a business mix issue in terms of taking on this lower pricing rate business and how much of that is perhaps what I would maybe categorize as the legacy portfolio coming in lower than what you originally anticipated.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning, Seth. It’s Richard. I'll take the question. In fact what we've been talking about over time is the 4 to 5 basis point decline in the placement rate. And that I would say really is the reflection of market conditions and Alan mentioned it earlier in his comments about the improvement in the macroeconomic environment, in particular the housing market. What we're seeing today and mentioned earlier is we do have a mix of business, a different mix of business now. As you know, we brought on new clients at the end of last year and we talked about it at that time in terms of the overall placement rate being lower. So as we see that working through, we're really updating the placement rate from going from 4 to 5 per quarter to 6 to 7 per quarter for the rest of 2017. And then as Alan mentioned earlier in his talk, we do see that moderating in 2018.
Seth Weiss: Okay. So the moderation maybe going back to more of that historic 4 to 5 decline until we get a turn in the cycle. Is that fair to say or moderation maybe even -?
Richard Dziadzio: No. I think that's our current thinking is the 4 to 5 longer term, but again it's macroeconomic environment, business mix, et cetera.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. And as we get into our planning for next year and as always with Q4 earnings, we’ll provide a much more specific outlay of decline next year.
Seth Weiss: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just a big picture question on the ROE and the long term growth targets set back in early 2016 at the last Investor Day, you’ve revised that guidance, not that guidance, but you revised your general guidance a couple of times, particularly related to certain fee based type products in the subsequent quarters here. So in that light, can you just discuss what's gone better than expected from when you set that guidance in ’16, what's gone perhaps worse than expected and if you would still categorize the 15% long-term EPS goal as attainable?
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. So Seth, first of all, I don't think we've changed other than the adjustment for the client contract change, so we did raise the Connected Living margin because the client contract changed the group geography’s accounting. So we haven't changed our outlook from 2016 Investor Day that I'm aware of.
Seth Weiss: I meant some of the specific business lines in terms of the tweaks you give on a quarterly basis, but not unchanged to that longer term guidance obviously.
Richard Dziadzio: Okay. And the only one we even changed on those I think was Connected Living because of the change in client contract. But if I go to the broader issue, so the most important commitment in our mind is grow earnings. And this year, as we've said, we now expect to be flat and we're well positioned for profitable growth in 2018 and beyond. The second commitment was grow EPS by 15% on average. We didn't achieve it last year. We are on track this year to deliver double digit EPS growth and if we can grow earnings and continue capital deployment, we’ll be positioned to grow EPS over time. And then we talked about gradually improving ROE to 15% by 2020. That's really a combination of where we do have quite a bit of excess capital today, that's depressing the ROE in the short term combined with the growth in earnings, combined with the rotation as we add more lower capital intensive growth, we can see line of sight over time to that. And then the other major commitments we've made like the $1.5 billion capital return, we’re $1.3 billion through that at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: It seems like the outlook iPhone shipments is robust as we go through the next few quarters, especially later this year, early next year. Is there anything you see in the channel that suggests more optimism, more potential for stepped up activity? Is that potentially a driver for the mobile business for you?
Alan Colberg: So Mark, the release of new phones is always a significant event for us. It's too early to tell exactly what Apple will release and when they'll release and when they'll have availability, but the good news for us is it will be a significant contributor, exactly when and how much, it's too early to say.
Mark Hughes: Right. And I'm sorry I missed the early part of the call. You had mentioned in the press release higher losses in the vehicle protection business, a less favorable experience. Could you talk that for a second? Is that just kind of variability in the business or are you seeing some underlying changes?
Richard Dziadzio: It's Richard. And yes, we did mention that in fact during the quarter, we had some increased losses from part of the - one of the products that we have in vehicle protection service business and it actually brought the loss ratio up to 97%. So we were at 92% last quarter. It didn't bring it up but I would say that our long-term expectation is that that business would be in the 96% to 98%. And we’re also seeing some good growth on the topline there as well.
Mark Hughes: How about new business trends in vehicle, is that low to mid, are you still seeing growth here in the new warranty?
Richard Dziadzio: We're still seeing growth really from a combination of things. Our business mix is as much on used cars as new cars. So, changes in new car sales don't immediately affect our business. The other thing about this business is the way it earns. So sales that we've made often don't start to show through our earnings for a period of time. Could be years depending on the nature of the program. So we've been expanding our market share both in the US and outside of the US and we've got good momentum and growth in that business which is continuing.
Operator: And we have no further questions at the time. I will now turn it back to the presenters for closing remarks.
Alan Colberg: Thanks Dan and thanks everyone for participating on today's call. To recap with another solid quarter, we’ve continued to execute our transformation and remain confident in our outlook for 2017. We look forward to updating you on our progress later this year. In the meantime, please reach out to Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Assurant, Inc. Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc. Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.
Analysts: Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Chief Communication Officer and Marketing Officer. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2017 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our first quarter 2017 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. As a reminder, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, we revised our reportable segments to align with the company's new global operating model. As a result, our reportable segments now comprise, Global Housing, Global Lifestyle, Global Preneed, and Corporate. Net operating income includes contributions from these four reportable segments, as well as interest expense. Operating results exclude Health runoff operations, the divested Employee Benefits, and amortization of deferred gains from dispositions, and other items that do not represent the ongoing operations of the company. Related prior-period results in the financial supplement and in the news release have been revised to conform to the new presentation. On today's call, we will also refer to other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com. We'll begin the call this morning with prepared remarks before moving to Q&A. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release, as well as in our SEC reports, including our Form 10-K. I will now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Thanks, Francesca. Good morning, everyone. Overall, we delivered solid results in the first quarter of this year. Global Lifestyle reported strong earnings, better than we had expected. While segment results were helped by some one-time items in the quarter, we were pleased with our underlying performance. Overall for Assurant this year, we continue to believe that our total operating earnings, excluding catastrophe losses, will be generally level with 2016, and that operating earnings per share will increase double digits. As we move through 2017, we expect to see continued growth across our targeted areas, as well as in vehicle protection. Our success has been largely driven by our ability to adapt to evolving client and consumer expectations. Extending our competitive advantage, we'll require ongoing investments in our technology infrastructure and other capabilities. Across Assurant, expense management efforts are ongoing, and remain central to our culture of continuous improvement. We've identified savings to fund our technology enhancements and moderate the impact from expected declines in lender-placed and legacy businesses. Overall, though results may vary by quarter, we are confident that growth in our targeted areas, together with expense efficiencies, will enable us to deliver on our commitments for 2017. And importantly, we believe our transformation is solidifying a foundation for profitable growth and ongoing cash flow in 2018 and beyond. Let me now offer a few updates from the first quarter. In Global Housing, we completed the first client beta implementation of our new lender-placed platform. This represents a milestone for the business. Work began several years ago in partnership with our clients, when we saw the opportunity to create greater standardization, while providing an even better customer experience. During the course of this year and next, we will be transferring other clients onto this new platform, enabling us to deliver efficiencies long term as we work to mitigate the impact of lender-placed normalization. Mortgage solutions posted weaker results for the quarter, driven by softer than excepted demand. We took action in the quarter to reduce variable expenses, and are implementing a number of technology enhancements to strengthen the business and support growth long term. In multi-family housing, year-over-year, we increased our policies in force by more than 200,000 to nearly 1.6 million. Turning to Global Lifestyle, first quarter results came in better than anticipated. Overall, we were pleased with the segment's underlying performance, which benefited from higher contributions from service contracts in vehicle protection and Connected Living. Despite less favorable experience in Europe, our mobile business performed largely as expected. To sustain momentum, we'll continue to focus our efforts on innovation to anticipate both client and consumer needs. As an example, we worked with T-Mobile to launch a new premium device protection plan that now includes AppleCare services. We believe this unique offering makes for a better consumer experience, by providing 24/7 priority access to AppleCare services technical support, as well as device repair or replacement through Apple. We're proud of our ability to act as a catalyst, bringing together leading companies in the mobile arena to deliver new and compelling offerings. And as our mobile business continues to ramp up, the wind-down of Assurant Health is now essentially complete. In the first quarter, the runoff of claims was faster than expected, and we collected all outstanding net recoverables related to the 2015 ACA risk mitigation programs. I want to thank the employees and leadership at Health for their tremendous efforts over the last couple of years to ensure a successful wind-down. Let me now provide an update on our progress, as measured by our three key financial metrics: net operating income, operating earnings per diluted share, and operating return on equity. All metrics exclude reportable catastrophe losses given the inherent volatility of weather. For the first quarter, net operating income decreased $3 million year-over-year to $106 million, reflecting declines in lender-placed, partially offset by better profitability in extended service contracts, and certain one-time items in Global Lifestyle. Operating earnings per diluted share increased 13% to $1.88 for the quarter driven by share repurchase activity. And finally, annualized operating ROE excluding AOCI was 10.8%, up from 10.5% at year-end. Continuing to grow fee-based capital-light offerings will be an important driver of ROE expansion by 2020. Our balance sheet also remains strong. At the end of March, we had $605 million of holding company capital after returning $135 million to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. Our capital position allows us to continue investing in our businesses, organically and through select acquisitions. We're also meeting our commitment to return $1.5 billion to shareholders by the end of this year. Overall, we're encouraged by the progress we're making in our transformation, as we build an even stronger Assurant for the future. I'll now turn the call over to Richard to review segment results for the quarter in greater detail. Richard?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you, Alan, and good morning. Let's start with a look at Global Housing, which produced earnings of $62 million, down $14 million from the same period last year. The change was primarily driven by declines in lender-placed as well as softer results within mortgage solutions. A combined ratio for Global Housing risk-based businesses increased 220 basis points to 82.9%. Lower placement rates in the lender-placed business as well as higher expenses to onboard new client loans drove the increase. The first quarter of 2017 benefited from more favorable loss experience. Reportable catastrophes losses totaled $900,000 pre-tax, net of $5.2 million of favorable reserve development related to Hurricane Matthew. The pre-tax margin for our fee-based capital-light businesses decreased 220 basis points to 8.8%. Weaker performance in mortgage solutions coming from softer market conditions, originations and field services, coupled with lower client volumes, contributed to the decline. As Alan discussed earlier, we are right-sizing expenses in mortgage solutions, while at the same time implementing technology enhancements to drive additional efficiencies long term. Meanwhile, our multi-family housing business continue to grow profitably, largely through expansion within our affinity channels, as well as more favorable loss experience. Turning to revenue. First quarter net earned premiums and fees in Global Housing decreased 8%, primarily due to lower placement and lower premium rates in our lender-placed insurance business. Our placement rate was 1.96% at the end of the first quarter, down from 2% at year-end. This 4 basis point reduction is consistent with trends seen in prior years. Now, let's move to revenue for our fee-based capital-light businesses. Multi-family housing increased 11% during the quarter. This reflects double-digit growth in renters' policies sold to our affinity channels and property management network. In mortgage solutions, fee income was down 20%, primarily related to declining volumes in originations and field services discussed earlier. For 2017, we anticipate continued declines in Global Housing net earned premiums and earnings excluding catastrophe losses. The key variables will be the pace of lender-placed normalization and our progress in driving operating efficiencies near-term. We expect continued profitable growth in our fee-based capital-light businesses overall, with a focus on improving underlying earnings in mortgage solutions. Now, let's move to Global Lifestyle. This segment's earnings increased by $11 million to $52 million, ahead of our expectations for the quarter. This was largely attributable to $7.5 million after-tax of one-time client recoverables within Connected Living and credit, and is representative of our ongoing efforts to improve client mix and profitability internationally. Underlying results were solid across most lines of business. We recorded higher profitability and extended service contracts resulting from favorable experience, expense savings, and a broader shift to OEMs and online channels. Vehicle protection also grew due to prior period sales. Overall earnings growth within Global Lifestyle was partially offset by higher mobile playing costs in Europe, which now have largely been remunerated. Revenue for the segment decreased by 14% entirely due to a $137 million reduction in net earned premiums associated with the change in a client program structure implemented late last year. As a reminder, this change also extended our relationship with an important Connected Living client, and have no impact on earnings. Excluding this change and the client recoverables, revenues for Global Lifestyle were essentially flat as ongoing declines in legacy businesses were offset by higher volumes at vehicle service contracts and growth in our Canadian credit business. Within mobile, growth in covered devices was offset by lower fee income from mobile repair and logistics services. First quarter of 2016 benefited from stronger repair and logistics volumes, driven by the timing of new product launches into the market. Turing to key performance metrics, the combined ratio for the risk-based businesses, which include vehicle protection and credit insurance, improved by approximately 240 basis points to 92.2%, driven largely by client recoverables. In addition, we saw favorable loss experience in credit. Going forward, we expect the combined ratio to trend within the long-term range of 96% to 98%. The pre-tax margin for the fee-based business or Connected Living rose to 7.1% from 4.5% last year. Approximately 230 basis points of the increase was driven by client recoverables, and change in the client program structure referenced earlier. The balance reflected better underlying results in extended service contracts, partially offset by mobile. For the full year 2017, we have not changed our expectations for Global Lifestyle overall. We expect segment net operating income to increase from Connected Living, driven primarily by mobile, as we implement new offerings and expand share with existing clients. Higher profitability from the vehicle protection business is also expected to be a driver, along with expense management efforts already underway across Global Lifestyle. All of this is expected to help mitigate declines in legacy businesses. While earnings may fluctuate quarter-to-quarter depending on volumes, loss experience and other factors, we are confident that the segment will continue to deliver long-term earnings growth of 10% or more on an average annual basis. Now, let's turn to Global Preneed. Earnings increased $4 million to $10 million. But as a reminder, first quarter 2016 results were negatively impacted by $3.9 million coming from an adjustment to reserves and deferred acquisition costs related to an older block of policies. Excluding this adjustment, underlying earnings increased slightly with additional investment income offsetting higher mortality rates. Total revenue for the quarter was up about 3%, while new sales increased by 2% year-over-year. In 2017, we continue to expect fee income and earnings to grow in Preneed, driven by increased production across North America and operational efficiencies. Moving to Corporate. The first quarter net operating loss decreased by $4 million to $10 million. This was due in part to reductions in estimated employee related costs, and additional investment income generated from assets transferred to Corporate after the sale of Employee Benefits. While still early, we continue to expect the Corporate loss to approximate $70 million, as we redeploy most savings this year to support our multi-year transformation. These investments include the implementation of a centralized procurement function, along with investments in technology and other key capabilities. Throughout the year, we will update you on our progress, as we are committed to reducing corporate expenses over time. Moving on to capital. We ended the quarter with approximately $355 million in deployable capital. We upstreamed $43 million of capital to the holding company during the quarter. This included $28 million in dividends from our operating segments, and $15 million in capital from Health. For the full year, we continue to expect operating segment dividends to approximate segment earnings, and in addition to receive approximately $100 million in total from Health and Employee Benefits, as we release residual capital. During the first quarter, we returned $135 million to shareholders with $105 million returned via share buybacks, and the remaining $30 million through common stock dividends. Also throughout April, we repurchased another $38 million of stock, bringing the total amount returned to shareholders since January 2016 to nearly $1.2 billion. To summarize, we've continued to make good progress in the first quarter, and have delivered solid results. We remain focused on delivering on our commitments to our shareholders for the full year, and on driving profitable growth in 2018 and beyond. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is coming from Seth Weiss with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the call. My question is one the mobile business. And if we look at the disclosure around mobile covered devices, it appears flat to year-end. The premium line moves around a little bit because of that program restructure, so I was just curious, if you could guide us about the best way to think about how top line progression in the mobile business, and how we can measure that?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. Certainly, Seth. I mean, first of all, in mobile, I think we felt good about the first quarter. It was in line with what we had expected. As we look through the second quarter and beyond, really three things are going on that will continue to drive performance in that business. One is, we are expanding with our existing clients. In my prepared remarks, I mentioned the rollout with T-Mobile of AppleCare. We're also in the process of launching premium technical support, which is another fee income service with some of our clients. Also, later in the year, we expect significant increase in trading activity, both with carrier promotions, but importantly, the new products that are expected or is excepted at later of the year. And then, finally, we continue to onboard new clients, some of which will impact 2017, the majority of which are going to impact 2018. We actually have a backlog as we implement. And then, finally, the mix is shifting. If you think back a few years, traditionally, that business was a premium business, handset protection, now it's heavily also a fee income business. That just shows up differently in the geography of the P&L. We feel good about the progress of mobile.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, the – we're not going to see a lot of that progression, I guess, within the P&L and the disclosure, if I'm understanding correctly, since only a piece of that comes from on-boarding new clients. Is that the right way to think about it?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: What you'll see, we're disclosing a few of the key metrics now between the number of subscribers which is more of the premium-based fees with the business, and then the number of devices that we have processed through our facilities, but the important thing to focus on is profit.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. And then, I'm not sure if you could comment about share buyback, just considering the amount of excess capital that you have in cash on hand. The first quarter, I guess, was just a little bit late from what I expected. I would have expected a little bit more rapid deployment. So if you could just help us think through sort of the pace of bringing that excess capital back.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Sure. And good morning, Seth. It's Richard. Yeah. Just to maybe back up one step, at the beginning of 2016, we committed to return $1.5 billion to shareholders by the end of this year. As we get through at the end of April, we find ourselves at about having returned $1.2 billion both from share buybacks and dividends. So we're, I would say, sort of well ahead of the pace that we've put for ourselves. And really to answer your question more specifically, in terms of the first quarter, typically in a first quarter, we would be a little bit lighter in things as we see the year evolve and understand how we get through the summer and cat experience and all of that. But we are on track for the $1.5 billion and ahead of the pace.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Hey, good morning, Jimmy.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Good morning.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. So, first question on just the mortgage solutions business. The results this quarter were weak. Do you view that as an anomaly or have your expectations for growth in that business changed at all?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, let me back up a little context on that business, and how we think about it. So we entered these businesses starting about three to four years ago now, really to leverage our strong client partnerships in the housing space. And our thesis was that we could gain share leveraging our partnerships and that worked very well in 2015 and into 2016. Really a couple of things happened late last year, early into this year, none of which changed our long-term perspective on the business. One is market demand has gotten softer than anybody had forecasted, really driven by the uncertainty in the economy and uncertainty on interest rate direction. And then, as we have been implementing our technology upgrades to really bring these businesses together, we've had some short-term client allocation shifts, but they don't fundamentally change how we think about this. So, weaker in the quarter. We are not happy with that, but we took aggressive action as to the leadership of that business. And we still feel very good about the longer term for mortgage solutions.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then on the vehicle service business also, you've seen very strong, generally double-digit growth in that business. This quarter was a little bit of a slowdown. Any color on what happened there?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah, no, I think from quarter-to-quarter, there could be small movements, but we did have some, as you mentioned, some very strong top line growth. We're attracting new clients, and the outlook is still intact for VPS to do well for the full year.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And just lastly, on the share buybacks, I think you have about $540 million remaining in your authorization as of the end of May. Do you expect to complete that this year, by the end of the year? Because that would put you above your initial targets that you had mentioned for capital deployment?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: So, Jimmy, let's make sure everyone is clear on what we committed to in capital deployment, which was to return $1.5 billion through both dividends and buybacks. So we have more than enough authorization in place to deliver on our commitment of $1.5 billion.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No. That's what I meant. I just was trying to get a sense of if you intend to complete the authorization this year.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Not going to comment on that. What we do intend to commit is that we will hit that $1.5 billion that we've committed to return to shareholders. With authorizations, as appropriate, we'll go back to the board for additional authorizations. But bottom line, we feel very good about the capital position. We're going to continue to pursue both growth, funding organic growth and selective M&A, while continuing our long track record of returning capital to shareholders.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, John.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey. Good morning, Alan. Good morning, Richard. Just following up on mortgage solutions first, the revenues there were down 20% year-over-year, but I think if I recall correctly, you actually had an acquisition that should be contributing to that piece of the business, the American Title deal. So, is my recollection right and did that contribute this quarter? And if it did, what was the contribution and how do we think about the revenues on sort of an organic basis there? Because it looks like it slowed down even worse than the 20.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, John. It's Richard. I'll take that one. Yeah, you're referring to the acquisition of American Title, and you're right. It added about $10 million to the revenue line. So you could back that out. It would bring down the overall revenues by 30%, 33% overall.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And so, Alan, whether it's 20% or 33%, either one sounds very significant. I get that you're saying that nothing that's happened here has really changed your long-term outlook. I guess, how do you have that confidence?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, a couple of things. First, we're still bigger than we were when we acquired these companies, even with the disruption that's going on in the market in the short term. And it really was largely driven in originations, which has been affected by the uncertainty in the economy.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: I think the originations were down in that 33%, 34% type range sequentially, but this business is still small, not material to our overall results, and bigger and the thesis has worked out until the last couple of quarters, and we don't see anything that would change that. And then, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are able to quickly adjust the cost structure in this business. So that any problems can be remediated within a quarter or two.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. I mean, that's helpful. So, we should be thinking about originations as really important driver, a data point for this piece of the business. And...
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Certainly important, yes.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. And then, overall, if I think about the longer term target, right, fee-based capital-light within Global Housing, I think you've indicated at your Investor Day a year-and-a-half ago or so that that's expected to be about 35% to 40% of the segment's earnings by 2020. This quarter and I guess recently, it looks like it's sort of a mid-teens contribution. How much in M&A, when you think about the next couple of years and the driver of the growth in the earnings contribution from this piece, how much in M&A is required to get there versus organic growth?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: We don't assume any M&A is required. We believe we'll achieve it through organic growth in both the multi-family housing and the mortgage solutions businesses.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then, last one also focusing here in Global Housing, if I do some math on the lender-placed business, it appears, and I know this is imperfect, but it appears that the premium rate on the lender-placed is down year-over-year about 5% to 6%. Is that about right based on what you guys are seeing in the business? And also as we think about looking forward, how much more pressure should we expect to see on premium rates, before you expect that to stabilize, when you think about that normalization of the business?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, a couple of thoughts there, John. I think the primary driver of our results recently has been the placement rate, and that came down 4 basis points, as the housing market continues to recover quarter-on-quarter. What we said on rates I think is still very much true, which is we're now normal course. We settled multi-state, and that's behind us. We have some states that approve increases based on our experiences, some states that have reductions based on experience. But I wouldn't anticipate any extraordinary trend there.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Is the mid-single digit decline at least on a year-over-year basis, is that about right?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: There is a number of things going on in the lender-placed revenues, as Alan said. It's placement rates, which would be the main driver. So it's placement rates, and then obviously, we have some new clients coming in and so forth. So there is offsetting things and there. So I wouldn't put my finger on one number.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. I'll follow up offline. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue at this time. I will turn the call back to the presenters.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Dan, and thanks, everyone, for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress later this year. Please reach out to Francesca Luthi and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Suzanne Shepherd - VP of IR Alan Colberg - President and CEO Richard Dziadzio - CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Mark Hughes - SunTrust Seth Weiss - Bank of America John Nadel - Credit Suisse Jimmy Bhullar - JP Morgan
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd: Thank you, Carol, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our fourth quarter 2016 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. As noted in the release, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016 we revised our reportable segments to align with the company’s new global operating model. As a result our reportable segments now comprise Global Housing, Global Lifestyle, Global Preneed and Corporate. In addition, we also enhanced our disclosures by adding key segment profitability metrics and other relevant data points to our financial supplement. Most notably we now include the combined ratio for risk based business and the pretax margin for Connected Living, our fee-based capital-light offerings in Global Lifestyle. These metrics enable investors to better track our performance in these critical distances. As a reminder, net operating income includes contributions from Global Housing, Global Lifestyle, Global Preneed and Corporate as well as interest expense. Operating results exclude Health runoff operations, the divested employee benefits business, the amortization of deferred gain from dispositions and other items that do not represent the ongoing operations of the Company. Related prior period results in the financial supplement and news release have been revised to conform to the new presentation. We believe these changes provide a more meaningful representation of our financial and better align with our new operating structure. On today's call, we will refer to other non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are important in evaluating the Company's performance. For more details on these measures the most comparable GAAP measures and the reconciliation of the two please refer to the news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com. We will begin our call this morning with prepared remarks before moving to Q&A. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC report including Form 10-K. and 10-Q. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks Suzanne. Good morning everyone. Our performance for fourth quarter of 2016 was in line with our expectations. While net operating income was lower driven by higher reportable catastrophes and lender-placed normalization, Global Lifestyle performance improved year-over-year. As we reflect on 2016, we view the year as one of transition. Our efforts were focused on implementing the critical building blocks of our transformation and continuing to position the company for long-term profitable growth. The progress made this year to complete our portfolio realignment and implement a new organizational framework will allow us to do three things. First, continue to expand in our targeted growth areas. Second, develop innovative solutions for our clients and consumers. And third, realize efficiencies in 2017 and beyond. While we have more work to do this year, the foundational elements are in place and have made us a stronger Assurant. In 2016, we established the global business unit structure and completed the realignment of our technology, risk, strategy and finance organizations. In addition, our enterprise transformation office has already begun to help ensure we capture the value from more integrated global enterprise. A key milestone in our portfolio realignment includes the wind-down of Assurant Health which is now substantially complete. We received the majority of the risk mitigation payments due from CMS including a $14 million payment in January and have only $17 million in net receivables still outstanding. At the end of December, less than 200 policies remained. And in the fourth quarter, we received an additional $120 million in dividends from Health totaling $458 million for the year. These dividends along with nearly $900 million from the sale of employee benefits contributed to our strong capital position. As did another $350 million dollars from our operating segments. This allowed us to both return capital to shareholders and to invest in the housing and lifestyle markets where we believe we can outperform long term. Let’s shift now to some business highlights for the quarter and the year. In Global Housing, we strengthened our leadership position in the manufactured housing market with the Green Tree Insurance Agency acquisition. With nearly $40 million in annualized revenues and $25 million in expected incremental premium, Green Tree expands our voluntary housing offering and deepens our alignment with this leading mortgage company. In late December, we reached an agreement related to the lender place multi-state market conduct examination and a separate agreement with the Minnesota State Insurance Department. In addition to settlement payments, the agreed modifications put into practice various procedures already largely implemented across Assurant lender-placed business. We are pleased to resolve these regulatory matters. Over the course of the year we continue to invest in the transformation of our lender-placed platform to further enhance our strong customer service offering. We also increased our loans tracked to 36 million, up 8%, further solidifying our leadership position in this market. Turning to our housing fee-based capital-light businesses. Multifamily housing increased revenues by 14% to $320 million in 2016. We now protect almost 1.5 million renters across the growing property management network and infinity relationship nationwide. Additionally, mortgage solution is investing in key technology enhancements to support continued growth across field and valuation services. And we added products and services through the acquisition of American Title. In 2016, the business grew fee income by 14% to nearly $330 million. Multifamily housing and mortgage solutions now account for 28% of the segment’s revenue. And we continue to expand our business with new and existing clients while adding innovative offerings. In Global Lifestyle, we reinforced our competitive position in the mobile industry where we now protect nearly 32 million devices worldwide. In 2016, we processed 8.8 million devices at our repair and logistics operations in the US helping to drive nearly 20% growth in fee income for Global Lifestyle. Recently, we also made a small investment in mobile device and asset disposition in South Korea, strengthening our footprint in Asia, an important priority for Assurant. In addition to this acquisition, we also grew organically through expanded relationships and new offerings across mobile carriers, e-commerce and OEM distribution channels. At the same time, we are continuing to manage the impact of declines in legacy businesses. Our focus remains on ensuring we have the appropriate platforms and cost structures in place across our operations worldwide. These factors in addition to increasing scale are important to margin expansion over time. In Global Preneed, we now provide pre-funded funeral insurance to 1.9 million policyholders across North America. Our breadth and depth of experience in this area along with our long-term partnerships gives us the scale and data that enables us to help our clients grow their business. Our integrated approach also allows us to be a single point of contact for the [indiscernible] home offering us seamless experience for the end consumer. As we continue to make progress in our multi-year transformation, performance is measured against three key financial metrics; net operating income, operating earnings per diluted share and operating return on equity. All of these metrics exclude reportable catastrophe losses given the inherent volatility of the weather. For full-year 2016, net operating income decreased by 9% to $379 million primarily due to the expected decline of lender-placed. Despite lower income, operating earnings per diluted share increased modestly to $6.12, up from $6.06 in 2015, driven by our disciplined capital deployment. Full-year operating ROE excluding AOCI was 10.5%. Fee-based capital-light offerings now represent 52% of revenue. Continuing to grow these businesses will be an important driver in achieving our goal of 15% ROE by 2020. At the end of December, holding company capital totaled $775 million. This is after returning $995 million to shareholders in 2016. We have now delivered two thirds of our commitment to return $1.5 billion of capital through dividends and buybacks by the end of 2017. We also deployed approximately $210 million in strategic investments last year to strengthen our offerings, capability and distribution in housing and lifestyle. As we look ahead to 2017, we expect Assurant’s net operating income excluding reportable catastrophe losses to be roughly level with 2016 earnings also excluding cat losses. Growth in Connected Living, multifamily housing, mortgage solutions and our vehicle protection business will offset declines in lender-placed and other legacy businesses. We are already realizing savings from our enterprise transformation projects while in the short term, we are investing in procurement, IT and other initiatives that will drive profitable growth over time. We also expect to grow operating earnings per share excluding catastrophe losses by double digits this year primarily due to the share repurchase activity already executed throughout 2016. Over the long-term, we are committed to growing net operating income and generating 15% average annual growth in operating earnings per share. We're confident the progress made in 2016 will enable us to produce meaningful operating earnings growth longer term as we progress further toward our 2020 objectives. We believe our attractive business portfolio and a more efficient operating structure will produce more diversified earnings while continuing to generate strong cash flow to support our disciplined capital management strategy. I’ll now turn the call over to Richard to review results for the quarter and the outlook for 2017 in greater detail. Richard?
Richard Dziadzio: Thank you, Alan. And good morning everyone. Before I begin I want to remind everyone that unless specifically mentioned all of my comments are related to fourth quarter 2016 as compared to the prior period last year. Overall, as Alan said Assurant results came in as we expected. We'll start with Global Housing which produced earnings of $10.8 million including $44 million of reportable catastrophe losses related to Hurricane Matthew. Excluding Cat losses net operating income was down $13 million. This was due to continued lender-placed normalization and additional regulatory expenses. The combined ratio for Global Housing risk-based businesses increased 15% to 105% driven by higher Cats. Excluding Cat losses, the combined ratio was 88.8%, up 2 percentage points. This was the result of higher regulatory and new client onboarding expenses. More favorable non-Cat losses related to lower frequency and severity of claims were modestly offset. Multifamily housing and mortgage solutions generated a pretax margin of 11.2% down 50 basis points. Expanded profitability in multifamily housing was more than offset by higher expenses needed to support growth in our field services and valuation businesses. Turning to revenue, fourth quarter net earned premiums and fees in Global Housing decreased 5% primarily due to lower placement and lower premium rates. Our placement rate of 2.13% in the third quarter decreased to 2% at year end. As we mentioned on our last call, we started to onboard 2.7 million loans in the third quarter and lower than average placement rates. These new loans drove about 9 of the 13 basis point decline. The remaining 4 basis point reduction relates to the ongoing lender-placed normalization. Now let’s move to revenue for our fee-based Global Housing businesses. Multifamily housing increased to 11%. This reflects double-digit growth in renter policies sold to our affinity channels and property management network. For mortgage solutions, fee income was up 5% including the acquisition of American Title. If we exclude the acquisition, mortgage solutions was down 10% primarily related to lower volumes in field services. As we continue to work toward our 2020 goal of 15% to 20% pretax margins in the housing fee based business. We will continue to invest in technology that supports business expansion, while we also look to create efficiencies. As Alan mentioned, we closed the acquisition of Green Tree Insurance Agency last week. Through this deal Assurant will retain its existing book of volunteer insurance for borrowers serviced by Ditech Financial Services. And we will have the opportunity to write additional housing business all at attractive double-digit margins. Taking into account the amortization of intangibles, we expect this transaction to have minimal impact on Global Housing’s earnings in 2017 and to be accretive over time. For 2017, we anticipate a continued decline in Global Housing premiums and earnings excluding catastrophe losses as we move closer to a normalized steady state and lender-placed. Revenue growth in our fee-based businesses is expected to continue. And overall, we believe these offerings will account for a larger portion of the segments earnings as we capture market share. Additional expense savings from initiatives implemented across our Global Housing are also expected. Longer term, we continue to expect Global Housing to produce a 20% plus operating ROE as we maintain our leadership position in lender-placed and grow our fee-based product and services. Now let’s move to Global Lifestyle. The segment’s earnings increased by $15 million to $35 million. This was largely due to improved performance in mobile and service contracts along with higher investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships. Year-over-year mobile improvement was driven by lower expenses along with a more profitable mix of devices. Revenue in Global Lifestyle decreased by 4% mainly driven by premium declines from a change in program structure for a large service contract client. In addition, revenue was lowered by the impact of foreign exchange and also continued reductions in legacy retailers and credit insurance. This was partially offset by growth in our vehicle protection business as well as fee income from expanded mobile service offerings. In the fourth quarter as I mentioned there was a change in a program structure for a large service contract client. While this change has no bottom line impact it did reduce revenues by $47 million. We expected also to reduce 2017 premium and expenses by $500 million. The revised contract does allow us to deepen our relationship with a long-term client. This change will also affect our Global Connected Living pretax margin which we now expect to increase from 8% to 9.5% by 2020. The combined ratio for the risk-based business which includes vehicle protection and credit insurance increased by approximately 100 basis points to 95.6%. A modest increase in vehicle protection losses was partially offset by better credit loss experience. Overall, the quarterly and full-year combined ratios are within the 96% to 98% range which we would expect to maintain through 2020. The pretax margin for the fee-based business for Global Connected Living was up from negative 1% to a positive 3.7% this quarter. The key drivers were improved performance from both mobile as well as service contracts. In 2017, we expect net operating income in Global Lifestyle to increase. This will come from Connected Living driven primarily by mobile along with higher profitability from the vehicle protection business and expense savings. At the same time, we will continue to manage declines from US credit insurance and lower production from North American retail clients. Net earned premiums in fees for the segment overall will be down for the year due to the client contract change. However, excluding this change, revenue is expected to increase from growth in mobile and vehicle protection. Our results are also subject to the impact of foreign exchange and variability in the mobile market. While fluctuations from year to year are likely, we continue to expect 10% average annual growth in net operating income over the long term. Now let's turn to Global Preneed. Earnings increased modestly to $10.9 million mainly the result of $1.4 million of investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships. Underlying performance of the business was otherwise stable. Total revenue for the quarter was up 7%. This was due in part to sales written in previous years that are now beginning to earn. In 2017, we expect fee income and earnings to grow in Preneed from increased production across North America and operational efficiencies. Before turning to corporate, I did want to point out one additional change. A part of our new segment reporting, the goodwill in former solutions segment was distributed between Lifestyle and Preneed, approximately $140 million of solutions goodwill has been allocated to Preneed as of December 31. Therefore, our previously announced ROE target of 12% is now 11%. Moving to corporate, the fourth quarter loss decreased $10 million to $20 million. The change was due to lower taxes and increased investment income from higher assets at the holding company. This was partially offset by an increase in expenses to support our multi-year transformation. For the full year 2017, we expect the corporate loss to approximate $70 million, as expense savings are offset by investments to support our multi-year transformation. Moving to capital, we ended the quarter with $525 million in deployable capital at the holding company. We received $341 million in total dividends, comprised of $245 million from capital previously supporting the Employee Benefits business and helped run off operations and $96 million from Global Housing, Global Lifestyle and Global Preneed. For 2017, we expect the segment dividends will approximate segment earnings, subject to the growth of the business and rating agency requirements.  In addition, we anticipate receiving about $100 million in dividends from Assurant Health and Assurant Employee Benefits, pending regulatory approval. Our strong cash flow generation during the quarter allowed us to first return $212 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Second, to complete a tender offer for a portion of our senior notes maturing in 2034, reducing deployable capital by $125 million. And finally, to set aside $130 million in advance of the February close of the Green Tree Insurance Agency acquisition as well as for the investment in mobile device capabilities. Through February 3rd, we bought back an additional 378,000 shares for a total of $36 million. So to summarize, there are a few things we want to take away from today's call. 2016 was another critical year in our multi-year transformation. We're making great progress, implementing a stronger and more efficient operating model and we are expanding profitably within our targeted growth areas. All of these elements in aggregate will help position the company for long term profitable growth. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Good morning. Thank you. In the mortgage solutions business, you talked about lower volume in field services. Is this still a growth business for you, do you have any visibility for expanded relationships in that area that can bring in new revenue?
Alan Colberg: Yeah, no, this is absolutely a growth business for us. If you go back to when we made our first acquisitions in this area, about 2.5 years ago, we knew that broadly the market would decline as foreclosure volumes normalize. But we had an explicit strategy to gain share by partnering with the leading companies that are already our partner around lender-placed homeowners. That's worked very well. Part of the issue in Q4, you have some normal seasonality in the field side of the business, where volumes are higher in Q2 and Q3 and lower in Q4 and Q1. But we feel very good about the progress. We have a new leader that just joined to try to really integrate all of the four businesses together and give us a platform to drive even further growth in that business.
Mark Hughes: In the housing business, you talked about higher regulatory expenses, causing the -- contributing to the 200 basis point increase in combined ratio, excluding the CATs. How much of that carries over into 2017 with these settlements, how much is the incremental expense that revenue hit for the coming year?
Alan Colberg: So I think what we've talked about there, the settlement has been fully now reserved for in 2016. So as we make payments under the multi-state settlement, assuming it's fully implemented in March, there's no impact on 2017. And as far as regulatory, at this point, as you've seen, we worked closely with all of our regulators, we cooperate fully when there are issues and questions and we feel appropriate, we're in a good position with our regulars at this point.
Mark Hughes: With the change in business practices, anything like that, does that have an ongoing impact on the margin or is it truly one-time?
Richard Dziadzio: The change in practices have already largely been implemented. We started five plus years ago now evolving the product, evolving our processes, ending things like quota shares that have been in place. So as we reach the settlement with the multi-state, the practices that are moralized there are largely the practices that are already in place.
Mark Hughes: And final question, where do you think now, we bottom out in terms of steady state in the lender placed business. What placement rate and when does that happen?
Alan Colberg: The market is, as we've said, we've been wrong often in the timing of the normalization, but not wrong on really where the normalization is headed. In 2011, when we put out the original 1.8% to 2.1% range, that was looking at the steady state kind of before the crisis. We're getting close to being in that normal range now. The 1.8 to 2.1 will probably update at some point. We have substantially more loans now than we did in 2011. We've added a block, a very large block that is very low placement block, but the way to think about lender placed normalization is we're nearing the end. 2017 is probably the last full year of impact of that normalization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weiss from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Seth Weiss: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Just first on the placement rate in that 1.8% to 2.1% target. I mean should we think of that as directionally being just a little bit lower, just mathematically because of the addition of these 2.7 million low placement rate loans?
Alan Colberg: I think the answer is we still feel good about the 1.8 to 2.1. If we start to see that maybe it could be a little bit lower. We'll update all of you at some point, but right now we still feel good about what we put out.
Seth Weiss: Okay. Great. Thanks. And Richard, I may have missed it. I apologize. The $775 million corporate capital position. I just want to verify that’s net of the $130 million set aside, correct, that's already been taken out of the corporate capital position?
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. That is exactly right, Seth.
Seth Weiss: Great. So as you think about $1.5 billion goal of buybacks and dividends over ’16 and ’17, considering all the pieces of capital you have, which is substantial and considering substantial free cash flow capacity from operating dividends, how should we think about that goal? Is that a moving target which it seems like you could exceed here or should we think about that 1.5 billion as really more of a set target with other money being set aside for perhaps other purposes?
Alan Colberg: So Seth, the way to think about the 1.5 billion was that's effectively the amount of capital that we generated through the sale of employee benefits and the wind-down of health. And we made a commitment to all of our shareholders that over the course of the two years, as that capital came in, we would return its shareholders and that hasn't changed. If you look at the rest of our capital, we have the same ongoing strategy we've always had, which is we're fortunate to have very strong businesses that generate a lot of cash flow. Priority number one is support the organic growth in our targeted growth areas and then the other priorities are continue to return capital to shareholders and look for selective M&A that can deepen or extend in housing and lifestyle. Nothing's changed there.
Seth Weiss: Okay. Great. And then if I could just ask one more on the expense saves and the $100 million target over the long term. I believe that's actually more of a gross number than a net number. So if we’re thinking about kind of the benefits on more of a net basis, how would we think about that?
Richard Dziadzio: Seth, it's Richard. I think what we’ve seen to date and what we’ve talked about to date is the fact that we have started to save, but at the same time, we are in the process of transforming the company. So we’ve done some pretty good things relative to, in our IT area, in our finances, in our COO operation and et cetera. So what we're seeing is during ’16 and as we said, in ’17, there is investment that goes along with this save. After that, we will see the save come out. We are targeting the 100 million in the early years of that. So I think part of it will be absorbed. As we go forward, we’ll set through ’18, ’19, ‘20, we will see some good saves coming out.
Seth Weiss: Okay. So is it fair to categorize that kind of long term beyond 2020 that $100 million should all fall down to kind of the pretax number.
Alan Colberg: We’ve never said that. What we’ve said is that that’s a gross savings target and some portion of that will probably be reinvested continuously, but we expect a lot of it to fall through the bottom line as we get closer to 2020.
Seth Weiss: Okay. That's helpful. I mean, the expense saves is a theme we’re seeing really across the group, but we tend to see it, the longer term targets on a pretty specific net basis, which is why I asked the question between gross and net. So to the extent that you can get refined in the future periods, I think that would be helpful in terms of thinking about the earnings power.
Alan Colberg: Seth, we agree and we recognize that it -- we owe all of our investors some more transparency on that. And as time goes by, we will definitely do that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from John Nadel from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning, Alan. Good morning. I guess my first question is around Global Lifestyle. When you guys laid out your plans or targets for the old Solutions segment, you were talking about 10% on average annual growth in earnings from that segment over a multi-year period of time. That was when the total segment was about $195 million of earnings, inclusive of Preneed. Now, I think the target is still 10% earnings growth on average over time, but also the Global Lifestyle piece, which is earning about $150 million dollars give or take, is that the right way to think about it and to think about a much lower earnings growth rate for Preneed?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So let me just clarify our target and then I'll answer your question specifically John. We put that target out for the legacy solutions in 2013. At that point, the business was making about 130 million. So over the three year period, obviously with some variability, the legacy solutions more than delivered on that commitment, but to your specific question, yes, Preneed is not going to grow as fast as lifestyle, so you should think about the 10% as a lifestyle number going forward.
John Nadel: Okay. So we lose a little bit of absolute dollar earnings, as you look out the next couple of years, unless lifestyle grows faster than that 10%. Is that a fair way for me to be thinking about that?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. That's fair.
John Nadel: Okay. And then you guys have provided us now global covered mobile devices, right, which was up a little over 1% year-over-year by year end 2016. There's not a ton of history there. So can't really get a good sense for what the growth rate will look like over a longer period of time. What kind of growth rate in that particular line item do you guys forecast as sort of part of the underlying driver of achieving that 10% longer term growth in earnings for the segment?
Alan Colberg: So you're absolutely right. There's not a lot of history to look at there, but the way to think about this is we only entered this business really in 2008. And so there's been dramatic growth over that time period and we did on our earnings call, maybe a year ago, a couple of years ago, I think we said we had about 20 million devices at that point in time. So you get a sense over the last couple of years of the magnitude of the growth. And we don't -- I'm not going to put out a specific number on what we expect that metric to grow at, but it's an important metric to look at as we try to just more fully penetrate the mobile ecosystem.
John Nadel: Is it fair though Alan to think about it as you guys probably expect more than 1% annual growth in that number?
Alan Colberg: 2016 was a year where we were still working through the tablet program loss that we've talked about previously, but certainly we have a history over the last eight years of outgrowing the market. And certainly, as we look at the opportunities we have in our various geographies, we still have that opportunity. The other important point is, it’s not just the devices coverage on. We also are now increasingly doing a range of fee income that is not necessarily related to a device that we cover.
John Nadel: Okay. And I'm not sure if that's necessarily a segue to this question, but I was interested in the, I think, you mentioned in your prepared comments that your operations refurbished a little over 8 million devices during calendar 2016, is that about right?
Alan Colberg: Yeah. I think we said 8.8. John, sorry about that. That was up from about 8 million in 2015.
John Nadel: Okay. And it seems to me like that would be part of that other fee income that you just described, is that right?
Alan Colberg: Yes.
John Nadel: Okay. So is that a number that we can maybe track over time.
Alan Colberg: Let me talk through that with our team and if appropriate, we’ll disclose that as well, but let me just look into that.
John Nadel: Okay. And then just bigger picture, Alan, as you think about the flat operating earnings, I guess it's versus about $380 million in 2016, if I had excluded all the CATs. I think one time unusual items of tax benefit, the legal costs, I think those were largely washing on a year-to-date basis. So it feels like 380 million is the right baseline. At first, I guess I'd asked you if that's reasonable. And then second, as you think about flat for 2017, I suspect that that's not the kind of pace that you need and expect longer term, beyond ’17 to get to that 15% ROE target by 2020?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So John, first of all, on the 380, that is roughly the right number to think about. So the way we think about it as we out the outlook that it's going to be flat, if you think about achieving our longer term targets, we need to grow operating earnings and we're very focused on that in addition to the disciplined capital deployment. I think we feel good about 2017. We're absorbing another and hopefully the tail end of lender placed normalization. And we're fully offsetting it for the first time in the earnings of the company through the growth in the areas and some of the efficiencies we are realizing that are starting to fall through to the bottom line. So yes, would we like to do more in 2017? Always. But if you look at that outlook, we feel well positioned coming out of 2017 to really grow earnings in 2018 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar: So just a couple of questions and they’re similar to what's been asked before. But as I think about your long-term EPS growth guidance of around 15% and especially beyond 2018, when you've gotten the -- or ’17 and ’18, when you've gotten the full benefit of the rapid share buyback plan and you're buying back just based on your free cash flow, it would seem like you need to grow your operating income at a mid -- sort of mid to maybe slightly high single digit rate and that just seems hard to imagine, given that a big part of your business isn't going to be going that fast, which is the lender placed business. So where do you really see a lot of growth in the business that you think can offset the slower growth maybe in lender based as well as in Preneed, if you are to achieve your 15% long term target?
Alan Colberg: So, Jimmy, first of all you're absolutely correct. We need to grow operating earnings and that's what we're very focused on as the leadership team. If we get to the future which we expect where we no longer have the drag of lender placed normalization, we're already realizing very strong growth in mobile connected living and vehicle protection services and multi-family housing and in mortgage solutions. And you combine that with the expense efficiencies that we talked about beginning to drop more to the bottom line, that's how we get to the earnings growth that’s needed in 2018 and beyond to deliver our EPS commitment.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then within the lifestyle business, are there areas where you think you're going to see a pickup in growth, beyond what your, obviously ForEx headwind might abate, but beyond that, are you seeing, the mobile business, are there other parts of that business where you’re actually expecting an acceleration in growth, despite the fact that in a year to two years, the business is going to be larger overall?
Alan Colberg: We’ve had strong growth in mobile. We've had strong growth in service contracts on the digital side. We've just been dealing there with the legacy retailers in decline. That's another headwind that we've been facing that's closer to the end, in the beginning. And then if we look at that business, we think we're well positioned to continue to grow across those products, mobile, service contracts, vehicle.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly on buybacks, I think if we look at your guidance for the 1.5 billion of capital deployment in ’16 and ’17, that implies buybacks of around $400 million this year and you can correct if I'm wrong, but then also should we assume that if there aren't any larger deals or a number of small deals that some of your free cash flow would go towards buybacks for this year as well?
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. Good morning, Jimmy. It’s Richard's. Yeah and I think I’d go back to Alan's earlier answer, I mean one of the things that we did earlier last year was we put out that target of 1.5 billion and we got ahead of it in 2016, roughly two thirds and I think your math is correct, saying we have 500 million to go. We have about $100 million in dividend that gives us 400 million left to meet that target that we put out. So we are focused on that and meeting that. But what we’ll do during the course of the year, and we do it off and I can promise you is to look at where we are with our level of deployable capital, look at the internal investments we're making, look at the M&A possibilities that we have and think about the best use of that capital and also in particular, thinking about giving it back to shareholders.
Operator: And we have no one left in queue. At this time, I'll turn the call back to Mr. Colberg for closing remarks.
Alan Colberg: Thank you everyone for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress in May. As always, you can reach out to Suzanne Shepherd with any follow-up questions. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Suzanne Shepherd - Assurant, Inc. Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc. Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.
Analysts: Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co. John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Suzanne Shepherd, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Suzanne Shepherd - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you, Carol, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2016 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Richard Dziadzio, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our third quarter 2016 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. Earlier this year, we revised the earnings release and financial supplement to focus on Housing and Lifestyle. Net operating income reflects contributions from our operating segments, Assurant Solutions, Specialty Property and Corporate, as well as interest expense. Operating results exclude Assurant Health runoff operations, the amortization of deferred gains from dispositions and other variable items. We believe these changes provide a more meaningful representation of our financials and better reflect our go-forward strategy. On today's call, we will refer to other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement available on assurant.com. We'll begin our call this morning with prepared remarks before moving to Q&A. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2015 Form 10-K and first quarter Form 10-Q. Now, I will turn the call over to Alan.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Thanks, Suzanne, and good morning, everyone. Overall performance for the third quarter was disappointing and fell short of our expectations. As we announced last week, the year-over-year decline in earnings was driven by increased catastrophe losses as well as lower-than-expected mobile results. However, we don't believe this quarter is reflective of the long-term potential of our Housing and Lifestyle offerings. Throughout this year, we've implemented the critical building blocks of our transformation. We've done so first by ensuring we're focused on the most attractive housing and lifestyle markets where we can achieve leadership positions and generate attractive returns; and second, by implementing a more integrated organizational framework that will enable us to become more efficient and effective. Starting with Lifestyle, mobile and the broader connected living market offer attractive opportunities for growth. So far in 2016, we've added new partnerships and expanded our fee-based offerings across distribution channels. We're also taking steps to expand margins over time by ensuring we have the appropriate platforms and cost structures in place across our operations worldwide. Critical to this is a more robust technology infrastructure that maximizes our global capabilities. Together, these actions set a stronger foundation for future profitable growth. While we no longer expect Solutions' net operating to increase this year, we remain confident that we have the right strategy, business mix and capabilities to deliver 10% average annual growth and net operating income over the long term. Turning to Housing. We've invested in the transformation of our lender-placed platform to further strengthen our leadership position in this important market. Just this quarter, we added a total of 2.7 million loans from two new clients and the block of loans we announced last quarter. We believe these wins demonstrate our clients' recognition of our strong platform, compliance processes and superior customer service. The severe flooding in Louisiana and Hurricane Matthew are reminders of the importance of our products to homeowners across the country. Our commitment is brought to life by the rigor and dedication of our employees as they assess damages and pay claims as promptly as possible. To date, on behalf of Louisiana homeowners, we process more than 2,000 claims with an over 95% completion rate. In addition, we also help to administer claims for the National Flood Insurance Program as its second largest administrator. Just this month, Hurricane Matthew inflicted severe flooding and wind damage particularly in parts of Georgia, the Carolinas and the Caribbean. Our claims field adjusters were again on site shortly after the hurricane passed through these regions to assess damage and begin processing claims. While it's still very early, we estimate losses from Hurricane Matthew could total up to $70 million after tax. This estimate is still preliminary and we will update the market as we have a more complete view of the impact. The wind-down of Assurant Health is moving along as scheduled and represents another key aspect of our portfolio realignment. In the third quarter, we took an additional $189 million in dividends from Health. These dividends, along with capital releases from the sale of employee benefits, give us the added flexibility to return capital to shareholders and invest in housing and lifestyle markets where we can outperform long-term. In 2016, we also took several steps to transform our organizational model worldwide, focusing on both functional areas and our lines of business. We've now set the foundation for a global business unit structure under the leadership of Gene Mergelmeyer as our Chief Operating Officer. We're also realigning our technology, risk, strategy and finance organizations and expect to have that work completed by year end. As part of that effort, Richard and the finance team are also evaluating our financial reporting framework. We expect changes to be implemented early next year. Our work to transform Assurant and build a strong future is on track. As we look ahead to 2017, our focus will be on profitable growth. To accomplish this, we'll continue to offer innovative products and services to meet consumer needs as well as completing the rollout of our new operating model to enhance efficiency across our global operations and we'll continue to prudently deploy capital to maximize returns. Progress will be measured against three key financial metrics: net operating income, operating earnings per diluted share and operating return on equity. All of these metrics exclude reportable catastrophe losses given the inherent volatility of weather. Through the nine months of 2016, net operating income decreased by 14% to $308 million primarily due to the expected decline of lender-placed, the loss of the tablet program and lower contributions from legacy businesses. Operating earnings per diluted share declined 6% to $4.89 driven by the factors I noted earlier. As we execute our transformation, we expect to grow net operating income and deploy capital prudently to support average annual operating EPS growth of 15% over time. Annualized operating ROE, excluding AOCI, was 11.3%. Expansion of our fee-based offerings will be an important driver to achieve our goal of 15% operating ROE by 2020. At the end of September, holding company capital totaled $875 million after returning $783 million to shareholders through the first nine months of 2016. This return represents more than half of our commitment to return $1.5 billion of capital through dividends and buybacks by the end of 2017. While there is more work to do, we believe our attractive business portfolio, combined with a more efficient operating structure, will produce more predictable, more diversified earnings that will continue to generate strong cash flow. I will now turn the call over to Richard to review results for the quarter and the outlook in greater detail. Richard?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Let's start with Solutions which reported earnings of $43 million. As Alan said, this was below our expectations for the quarter. Excluding a $4.5 million tax benefit in the prior-year period, earnings were down $5 million. The decrease was due to lower than expected contributions from mobile and the anticipated declines in legacy service contracts and domestic credit insurance. Specifically, core mobile results were down by nearly $6 million year over year, largely driven by $3 million of higher technology expenses to modernize certain systems. We also realized lower mobile repair and logistics volumes as customers upgraded or traded in significantly fewer phones this quarter. Declines in legacy businesses accounted for another $3 million. These factors were partially offset by $3 million of higher real estate joint venture income. Turning to revenue, Solutions top line increased by 3% from the prior year period, primarily reflecting fee income, growth from new mobile subscribers. Premiums were also – increased slightly year-over-year. Growth from vehicle service contracts was tempered by declines from certain North American retailers and our domestic credit business. Foreign exchange was also a factor given the depreciation of the British pound and the Argentinean peso. For the full year 2016, we revised our outlook and now expect Solutions earnings to decline modestly from 2015. While fundamentals in our mobile business are promising, in 2016, we no longer expect growth from new and existing programs to offset declines in legacy businesses nor the loss of the tablet program. We are taking steps to help improve Solutions performance in 2017 including more rigorous expense management to generate profitable growth. Let's now move to Specialty Property. Earnings decreased $43 million to $45 million. This is primarily due to two factors. The quarter included $33 million of reportable catastrophe losses from flooding in Louisiana and remaining $10 million related to ongoing normalization of lender-placed. As a result of the catastrophe losses, the combined ratio of our risk-based businesses increased 12 points to 92%. Absent cats, combined ratio was flat year-over-year as lower general expenses helped to offset declining lender-placed premiums. Our fee-based, capital-light offerings that comprised multi-family housing and mortgage solutions generated a pre-tax margin of 9.7%. This was down 5.5 points from the prior-year period. The decrease was mainly driven by higher expenses needed to support growth in our field services and valuation businesses. While we believe we've grown revenues well in excess of the market, we do need to drive greater operating efficiencies across our mortgage solutions platform to deliver our margin target of 15% to 20% by 2020 for all of the property fee-based, capital-light offerings. Turning to revenue. Net earned premiums and fees in Specialty Property decreased 3%, primarily due to lower placement and premium rates in lender-placed, while multi-family housing and mortgage solutions increased by 16%. Diving deeper, multi-family housing revenue increased 10% from the prior year period. This reflects a higher volume of mentors' policies sold through our affinity channels and increased penetration rates across our property management network. For mortgage solutions, fee income was up 22%, including the July acquisition of American Title. Organic growth in the quarter totaled 7% due to greater production from valuation services. Our 2016 outlook for Specialty Property is unchanged. We continue to expect lower revenue and profits, primarily reflecting the normalization of our lender-placed business. As Alan noted earlier, catastrophe losses from Hurricane Matthew will impact our fourth quarter results. Looking ahead to 2017, we anticipate a continued decline of lender-placed revenue in earnings as we move closer to a normalized steady state. The 2.7 million loans onboarded this quarter are expected to produce modest premiums next year, though not enough to offset the overall declining lender-placed market. We also expect ongoing expansion from our fee-based, capital-light offerings to account for a larger proportion of Specialty Property's results. Turning now to Health runoff operations, results were slightly better than anticipated. The $2 million loss in the quarter reflects a slight reduction in estimated recoveries from the 2015 risk mitigation programs which were offset by favorable claims development. Results also included some severance-related costs, as well as other indirect expenses not included in the premium deficiency reserve. Year-to-date, we received $378 million of reinsurance and risk adjustment payments related to the 2015 Affordable Care Act policies. As of September 30, around $99 million of net receivables remained on our balance sheet. We expect CMS to remit the payments for these outstanding balances in 2017. So far this year, we've brought up $338 million to the holding company and dividends from Health. We continue to expect to receive approximately a total of $475 million. Of course, the timing will depend on regulatory approval. Moving to Corporate, the loss for the quarter decreased $9 million to $17 million. This was primarily due to lower taxes and employee benefit costs. For the full year, we still expect the Corporate loss to approximate $70 million. Throughout the year, we've taken steps to increase efficiencies in Corporate such as freezing our pension plan. We also recognize the need for some additional investments to support our transformation, some of which are expected to flow through Corporate in 2017. We will provide more details on our 2017 outlook for all of our operating segments on the fourth quarter earnings call in February. Moving on to capital. We ended the third quarter with $625 million in deployable capital at the holding company. We received $418 million in total dividends in the third quarter, $339 million of dividends from capital previously supporting the Employee Benefits business and Health runoff operations, $79 million from Solutions and Specialty Property. Our strong cash flow generation during the quarter allowed us to do two things. We returned $266 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and we invested $11 million in emerging technologies in the mobile and rental value chains. In the first three weeks of October, we bought back an additional 742,000 shares, bringing the total number of shares repurchased year-to-date to just over 9 million. So, to summarize, while the results were disappointing, we remain committed to executing our transformation strategy to realize our potential to ensure long-term profitable growth in Housing and Lifestyle. Finally, I do want to thank those of you who I've had a chance to meet over the last couple of months at Assurant. I appreciate all your input and support. It's made my onboarding into the company both smooth and productive. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: And the floor is now opened for questions. Your first question comes from Michael Kovac from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Good morning.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. I was hoping you could provide some more granular insight into what's going on or what happened in mobile in the quarter. It sounded like there were a couple of moving pieces in terms of – in part, elevated expenses and in part, some mix shift between either warranty upgrades or repair and logistics revenue. So I'm wondering if you could sort of give us more detail in terms of if that is in fact the case and then a sense how the revenues for each of those different businesses make up sort of the overall pie of what is considered mobile in your reporting.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: All right. Well, let me start and then I'll ask Richard to provide a little more detail. Clearly, it was a disappointing third quarter for us in mobile. However it's not reflective, we think, of the long-term potential. And if you look at the quarter at a high level, the positive was continued growth in subscribers. So, people signing up for our programs and the handset programs. The real negative in the quarter other than the IT, which Richard will talk about, was we just had lower trade-in volumes where people are not – they didn't trade in as many phones for either an upgrade or claim or whatever it might be. And that really varies a bit quarter-to-quarter depending on our client programs, what's going on with competition and timing of new phone introductions availability. So disappointing, but I think forward progress. But you want to go a little deeper on the quarter, Richard?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Sure and good morning, Michael. Yeah, to peel it back a little bit and really to go over what I just mentioned in my remarks, if we look year-to-year, Q3 to Q3, we're down about $9 million. If you take off the previous year tax, that leaves us to about $6 million. And within that, as Alan said, we were down about $3 million, let's say, for repair and logistics. And again, this is – we were just touching fewer phones, fewer trade-ins of those phones. In addition to that, as I mentioned, there were some higher IT expenses. I mean, we are investing in capabilities. We are becoming more agile. We're looking longer term with the business and trying to become more variable, have more variable expenses. So that was one part of it. There's also increased expenses from our legacy business or continued expenses, I guess I should say, from our legacy business, which was offset a little bit from some real estate JV income.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And sort of following up on the expense item there, it sounded like in the prepared remarks, there's sort of a focus in two parts. One, on improving the expense efficiencies and two, maybe some upfront costs in terms of improving the actual underlying technology. Can you give us a sense of your expectation for where you are in that process? Is this an event that's already begun? Should we expect elevated expenses in 2017 relative to 2016? And also a sense of where the geography of those may fall. It sounded like somewhere in Corporate relative to either Solutions or Property.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Michael, I think there's several questions in there. So, let me try to hit them and if I miss anything, please follow up with me. First of all, if I step back and look at churn overall, we're in the middle, as we've talked about, of a multi-year transformation to really reposition this company, addressing the lender-placed normalization and putting us very focused on growth markets and growth opportunities in Housing and Lifestyle. And if you look at 2016, I think a lot of forward progress on that. We've largely completed the repositioning of the portfolio with benefits closed and most of those proceeds now up to the holding company, to help wind down more now complete than not. And the other critical thing we did this year was to realign our organization, which will create the opportunity to really take out effectiveness or improve effectiveness and improve our cost structure over time. If you think about mobile specifically, one of the ways we've been gaining share and we've been gaining share now for multiple years, if you look at this business, it is dramatically bigger and stronger today than it was three years ago. The way we've gained that share is investing in capabilities. So, that's kind of ongoing. This quarter, we had a little bit more than we expected. We made some decisions to continue to invest in technology around things like automating some of our processes, trying to better align our cost structure with some of those variabilities in volumes. And so, again on 2017, we'll provide outlook for 2017 in February, as we always do with our fourth quarter earnings. But at a high level, that's how I think about what's going on.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Nadel from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, John, and welcome back.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning, everybody. So, I think the commentary around the year-over-year impact from mobile, I think, is helpful, but I'm really more interested and I think most of the folks who I've spoken with since your pre-announcement, are more interested in what the driver is of the shortfall in 3Q results relative to your own expectations for the third quarter. And why your guide for the full year seems to anticipate that the pressure in the third quarter persists into the fourth quarter? So, I guess, if there's anything you can do to sort of focus more on that because just last quarter or maybe a quarter before that, you had really had an outlook for pretty robust second half of the year and that changed pretty significantly. So, as opposed to the year-over-year, just more what's happened versus your expectation?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. Really a few things. But let me start with just a comment broadly. As we think about our business and build it over the long term, we do have some quarter-to-quarter variability just naturally with the size of our client programs and some of the businesses we operate in. But really three things were a little bit different than we had expected as we went into the back half of the year in the third quarter. We got good growth out of the new programs that we've announced over the last year or so, but a little bit less than we expected. And that was the shift that began to develop and play out in the third quarter. The IT expenses, really choices we made. As we looked at our spending, we made some decisions to invest more in certain areas because we saw opportunities to deepen and expand capabilities, we think, positions us for the long term. That was a choice we made in the quarter. And then we were a little bit surprised that the whole industry was on the decline in trading activity in the third quarter. That could be just a function of people waiting for the new phones to come out, some of the noise in the market around some of the introductions that happened in August and September. But fundamentally, if we take a long-term view on this business, if you think about – I'm going to talk about Solutions now, we put out in 2013 a goal that we can grow net operating income on average 10% per year in that business, not linear. And we reaffirmed that in 2015. Certainly, since 2013, we've more than achieved that goal. Obviously, in 2016, we're disappointed with what we are, but it doesn't change our longer-term outlook that we have had great momentum in this business. We continue to invest and we feel very well positioned for continued growth in Solutions and in mobile.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): But do you think, Alan, do you think, for example, the foregone trade-in activity in the quarter that, maybe, was part of the reason for the short fall, do you think that's just a delay and it's something we ought to think about getting back and sort of then some, or we do we think about that 10% average annual growth off of this new sort of a lower baseline of earnings?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, we put out that 10% originally in 2013; we reaffirmed it in 2015. So, I think as you think about the long term for this company out to 2020, think of it off of 2015.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: But you can't think of it as annual guidance. It's not...
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): No, I understand.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. And as we add programs, that will cause step-function changes in our performance. But again, quarter-to-quarter, you get some variability.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then – just on the lender-placed side, a couple quick ones there. So the placement rate – I believe you said that the placement rate on the newly acquired $2 million loans this quarter is lower than your overall block. Is it enough so to alter your view of the steady state expected range of – I think it's 1.8% to 2.1%, or should we think of it as just, maybe, pushing you down a little bit further within that range?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: No. Hi, John. It's Richard. I think...
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, Richard.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: As we said, it is a small block relative to the total blocks. Even though the penetration rate will be lower on this new piece, we still are looking at the longer term between 1.8% and 2.1%.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: And then, John, just on lender-placed, the normalization, as we've been saying, we expect to continue through 2017.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: And getting more towards the long-term run rate in 2018. The positive of adding these loans is it's just another market validation of how our clients view our compliance, our customer service, the quality of our operating model, but it doesn't change our view on the normalization. We've got another year or so to work through in 2017.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And sort of the follow-up question on lender-placed that I had was just to talk about premium rates. I mean, as we think out to 2017, I mean, you talked about a continued decline in revenue for LPI and some of that's obviously got to be a continued downward move on the placement rate, but is there still more to come on the actual premium rate; and if so, about how much would you expect looking out?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, as we think about it, and I've said this in prior quarters, we now think the rate filings are normal course. We've worked through that process with all of our states. We're on a regular basis, we re-file in many states annually. And I think it's just normal course based on experience, based on market factors in those states. Really, the bigger driver of the normalization is the reset of the placement rate gradually to the long-term average.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you, John, and welcome back.
John M. Nadel - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you. It's good to be back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weiss from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Hey, good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the call, the question. Just wanted to ask, I guess, first a question on Health and think about the excess capital position as I work through the math there. I know you had $475 million you expect to upstream of which, I believe, you've done about $340 million. So there is, call it, $135 million, $140 million left there. If we think about the $99 million of net reimbursements from CMS, if it's on your balance sheet, should that be additive to that $140 million that I just calculated?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: No, Seth, it should not. We anticipate that as we think about the capital, we're going to be able to take out of that business.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. And had just one follow-up on Solutions and just trying to – I suppose parse your language here, and I understand the quarterly variability of the business. And I know we've seen that in quarters past, specifically the end of 2015 and then had some strong bounce back quarters in the first half of this year. Alan, in response to the last question, you talked about the three things that came in a little bit lower than expected which seem mostly to be aspects that looked more unique to the quarter. What I guess I'm a little bit confused about is that the updated guidance suggests a lower run rate for the fourth quarter than maybe the guidance prior to the – for the fourth quarter. So, it sounds like your expectations on a go-forward basis have been moved down as well, but I'm just curious if I'm reading that right or if I'm perhaps interpreting the guidance wrong here.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, the way to think about this is the things that happened in the third quarter, some of those persist into the fourth quarter, like the new programs still ramping, but they were behind where we thought they were going to be. And although they're improving, they're still behind where we thought they were going to be and we continued to make investments. It doesn't change our longer-term view, but as we've thought about this year, that's why we've revised the outlook for this year.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Hey. Good morning.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. I had a few questions. First on just your expectations for buybacks in 2017 and 2016. It seems like in the past, you've slowed buybacks in the third quarter, this year that didn't happen. So, should we assume that you speeded up the buybacks because you've got the cash to the holding company faster or are you actually assuming that you could do more in buybacks than you might have thought maybe a few quarters ago?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, the way we've thought about this, and I'll start and then Richard you certainly should chime in. We want to be in the market consistently. Particularly, this year where we've had the capital position we've had. If you go back a few years when we didn't have as much excess capital at the holding company, we would slow buybacks in the third quarter. We saw no reason to do that. So, we have remained in the market consistently and as I said in my remarks, we're about a little more than halfway through now returning that $1.5 billion we committed during 2016-2017 to shareholders. Richard...?
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So that hasn't changed, the $1.5 billion?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: No, that has not changed.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then if I think about what you did in October, it seemed like the average price was around $89. So, a majority of the buybacks were done prior to your preannouncement. Why did you decide to do that? And why not just wait till you knew that it was going to be a bad quarter, just wait till after the announcement came out and then buy after?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. Hi Jimmy. It's Richard Dziadzio. Yeah. Thanks for the question. Really the reason is when we look at the stock price, we're actually looking more at the intrinsic value of the company, not the daily stock price. And also, when we are out in the market buying, we are using our 10b5-1. So, we're out in the market (33:19) at least in the last quarter consistently.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah, Jimmy, the important point there is we continue to believe our stock is attractively priced. And as Richard said, the way we buy back our stock generally is through 10b5-1 programs we file in advance and they run and we can't really amend those easily...
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: ...because they're running.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, just lastly on the mortgage solutions business, that was actually a big positive this quarter. And obviously you've added acquisitions there that have helped. Just thinking about the run rate for growth in that business. Should we expect growth to slow down as the comps get tougher in some of these businesses that you've bought circle through a whole year or do you think the business can grow at a double-digit pace over the next year to two years?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, on mortgage solutions, what we're encouraged by is our thesis is playing out. Our thesis was that we had unique advantage to opportunities, leveraging our partnerships with mortgage companies. And that's played out well. And you've seen the very strong organic growth we've had so far. We see no reason why that can't continue. Our market shares are still very modest. We're focused on really now translating that growth in the top line, which we think is going to continue to bottom line. And we've said we think we can get to 15% to 20% pre-tax margins long term over not only mortgage solutions, but all the capital-light fee income businesses in Property. But no, we're encouraged by the growth in that business. Just as an aside, we just hired a leader to come in and integrate those businesses together. We've now acquired four different companies and really allow us to continue the momentum there.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And just to clarify. Since you're buying using 10b5-1 plan, should we assume that there are any blackout periods or can you buy – do you intend to buy it throughout the quarter?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Well, no. Just to clarify, we put in the 10b5-1 when we're not in a blackout. And then...
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: ...they just run.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Morning.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: To approach the mobile question from another vantage point, the new business that you brought online, did you have good visibility in terms of the historical behavior of these subscribers? Is there – could it just be that this subscriber base or these new clients just don't have as much activity – underlying activity as you might have expected and so therefore, you should adjust your expectations accordingly, or do you have good information on the historical behavior and so you can confidently say this is just normal variability?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: The answer is some of everything you said. So, some of the new programs are truly new to the market. So we work with a partner to try to estimate what we think the penetration rates will be, the take-up rates. But when they're new to the market, everybody's trying to make their best estimate. Some of them are new programs with existing customers, that's easier for us and them to predict, but that's part of a – if you looked at the last year, year and a half, we've announced several new programs with new customers. Those are the ones where it's hardest for them and for us to predict what's going to happen.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And in those cases, seeing the volume that you do, are you able to adjust your expense structure if in fact the take-rate is lower than you might have originally forecasted?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Something we're working on. I mentioned briefly earlier that as we think about the business, for example, like repair and logistics which can have big swings in volume up and down in a quarter, we are working to better align our cost structure with that. A lot of the automation we've been doing and investing in is to create a better alignment there.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Any thoughts on how those programs have been performing here early in the fourth quarter?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: No, it's too early for us to provide any outlook on the fourth quarter other than what we said for the full year of 2016.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And then in the capital-light Property business's margin there, you talked about making investments to put pressure on the margin. Is that something that is short-term in nature or is this kind of structurally you're at 9% or 10% and it'll move up over time or is there a step function out there somewhere in the near term to medium term that that should bounce back more meaningfully?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, Mark, the way I think about this, we're early in those businesses. We've now been in them for two years to three years. If you compare to a quarter a year ago, we were at about 15%, I think is what we had at that quarter, maybe a little more. And so as we build this business out, we're getting some fluctuation, but it doesn't change our long-term view of 15% to 20% pre-tax margin.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Gary Ransom from Dowling & Partners. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Hey, good morning, Gary.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Good morning. I had a question on flood insurance. I know you have a lender-placed business. You have the NFIP administration.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yes.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: But you also have a small start-up voluntary flood business. And I just wondered if you could go over how that fits in and what your overall strategy for flood generally is over the next few years.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: So, first of all, that voluntary flood business is very small. We think of it as the pilot. And really, what we're trying to do there is thinking about a couple things. So, we have a very strong position in flood, right? We're the number two administrator in the NFIP program. For our clients and mortgage, we do a lot of lender-placed flood. And we've been experimenting with gaps in the coverage of the NFIP program, a potential evolution of the NFIP program. So, think of it as just a pilot for us to learn more about how the flood market might evolve, how consumers might react. We view flood though as an important business for us and we just want to make sure we remain one of the market leaders as it evolves. But it's very small, that voluntary flood business right now.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Do you use the data that you collect from all the NFIP business? Does that help you or inform you on how to underwrite the flood business as you go forward on the voluntary side?
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: We have lots of information from various sources, from our lender-placed business, from the flood maps that are out there. We work with multiple third-party providers on flood and flood risk. All of that goes into our thinking. And then we have a history, a long history of our own data to use.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Okay. And just one other question on the mobile side. Did all the Samsung issues, did that have some direct or indirect impact on what you saw in the quarter?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Hi, Mark – Hi, Gary. It's Richard Dziadzio. Not really. Not really. I mean, it's a new program under warranty. So, no. It was a recall. So, no impact on...
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Right.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Yeah. Under manufacturer warranty, just to be clear, right? So, that's why the risk there was of the partner, not us.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Well, that's why I was thinking maybe indirect because they're not coming anywhere other than the manufacturer, but that's fine if you don't think it had an impact.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: No. No material impact.
Gary Kent Ransom - Dowling & Partners Securities LLC: Thank you very much then.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: All right. Thank you, Gary.
Alan B. Colberg - Assurant, Inc.: Well, everyone, thank you for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you in February on our progress. And as always, you can reach out to Suzanne Shepherd with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Richard S. Dziadzio - Assurant, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - EVP, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Richard S. Dziadzio - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & EVP Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Assurant Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Executive Vice President, Chief Communications and Marketing Officer. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi - EVP, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer: Thank you, Jessa, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2016 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Richard Dziadzio, who joined Assurant last week as our new Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Risk Officer and former CFO. Yesterday, after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our second quarter 2016 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. As noted last quarter, this year we revised the earnings release and the financial supplement to focus on housing and lifestyle. Net operating income reflects contributions from our operating segments; Assurant Solutions, Assurant Specialty Property, and Corporate, as well as interest expense. Operating results exclude Assurant Health runoff operations, the amortization of deferred gains from dispositions, and other variable items. We believe these changes provide a more meaningful presentation of our financials and better reflect our go-forward strategy. On today's call, we will refer to other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on those measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement available at assurant.com. We'll begin our call this morning with prepared remarks before moving to Q&A. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2015 Form 10-K and first quarter Form 10-Q. Now I'll turn the call over to Alan.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. Overall results were consistent with our outlook, as we continue to execute our multi-year transformation. While earnings were down for the quarter, we believe the steps we are taking to build a more compelling business portfolio supported by our evolution to a more integrated global operating model will enable us to deliver profitable growth long-term. As outlined at our Investor Day in March, we measure our progress with three key financial metrics; net operating income, operating earnings per deluded share, and operating return on equity. All exclude reportable catastrophe losses, given the inherent volatility of weather. Through the first six months of 2016, net operating income, excluding reportable catastrophe losses, decreased 16% to $215 million, primarily due to the expected declines in lender-placed, lower results from legacy business, as well as the loss of the tablet program. Higher tax expenses at corporate also contributed to the decrease. Operating earnings per deluded share, excluding catastrophe losses, declined 9% to $3.34. Lower earnings were partially offset by share buyback activity. Annualized operating ROE, excluding AOCI and catastrophe losses, was 11.9%, in line with 2015. Our fee-based and capital-light businesses comprising connected living, mortgage solutions, and multi-family housing now represent 52% of our revenue and nearly one-third of our earnings. Our balance sheet remained strong with $725 million of holding company capital as of June 30. So far, through July 22 of this year, we have returned a total of $548 million to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases, consistent with our intent to return $1.5 billion by the end of 2017. Let me now share some highlights from the quarter that illustrate our progress in building a stronger Assurant for the future and achieving our longer-term profitability goals. In June, we received final notification from CMS of the 2015 ACA risk mitigation payments, which were near our estimates. This represents another important milestone in winding down our Health operations. In addition, we were able to dividend $84 million to the holding company during the second quarter. We also received $604 million in dividends related to the sale of Employee Benefits, with more expected later this year and into 2017 as we release capital formally supporting the business. This capital along with cash generated from Solutions and Specialty Property provides us significant flexibility to return capital to shareholders and to invest in attractive businesses where we can outperform. This quarter, we also took several actions to strengthen our housing and lifestyle offerings. At Solutions, our focus remains on growing earnings and improving margins through a combination of profitable growth and operating efficiencies worldwide. For example, we expanded an existing OEM partnership in Chile and Italy through the introduction of new device upgrade programs. We also launched a program with Vodafone UK to replace mobile phones in as little as four hours of an approved claim. Through innovative products and services such as these, we have broadened our market share and are now protecting more than 31 million devices. To drive greater efficiency, we also implemented expense management actions at Solutions, primarily focused on our legacy runoff businesses. All of these initiatives, along with steady contributions from our vehicle protection and pre-need offerings, will help us deliver on our commitment to increase net operating income by 10% on average annually over time. At Specialty Property, we're evolving the lender-placed platform as we look to enhance our market-leading position. The investments we've made to better serve homeowners and clients together with our continued focus on compliance remain key differentiators. We're pleased to announce that we will start to onboard approximately 700,000 loans later in the third quarter, including the return of a block of loans that was previously transferred to a competitor in 2014. Leveraging our strong position as a trusted advisor in lender-placed, we continue to expand our offerings across the broader mortgage value chain. Earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of American Title, a leader in title and valuation services specifically for home equity lenders. With nearly $50 million of annualized fees, this represents another important extension of our fee-based, capital-light offerings in mortgage solutions. In addition to strengthening our business portfolio, we are realigning our operating model to better support profitable growth. On July 1, Gene Mergelmeyer moved into his role of Chief Operating Officer, overseeing all of Assurant's global business lines. In the months ahead, we will evolve our organizational structure to deliver greater coordination across our operations and improve execution. We believe this operating model will more efficiently leverage our enterprise scale to create competitive advantage in the key markets we serve. But perhaps the most important outcome of this transformation will be an ability to deliver greater value to our customers and more opportunities for our employees. Another important step in shaping our enterprise model is the addition of Richard Dziadzio, who joined Assurant last week as CFO and Treasurer. Richard is an accomplished leader, holding a number of key finance positions in leading global insurance organizations over the past 22 years. His expertise will be critical in enhancing the ways in which finance supports the business while at the same time helping us to deliver on our broader strategic objectives. He will build on Chris Pagano's strong track record by further integrating our global financial operations and executing our capital management strategy. I know Richard is looking forward to fostering a strong partnership between finance and risk. On behalf of our employees, I'd also like to thank Chris for his leadership and many contributions as CFO. Now, as Chris moves into the Chief Risk Officer role, he will strengthen our robust risk management framework even more. We've made tremendous progress executing our transformation in the first half of the year. Our focus for the balance of 2016 will be on substantially concluding the wind-down of Health, implementing a more integrated operating structure, and positioning Assurant for profitable growth in 2017 and beyond. Before Chris reviews our second quarter results in greater detail, I'll ask Richard to share some thoughts on what's ahead. Richard?
Richard S. Dziadzio - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & EVP: Thanks, Alan. I'm excited to join Assurant, as we transform the company to deliver on our shared aspirations of outperformance. I'm encouraged by our fundamentals and the continued momentum of our core businesses. I believe, as we further align our operations, we can deliver even greater value to our customers, employees and shareholders. I also view our strong cash flow generation and disciplined approach to capital management as key differentiators. We will continue to return capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends while also investing in specialty businesses to strengthen our capabilities, offerings and distribution channels. In the next several months, I will focus on aligning the finance team with our new global operating model to support growth in housing and lifestyle and our work to evolve our financial reporting framework. Since joining Assurant last week, I received strong support from Alan, Chris and the senior leadership team, as well as the entire finance organization. In the near-term, I will spend time listening to understand where we're strong while continuing to enhance our process and approach. During this period, I will have the opportunity to visit with many of you, and I look forward to it. With that, I will turn the call over to Chris to review the quarter in more detail.
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: Thanks, Richard. I'm glad to have you on board and I look forward to working together to support Assurant's long-term strategic and financial objectives. Turning to the quarter, Solutions results included $10 million of higher one-time tax benefits year-over-year. Excluding these items, earnings decreased by $9 million to $43 million. This expected decline was driven by lower production from North American retailers and the impact of the loss of the tablet program. We also incurred $2.4 million of severance-related costs, as we continued to streamline non-growth operations. Total revenue at Solutions grew 3% from the prior period due to increased covered mobile devices and double-digit growth in vehicle service contracts. Our auto business benefited from strong U.S. vehicle sales and a one-time contribution from a client. This was partially offset by declines in certain North American retailers, the impact of the loss of the tablet program, and foreign exchange volatility, particularly in Argentina. While earnings at Solutions were down for the first half of the year, performance was consistent with our outlook. For the full year 2016, we continue to expect net operating income to increase. Profitability will be driven by savings from expense initiatives, improved international profitability, and a ramp-up in new mobile programs toward the end of the year. At Specialty Property, earnings decreased year-over-year by $31 million to $57 million. $10 million of the decline was attributable to higher catastrophe losses and the remainder reflects the expected normalization of lender-placed, lower real estate owned policies, and the impact from the previous loss of client business. The combined ratio for the risk-based lender-placed and manufactured housing lines of business increased 490 basis points to 87.3%. This was the result of severe flooding and hailstorms in Texas as well as lower lender-placed revenue. The fee-based, capital-light offerings generated a pre-tax margin of 11.2%, 250 basis points lower than the prior year related to additional expenses to support growth in our mortgage valuation business. Overall, net earned premiums and fees at Specialty Property decreased 12%, primarily due to lower placement and premium rates for lender-placed as well as lower real estate owned policies. We did, however, see continued expansion in multi-family housing and mortgage solutions. Multi-family housing revenue increased over 11% from growth in our affinity channels and property management network. Mortgage solutions fee income grew 4% with increases in property preservation and default appraisals. The catastrophe activity in the quarter served as an important reminder of the need for comprehensive coverage. In June, we finalized our 2016 catastrophe reinsurance program, purchasing $1.4 billion of coverage on attractive terms. We also lowered our U.S. retention to $125 million, a decrease of nearly 20%, mainly due to declining exposure. Our outlook for the segment is unchanged. We continue to expect lower revenue and profits for 2016, reflecting the normalization of lender-placed. Expense efficiencies and growth in targeted areas will partially offset the declines. Please note that the new block of loans Alan referenced has a higher placement rate than our overall average, but it will transfer to Assurant at renewal and therefore isn't expected to generate much premium until 2017. Turning to Health runoff operations, the segment reported a net loss of $5 million, slightly better than expected. A reduction in estimated recoverables for the 2015 risk mitigation programs was partially offset by more favorable claims development and a pharmacy rebate. Results also included $4 million in severance-related costs as well as other indirect expenses not included in the previously established premium deficiency reserves. The wind-down of Health is moving along as planned, and we believe the risk for volatility in claims development is relatively low. In June, we received final notice from CMS regarding risk mitigation payments for 2015 ACA policies. The final amount, including a lower risk adjustment payment, is reflected in our second quarter financials. We have already received $66 million in reinsurance payments this year. And as of June 30, around $419 million of net receivables remain on our balance sheet. CMS expects to remit payments for these outstanding balances starting in the third quarter. Year-to-date, we've taken $149 million in dividends from Health. Consistent with initial estimates, we expect the holding company to receive another $325 million later this year, subject to regulatory approval and receipt of the 2015 risk mitigation payments. Moving to Corporate, the loss for the quarter increased $10 million to $19 million primarily due to higher taxes, which will reverse during the remainder of the year. For full year 2016, we continue to expect the Corporate loss to approximate $70 million. We are working to integrate support functions and ultimately eliminate residual expenses from Employee Benefits, which will create a more efficient operating model for the future. Moving to capital, we ended the second quarter with $475 million in deployable capital. In addition to the $688 million of dividends from the sale of Employee Benefits and wind down of Health, we received $86 million from Solutions and Specialty Property during the quarter. Our strong cash flow generation and receipt of the Employee Benefits proceeds at the holding company during the quarter allowed us to repay the $250 million of short-term financing secured earlier in the year, returned $226 million to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends, invest $9 million in mobile technology capabilities, and set aside $45 million for the July 1 closing of American Title. Through July 22, we bought an additional 363,000 shares, bringing the total shares repurchased year-to-date to just over 6 million. Overall, we are committed to executing our transformation strategy to ensure long-term profitable growth in housing and lifestyle. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. Your first question comes from the line of Seth Weiss from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Seth.
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: Good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the call – the question. I would like to ask about the Solutions earnings and just maybe try to get a little bit more granularity, as we head into the back half of the year on the pickup you expected. So now that we're actually there in the back half of the year, perhaps you could give us a little bit of details on the emergence of these programs that should contribute to revenue and earnings as well as the scale of the contribution we should see.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Seth, maybe I'll start with this – little bit of commentary on what we're trying to do overall this year, and then I'll ask Chris to elaborate on that question. We've thought about 2016 very much as a transition year, as we set up Assurant for long-term profitable growth. And we've really been focused on three things. One is getting our portfolio really focused on the market-leading positions we have in Solutions and in Property, and we feel very good about the progress with the proceeds coming up from Employee Benefits. As you heard Chris say and I said, Health is now effectively on track to the wind-down. And we've been continuing to make selective investments to really strengthen our position, as we did this quarter with American Title or as we're about to do in July. The second thing we've really been focused on is getting to a more kind of agile, efficient operating model. And that includes things like moving to the Chief Operating Officer structure, which really sets up opportunities for us to go after, improving the coordination across our products and improving the kind of efficiency of our operations. And we've brought on board significant outside talent; Ajay Waghray joining us a few months ago as the Chief Technology Officer, Richard joining us as the CFO. And the third thing we've really been focused on is deploying capital. And you see in our commitment to return $1.5 billion over the couple of years and deploy it. So we feel – yes, transition year, we've said we expect earnings overall to be down, not true in Solutions, but earnings overall to be down. And we feel like the progress is well underway. But with that said, Chris, you want to talk about Solutions in the second half?
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: Sure. Seth, so – again, we don't comment on specific clients, but what I can tell you around the mobile business and what we're looking at for the second half is first half was weaker. But as expected, we do think that we're still comfortable with our expectations or our outlook that the second half of the year will be better than the first half. So, second half 2016 better than first half 2016. And that full year 2016 will be higher than full year 2015. And then of course, longer term, we do view the 10% average annual NOI growth as an achievable target. So in terms of specifics around, we did take some actions on expenses. We'll start to see the benefit in the second half. The other thing to keep in mind that the revenue growth will potentially be muted within Solutions, but think about a rotation that's going on, the runoff of the big-box retailers and the non-growth credit business, for example, being offset by growth in the higher margin fee-based business in particular on the mobile side. So you combine this rotation to higher margin product with expense initiatives, we think you're going to receive – while you may not see revenue growth, you're going to see growth in the bottom line. And that's what we're thinking for the second half.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So when you talk about the new programs rolling on, are these the extended OEM program in Chile and the Vodafone program you commented or are there sort of above and beyond some of the other new programs that are rolling on?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think the important context is whenever we sign a new program, it takes some time to ramp in. So really what we're talking about here are some of the things we announced late last year, really kicking in. We announced, for example, partnerships with Google and eBay and a few others. Those are now ramping into the P&L. And then we talked about the significant expansion of programs to some of our prior clients and continuing clients that also really tick in in the second half. But the things we announced today will really be more significant when you get into 2017.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kovac from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Mike.
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: Hey, Mike.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask a question, as we look at the fee-based sources of income in property in the quarter, and obviously 7% growth in that line is pretty nice, but a little bit slower than the overall long-term targets of 8% to 12% across both multi-family and mortgage solutions. I think the roll-on of the American Title acquisition will obviously sort of distort these revenue growth numbers going forward. But could you give us an update on what you are seeing across maybe both of them and more specifically on the mortgage solutions that give you long-term confidence in the organic growth rates there?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. If we go back to what we said at Investor Day, we mentioned that longer-term we see 10%, 12% type growth rates across those lines of business. And we – again, you have some volatility quarter-to-quarter. We felt good about the progress of multi-family. We continue to rapidly outgrow the market. And then in mortgage solutions, you have some typical fluctuations as we ramp in with the new client or things shift around a little bit in the marketplace just on activity in the mortgage market, but no change in our perspective. We are gaining share and are continuing to gain share.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. As we think about American Title, can you give us a sense of sort of what the margins are that you are targeting in there? Is that in line with the capital-light pre-tax margin targets of 15% to 20% for that segment?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then just one more if I could. You mentioned the loan program, 700,000 loans rolling on. Anything that you are seeing in the competitive marketplace? Obviously there's been some acquisition that – in the marketplace that changes the dynamics for Assurant going forward.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So if you think about the lender-placed homeowners business, it has been and remains a very competitive marketplace. We have strong competitors that we have to compete with on a regular basis for every piece of business. The good news, though, is we have the industry-leading platform and capabilities in customer service, and we continue to invest in those. And yes, we'll occasionally lose pieces of business, but more often than not, we win pieces of business. And having this client return I think is just a testament to the quality of our operation and the value we deliver for our clients and for their consumers.
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: And just maybe – just another comment or two on that portfolio. So, as a reminder, where it's going to start the end of the quarter, we're going to incur some costs during the – preparing for it to onboard the loans. The loans will transfer on renewal. So it's going to take four quarters for the full letter cycle and all these loans to finally be on the portfolio. So this will be a 2017 event from a premium and profit standpoint. But again, as Alan mentioned, just really an indication of the platform and the quality of the operation at Specialty Property.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Jimmy.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. So, first, just similar to the previous question, I just had – wanted to follow up on your confidence in pickup in Solutions revenue in the second half. I think now you're implying that most of the growth is going to come late in the year, so maybe the fourth quarter. But has anything changed in terms of your views of that business now versus maybe three, four months ago? And just in terms of – if you could give us some detail on the contracts that are going to drive the expected pickup; have you already signed those or are those relationships that you're expecting to sign as you go through the year?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the first most important thing, Jimmy, is nothing has changed. Our view on Solutions has been consistent and remains consistent. As we've said, we expect earnings to improve in the second half of the year relative to the first half. And as Chris said, we still fully expect full year earnings to beat 2015 full year earnings. And in terms of what's going to drive it, everything is in place. These are all programs that have started and are ramping. So, nothing new needs to happen for those other than they need to develop as we anticipate they'll develop. But they're on track, and we feel very good. I don't know, Chris, if you have anything to that?
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: No, I guess I just want to maybe just emphasize the fact that this rotation in the mix shift will produce the bottom line profitability. So, while there may not be significant revenue growth in aggregate, you're going to see the runoff in the retailers and the non-growth business offset by growth in the fee-based higher margin business.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And could you give us some color on the slowdown in the mobile business this quarter on a sequential basis? Obviously, year-over-year the tablet contract affected it, but just a slowdown versus the first quarter.
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: Yeah. Just in general, again, the tablet was a main driver there. It was just some of the programs were – just the volumes on the programs weren't where we had anticipated – where they had been in the past. There was a little bit of a lower mobile profit in Europe, but again, we're taking actions to address that and we feel very good about the second half.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then lastly on share buybacks, they were lower than you had in the first quarter. And given your capital position and your free cash flow generation, I would have thought that you would have been able to keep up a similar pace or maybe even accelerate little bit. So just some color on that. And would you expect like a normal year when you slow down buybacks in the third quarter because of potential cat activity? Would you expect the same to happen this year as well?
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: Yeah. So I think the goal for us and – is to be consistent with years past. We still think the shares are attractively priced. We bought back 6 million-plus shares through this 22 of July, which is almost 10% on the float. So we feel good about the volumes. The line of – the deployable capital at the end of the quarter and our line of sight on sources of capital and particularly the dividends from Health and some of the capital release from benefits, which we're expecting in the second half, gives us a lot of flexibility. And years past, when we've typically said we'll need to slow down as we go into cat season, I think we've got ample flexibility to continue to buy consistently through the second half.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: Hey, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hello.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: The margin for the fee-based business within Specialty Property, you talked about the – some additional investments to support growth this quarter. Are you going to have the same thing next quarter? Should we anticipate margins steadied up in Q3?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Mark, we don't really give quarter-to-quarter type guidance. There is normal volatility, but nothing has changed in where we think long-term those margins are, which is 15% to 20%. And we're taking action to ensure that we achieve that over time. So, nothing's really changed. What happens quarter-to-quarter there is normal volatility.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got you. And then the global vehicle protection, I think you had suggested the good growth, but then also one-time bump. Can you quantify that one-time contribution?
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: Sure. So, if you – so that was about $19 million or $20 million in the quarter. So if you back that out year-over-year, that's not the 35% but a 22% growth. And then quarter-on-quarter, not the 18.5% but I think the number is 7%. So, still very good growth in the core business even after you back out the one-time.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weiss from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Seth.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just a couple of detailed questions. First on Health, you have $325 million remaining to be dividended up this year as per your target, and you also have $420 million remaining on ACA recoverables. Does that suggest that there is about $100 million residual that could be sent upstream in 2017 and beyond or am I thinking about that wrong?
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: I don't know that the math is that simple. Health is still an ongoing operation. There are expenses and so on. We do think there'll be some capital that we'll be able to get out of the business as it completely winds down, but not the $100 million that you're suggesting there.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And Seth, just one other comment on Health. As you all see in the market, Health remains a very challenged sector and very challenged industry. I think the very good news for us is we are effectively done at this point. There's still a little bit of volatility that could happen but not a lot. We're really into the final chapter of the wind-down at this point.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then on Solutions, just in terms of the reiterating guidance for earnings to be at a greater level than 2015, if we exclude the $18 million tax benefit, does that guidance still hold true?
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: Yes, it does.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning again. The – any update on your eventual outlook for the placement rate within Specialty Property to be 1.8% to 2.1%? Anything in the market that you're seeing in terms of phase or kind of absolute level of delinquencies, et cetera, that give you a reason to change the outlook there or change it a little bit?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not at all. I think the pace of normalization is continuing. As you recall, years past, it took a while to get going, but the last couple of years, it's been proceeding pretty much as we've been projecting and we don't see anything overall in the market. Now, again, as we on-board new loans that have a higher placement rate, you may see some natural kind of bumps in that, but longer term, that 1.8% to 2.1% remains our perspective on the placement rate.
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer: Yeah. And I would also point out, and when you go back to Investor Day, Mark, we did also talk about the REO volume as a percent of gross-written trending lower as a result of the normalization too. So you're seeing that trend as well going from 19% a year ago,15% this quarter, and with our long-term outlook being 10% of gross written. So, unambiguous normalization trends are in place at this point.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Well, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress in October. And as always, you can reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Jisoo Suh with any follow-up questions. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - EVP, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP
Analysts: Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co. Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following management's prepared remarks. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Executive Vice President, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi - EVP, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer: Thanks, Keith, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2016 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chris Pagano, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday after the market closed, we issued a news release announcing our first quarter 2016 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. As noted in the release, beginning in the first quarter of 2016, we revised the presentation of Assurant's results to focus on housing and lifestyle. Net operating income will now reflect contributions from our ongoing business segments: Assurant Solutions, Assurant Specialty Property, and Corporate, as well as interest expense. Operating results will exclude Assurant Health runoff operations, the divested Employee Benefits business and the amortization of deferred gains from dispositions. Related prior period results in the financial supplement and in the news release have been revised to conform to the new presentation. We believe these changes provide a more meaningful presentation of our financials and better reflect our go-forward strategy. As we continue to work through our transformation, we expect to make additional enhancements to our reporting format. Today's call will contain other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement available at assurant.com. We'll begin our call this morning with brief remarks from Alan and Chris, before moving to Q&A. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2015 Form 10-K and upcoming first quarter Form 10-Q. Now, I'll turn the call over to Alan
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. Overall we are pleased with the strong first quarter performance of our housing and lifestyle businesses. Our results reaffirm our confidence in the future and progress against the financial targets we shared at our Investor Day, as we strengthen our company for long-term profitable growth. During the first quarter, we continued to execute our multi-year transformation strategy. For example, the sale of Employee Benefits to Sun Life Financial closed on March 1. We expect the dividend cash proceeds to the holding company starting this quarter, subject to regulatory approval. The wind down of our Health operations also remains on track. Membership continued to decline to only 26,000 covered lives as of March 31, down 93% since year-end. In addition, claims development from 2015 policies continue to be in line with our assumptions. During the first quarter, we began work on the go-forward operating structure under Gene Mergelmeyer, as he prepares to move into the Chief Operating Officer role in July. Our goal is to leverage our enterprise scale and strengthen our competitive advantage across the global housing and lifestyle markets we serve. In support of our transformation and growth strategy, last week we announced Ajay Waghray will join Assurant on May 9 as our new Chief Technology Officer. Ajay joins our leadership team from Verizon with decades of global management and IT experience. At Assurant, Ajay will drive business alignment and strategy for technology across the global enterprise and support our broader commitments outlined at Investor Day. We also expect to have the new CFO on board in the coming months. Until a successor is appointed, we appreciate that Chris will continue to perform these duties while preparing for his new role as Chief Risk Officer. Within our segments, there are also many initiatives underway to strengthen our competitive position and expand our integrated risk offerings. At Assurant Solutions, we remain focused on executing our strategy of growing the Connected Living platform globally through innovative products and services as well as new partnerships. Longer-term, we expect to double margins in Connected Living to 8% by scaling our offerings, driving operating efficiencies and managing declines in our legacy runoff businesses. These efforts, along with steady contributions from Vehicle Protection and Preneed will position Solutions to deliver 10% average annual growth in net operating income over the long term. At Assurant Specialty Property, we are expanding our fee-based, capital-light businesses. These offerings now account for 27% of the segments revenue and are expected to continue to grow double-digits in the long term. At the same time, we are actively managing the ongoing normalization of lender-placed with our expense management initiatives. These efforts will help Specialty Property to maintain at least a 20% operating ROE longer-term. Executing our strategy will require us to invest prudently in our targeted growth areas to further diversify and strengthen our housing and lifestyle businesses. For example, we acquired a company that provides insurance coverage for parcel deliveries via major shipping carriers. We plan to integrate their e-commerce capabilities into our other Assurant offerings to provide a seamless customer buying experience. Last week, we also announced the purchase of renewal rights on 250,000 flood policies from Nationwide. This solidifies our position as the second largest administrator of the National Flood Insurance Program in the United States. Overall, we're making good progress in diversifying our offerings and establishing a more integrated operational structure. We believe this will help us build a stronger Assurant for the future. At our March Investor Day, we introduced three key long-term financial targets to track our progress. During the next five years, we expect to do the following; deliver growth in net operating income, increase operating earnings per share on average by at least 15% annually, and expand operating ROE to 15% by 2020. These targets all exclude reportable catastrophe losses given the inherent variability of weather. Now, I'll highlight our performance in the first quarter 2016 in relation to these long-term financial targets. Net operating income excluding reportable catastrophe losses declined 8% to $110 million. While we expect earnings to be down for full year 2016 driven by the normalization (8:11) of lender-placed, we are preparing the company for profitable growth in 2017 and beyond. Operating earnings per share excluding catastrophe losses decreased 2% from first quarter 2015 to $1.66. The decline in earnings was partially offset by share buyback activity. Annualized operating ROE, excluding AOCI and catastrophe losses, was 12.3% up from 12% at year-end, reflecting a shift to more fee-based and capital-light businesses. Looking at our capital position, our balance sheet remains strong. At the end of March, holding company capital totaled $450 million. Consistent with our intent to return $1.5 billion to shareholders by the end of 2017, through April 22 we returned a total of $355 million via dividends and share repurchases or nearly 25% of that goal. Overall, we're pleased with our progress during the first quarter. We believe our attractive business portfolio, combined with a more efficient operating structure, will produce more predictable diversified earnings, stronger cash flow generation and continued capital management flexibility. And now I'll turn to Chris, who will review the results for the first quarter in additional detail. Chris?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thanks, Alan. At Solutions, we were pleased with the improvement in underlying results from the fourth quarter of 2015. Compared to first quarter of 2015 however, net operating income declined $7 million to $47 million primarily due to the previously disclosed loss of a domestic tablet program and declines within our legacy runoff business. We also incurred some additional onboarding costs related to new mobile programs expected to ramp up later in the year. Preneed recorded a one-time $4 million net reserve and DAC adjustment associated with a block of older policies that also contributed to lower results. Revenue at Solutions increased 5% from the prior period in 2015, driven by a higher volume of covered mobile devices globally and strong growth in Vehicle protection. This was partially offset by declines at certain North American retailers, and the impact from foreign exchange. For the full year, we continue to expect growth in net operating income, weighted towards the second half of 2016. New mobile programs, improved international profitability and expense initiatives within Solutions will drive the increase. Now, let's look at Specialty Property, which delivered a strong quarter despite ongoing normalization in lender-placed. Net operating income increased to $76 million, reflecting lower general expenses, more favorable loss experience and lower reinsurance costs as our risk exposure continued to decline. Results also include greater contributions from multi-family housing and mortgage solutions. The combined ratio for lender-placed and manufactured housing risk products was 80.7%, 140 basis points better than last year. This improvement was the result of a decline in the frequency and severity of non-catastrophe claims and lower general expenses. Despite lower premiums, we expect our expense ratio for these risk-based products to move toward the long-term targeted range of 42% to 44% by 2018, though the trajectory won't be linear. Specialty Property revenue decreased 6%. The previously disclosed loss of client business, along with placement rate and premium reductions, lowered lender-placed premiums. Multi-family housing and mortgage solutions revenue partially offset the decline. Net earned premium and fees for multi-family housing were up more than 20%. We achieved this increase through our affinity channel and expanded relationships with property management companies. Mortgage solutions revenue increased 28% primarily from strong organic growth in field services. In the first quarter these fee-based, capital-light offerings generated a pre-tax margin of 11%, an increase of 620 basis points year-over-year. Strong organic growth is helping build the additional scale needed to reach our long-term target margin of 15% to 20%. For the year, we expect revenue and earnings to be down at Specialty Property as lender-placed continues to normalize. Expense savings and growth in our fee-based, capital-light offerings are expected to partially offset the decline in net operating income. Turning to Health runoff operations, the segment reported a first-quarter loss of $27 million, which was in line with our estimates. This included $10 million in severance-related costs as well as other indirect expenses not included in the previously established premium deficiency reserves. During the quarter, we were able to dividend $65 million from Health to the holding company. We expect to dividend an additional $410 million later this year. This is subject to regulatory approval, any changes in claims experience, and the final payments from the 2015 ACA risk mitigation programs. As of March 31, we had $487 million of recoverables related to the risk mitigation programs at Health. In the first quarter, we received an initial payment of $29 million related to the 2015 reinsurance program, and we received another $38 million payment last week. HHS is expected to provide insurers with their final payment notifications by the end of June and pay the remaining reimbursements starting in the third quarter. Moving to Corporate, the loss for the quarter increased $10 million to $14 million, reflecting higher taxes and employee benefit costs. As a reminder, first quarter 2015 benefited from a tax consolidating adjustment that reversed itself during the course of last year. For full year 2016, we continue to expect the Corporate loss to approximate $70 million. The actions we are taking to build the new business' operating framework and to eliminate residual expenses from Health and Employee Benefits will support a more efficient operating model for the future. Moving to Capital, we ended the first quarter with $200 million in deployable capital. In addition to the $65 million from Health that I referenced earlier, we brought up $55 million in dividends from Solutions and Specialty Property during the quarter. We also secured $250 million in short-term financing to fund share repurchases. This provided additional capital flexibility until cash proceeds from the sale of Employee Benefits are received at the holding company. These actions allowed us to pay $32 million in shareholder dividends and repurchase $258 million worth of stock. Through April 22, we bought an additional 807,000 shares, bringing the total repurchased year-to-date to $4.2 million. So far this year, buyback activity already surpassed the full-year 2015 total. At the same time, we believe ongoing cash flow generation from Solutions and Specialty Property will provide continued financial flexibility to support our current and future opportunities in the housing and lifestyle markets. Overall, we are pleased with our first quarter results and are committed to executing our transformation strategy to ensure long-term profitable growth in housing and lifestyle. And with that operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Our first question comes from the line of Mike Kovac, with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking the question. At the Investor Day, Assurant outlined targets in both Specialty Property and Solutions, and you've given us some updates in terms of how you're tracking in Property, but we don't see the same sort of level of disclosure in Solutions. I'm wondering if you could provide us any incremental details in terms of the mobile margins; I know that the long-term target is 8% margins relative to 4% in 2015? And the same on the Vehicle combined ratio?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, good morning Mike and appreciate the question. As we go through this year, we are going to continue to evolve our disclosures and one of the challenges as we evolve disclosures in Solutions is just the complexity of the global business. And so that's why we're able to get Property out this quarter and be comfortable with it. We're still working on getting the Solutions numbers out that we can be comfortable and repeatable. But I think in – the short answer to your question, if we look at Connected Living, we had said last year we were at about a 4% margin for the year pre-tax; we're still trending in line with that and continue to expect over time we'll grow to that 8% margin that we've laid out in Investor Day.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That makes sense. And then Chris discussed some of the ramp-up of expenses in Solutions related to the new program launches, which we know were a drag in the fourth quarter. When I look at the expense ratio, obviously down sequentially and not really up all that much year-over-year. Can you give us a sense of how far through that ramp you are and sort of the scale of the expenses this quarter?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, the expenses, Mike, in Q1 are still up but lower than they were in Q4. We'll incur some additional expenses in Q2 and then, in the second half of the year we'll start to see the program generate profitable revenue. Again, this is kind of a normal course. I think the first – fourth quarter was a little bit of an anomaly in terms of the amount of the expenses, but we feel like we're back on track now to generate again NOI growth year-over-year and then the longer-term 10% average NOI growth in Solutions.
Mike Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weiss from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Seth.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Seth.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. If I could follow up on Mike's questions on Solutions and just trying to get some context around the top-line improvements in global Connected Living. If we look at the $660 million number in premiums and fees, it's running ahead of the quarterly pace of 2014 and 2015. So the top-line trend there seems to be positive, but just trying to get context around how we think about that for earnings because obviously your best quarter in terms of top-line was the last quarter in the fourth quarter, but that was a relatively poor earnings quarter?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. So a couple of comments. First of all, we – as we've talked about on previous calls, we feel very good about the momentum and progress in the mobile business. If you recall last year, we announced a variety of new clients and new programs and that's what starting to drive up the top-line and will continue to drive up the top-line. The challenge in the earnings is, we also have in there the rotation that's going on with the legacy retailers that are in runoff and that's a drag on the earnings, and then all the things that we talked about in the fourth quarter. But the momentum in the top-line I think augurs very well for why we believe this business will continue to scale and drive toward that 8% margin for Connected Living over time.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Is that top-line indicative of how we should think about growth and earnings if we think about it longer-term? I know there's complexities on the accounting in terms of what's flowing through the top-line and what's flowing as rebates on the expense line?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: It is a complicated thing. I think the direction we've given is that margins are going to expand over time in Connected Living. It won't be exactly linear because as a program comes in or we have changes in what we're doing that will cause some variability in that growth, but it will expand over time and increasingly, attractive business for us as we go forward.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. And if I could ask one quickly on Health, if my math's right, you have about $420 million left in recoverables from HHS, if we back out the payments that were made in the first quarter and what Chris commented on second quarter, so if we think about the $410 million that's left to upstream, how dependent is that on getting the full payment from HHS?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I think – the way I think about those numbers, the estimates around the recoverables are going to be – when those receivables convert to cash, that's going to be the dividend that will be available at Health. So we expect to hear at the end of the second quarter from HHS on the final numbers relative to our estimate. And then as those dividends come in the second half we'll take them up. So it is – it is the – right now, the primary risk in terms of our – the capital plan, we feel very good about actual results at Health. So the actual claims experience from the 2015 policies is now that the range of outcomes is narrowing and it's – really and then remember the risk adjuster estimate is the one that's got a little bit more potential variability, because it's us relative to the market, as opposed to the reinsurance recoverable, which is effectively a quota share.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Do we want to think about that as both upside or downside risk, or should we just really think about that as downside risk going into June?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, again we've taken in – this is our best estimate, I guess is the way to think about it, and feel – with again, the big risk being absolute claims experiences is getting – is more and more in the rearview mirror, which is a good thing from a risk perspective.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Jimmy.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Jimmy.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. So the first question on – was just on margins in the Specialty Property business. Seems like margins this quarter were very strong. So to what extent do you think of that as a normal number versus maybe just benefiting from either benign weather or something else?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I think, we're obviously pleased with the strong results in the first quarter, but we did have very favorable non-cat loss experience, which was the benign weather. We have ongoing lender-placed normalization that will continue. One of the positives in the quarter is the improvement in the margins in our fee-based businesses, which continue – particularly mortgage solutions continue to strengthen as we grow that business. But no, I think we had better than expected long-term non-cat loss in the first quarter.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then on share buybacks. I think you mentioned deployable capital at the holding company of $200 million. Should we think of that as the limitation on your ability to buy back stock in the second quarter? Or would you have more capital available as depending on the timing of when some of the Employee Benefits proceeds move up to holdco?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, I wouldn't consider it a limitation. Again we – and our strategy around buybacks didn't wait for the money to arrive at the holding company from the sale of the Benefits business. It is sitting in legal entities. We expect to request dividends in the second quarter from both Benefits and an ongoing dividend request from Health. We've also again – we took $55 million of dividends from – the combine from Specialty Property and Solutions. So, again the cash – the generation of cash and the line of sight around those cash flows is becoming clearer. Also keep in mind that in addition to the after-tax proceeds from the Benefits sale, we're going to have some capital release in the second half of 2016 in Benefits and then the $400 million-plus of capital coming out of Health once we receive the reinsurance and risk mitigation recoverables.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And the cash proceeds from the sale would be moving up in the second quarter that – the capital release is a little bit later, right? The cash proceeds being about $650 million?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yes. That's correct. So, the – again, couple of things. So, again, subject to regulatory approval, we're going to file our Q1 stat (25:54) returns and then make the request for the dividend. We are not anticipating a problem, but again, it is still subject to regulatory approval.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning John.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, John.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hey, good morning, Alan. And good morning, Chris. A couple of quick questions. I'm curious, when you think about the $70 million operating loss you expect for Corporate in 2016. As we think further out, Alan, how much of that $70 million relates to residual costs from the Health and the Benefits business that you'd expect over time you can either take out of the organization or redeploy into growth areas?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me start with kind of what we said at Investor Day and then, Chris, you can comment more on this. What we said in Investor Day is we have taken aggressive and decisive action to offset the – the residual cost or the legacy cost and a good example of that was the hard pension freeze that went in place in March. We've also had a series of reductions, as we've been – begun to really integrate our key support functions, and all of that gives us confidence that over time, we'll be able to drive real expense efficiencies that will more than offset the residual expenses. But Chris, what would you add?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, just a couple comments on that. So in the $70 million is the expectation we're going to assume some of the residual costs from the Benefits business for the quarters two, three and four. Health remains an ongoing operation, we'll address the residual costs from the Health segment starting in 2017. So, we have a line of sight of what needs to happen, but as Alan described as we talked about it at Investor Day, our targets are much higher than that. Again, the goal to being to build a more efficient operating model, so that we can not just save money, but support growth going forward.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And the other thing I would add on this is, we are really focused on setting the company up for a sustained growth in earnings, which is what we've talked about as one of the three long-term targets for the company. The way we get there is through this evolution of our businesses and the focus of the resources on the attractive growth businesses, which you've seen us doing and ongoing, combined with the actions we're taking to get to a more agile, efficient operating structure. For example the IT integration that we'll able to drive now with Ajay coming on board to lead that. Opportunities we have in front of us in procurement and then the move to an integrated operating structure that Gene will lead effective in July. So we feel very good about the progress toward not just getting out the residual expenses but going far beyond that as we grow the company.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): No. That's helpful color. Thank you, Alan. The second question, maybe it just comes down to timing, but I just want to make sure that there is no change here. And so I'll ask it this way, if I think about the $55 million of dividends up to the parent in the quarter from Solutions and Specialty Property, so excluding the Health piece.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): That's much less than 100% of the earnings from those two segments if I think about the earnings either from the fourth quarter with a one-quarter delay or if I think about 1Q's earnings. So is it just a matter of timing or is there some change to the expectation around how much in dividends you can get up?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No change, John, I mean this has been our typical (29:33) pattern, we have backend-loaded again the big risk in Property typically being what this cat season looks like. So, but you're correct in saying that there are some earnings in the segments in aggregate available to be dividended up from the first quarter. So, I think that's a fair way to characterize it. In addition to what we've talked about with respect to the proceeds from Benefits, the capital release from Benefits and also the capital release from Health.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And then Alan, you mentioned having something to tell us about a CFO hire within the next few months. I'm just curious whether you've actually landed at or arrived at a decision and it's just too early to be able to announce it, maybe this person is still in a position elsewhere, or if it's just your expectation that the process will conclude within the next few months?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we're in the middle of a process, and I feel very good about the quality of the candidates that are interested in Assurant and that we're interested in and we're confident that we'll be able to announce something relatively soon, and have that person on board in the coming months. In the meantime though, we're very fortunate to have Chris in the chair, and Chris is an ongoing part of our management team, very crucial to our future. But, no, I feel good about the process and expect to be able to say something in the near future.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you, good...
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. The mortgage solutions, of the 28% growth, how much of that was organic, roughly?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All of it was organic at this point because we acquired those companies, Field Services [Field Asset Services] in particular in 2013 and the other two were in 2014. Now the one thing I would say is we had a relatively softer first quarter a year ago. So, that's part of the reason, but we still feel very good about the growth and momentum in those businesses.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: The Vehicle Protection also got very good growth there, how much would you say is industry growth that's helping you there or do you feel like you're taking share?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think both of the things you just said are correct. We've had a very good strategy of focusing on particularly the car manufacturers, the OEMs and you heard us announce a couple of those last year; we've won major new programs. So part of it is absolutely share gain, and part of it has been the market, but very strong growth in that business over the last couple years, something around – I don't know if we've disclosed it – around 15% year-on-year. That's in our new supplement, right?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And then just another thing on the Vehicle business. Again, that is revenue growth that will begin to earn 18 months to 36 months out, when the manufacturer's warranty expires, so this is future profitability from growth that's going on now.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right. When I think about your Solutions business, if I think of it on, say, a pre-tax basis, you're pretty much at the run rate you were last year. Your guidance is for the Solutions earnings to be up. I think you've talked about the potential for a ramp in the top line given the new programs you've got coming on line. Does your guidance look a little conservative or are there some additional expenses that might be offsetting some of that mobile ramp-up? How should I think about that?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I think, just a couple of thoughts. The thing we're really focused on with that business broadly is the 10% average annual growth in net operating income over time. For this year, I think our outlook remains the same, which is the first quarter was in line with our expectations. We really expect that ramp-up in earnings to happen in the second half of the year, so that full year earnings will be up. But that's – with the visibility we have at the moment, that's where we're comfortable providing an outlook.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Your line is open
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my call – my question, rather. I just have a question about thinking of the walk-through of Property results over the course of 2016. I know it's hard to model non-cat losses or the favorability of non-cat losses, but in addition to weather, is there anything that drove that in the first quarter? I think I heard something about vandalism – are people not trashing their homes when they default on their mortgages as much or – I'm just wondering if there's some sort of secular shift in distressed properties that's leading to a more favorable non-cat loss ratio?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, I think – again, there are two components. One is weather, non-cat, weather-related and this other issue, fire and vandalism. And we're seeing slight improvements in the fire and vandalism components, so potentially a sustainable reduction in the non-cat loss ratio. But it really is driven by mild weather. So, I don't want to – wouldn't want to read into that too much, I don't want to get into that business of predicting what mother nature is going to do out – for the rest of the year. So, but again, good results, a big driver of the positive outcome in the first quarter.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The other thing I'd add is – I think we feel we've made significant progress kind of transforming the lender-placed business as it normalizes, both taking down our expenses, redoing our systems to really maintain our very market-leading best-in-the-industry solutions. And the long-term guidance we've given around the risk expense ratio of 42% to 44%, we still feel is appropriate and it's not going to be linear quarter-to-quarter.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Got it. And just thinking about the directional organic growth of mortgage solution revenue, should we look to total mortgage origination estimates as the single biggest driver, is there a correlation between total origination including refis and purchase in a given quarter and what that revenue will be?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, yes and no is the answer. We've said longer-term we expect somewhere in the range of 8% to 12% kind of organic growth for our business over time in mortgage solutions. Some of our services are driven and linked to origination activity like the appraisals we do, but the majority of what we do is not related to new purchases, it's related to the houses that are in default or are in REO-type status, we think about our field services. So we are not that linked to mortgage originations, but we do expect over time as we continue to gain share and demonstrate the value of our capabilities and our compliance that we'll grow that business 8% to 12% a year on the top line.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. I think the key there is this – the investment thesis around the mortgage solutions business was the share gain, leveraging our relationships with the mortgage servicers, expanding our product offerings when we gain share, the growth will then allow us to improve operating margins and deliver the value proposition.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, John.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, John.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi. Thanks for the taking the second round here. I guess the only question I have remaining is thinking about the normalization of lender-placed in, if we thought about it in the sense of a baseball game, how far into that baseball game ROE. I mean – and I know the placement rate continues to come down very, very gradually, but what's also so interesting is that the tracked – the number of tracked mortgages is really holding very, very steady. I'm just – I'm especially interested in what's going on underneath the hood of the tracked mortgages, the ins and outs there?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I'll start by caveating our ability to estimate the timing of lender-placed normalization because we've struggled with that over time. But I think it's fair to say that we are more done than not done at this point. If you think about that placement rate, which was 2.24% in the last quarter, we are now expecting and continue to expect that we end up somewhere in the 1.8% to 2.1%. So we're closer to that than we were at the high point which was almost 3%. In terms of the tracked loans we have, I think the industry-leading solution and a great track record and we've been able to sustain our position in the market over time.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Has there been any – if we thought about an inflow and outflow around that $33.3 million or $33.4 million number? Has there been any sort of underlying runoff that's been replaced essentially by taking on modest-sized portfolios?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I think if you look at the overall number, the loans are still moving around between the various servicers we're well-positioned in general whereever (38:55) that happens. There is a gradual attrition in the backlog as the foreclosure crisis is worked through. But we continue to feel we are the preferred option in the industry and in terms of your broader question, what we said at Investor Day is we think normalization pretty much is complete by 2018 and we're already seeing that for example as we talked about at Investor Day, rate actions to this point are more than normal course of working with the regulators just reflecting experience in markets. So we're already seeing some of that normalization pretty far along.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): And when you think about, the last point I wanted to get to was on premium rates and I believe that you guys had mentioned a more modest rate reduction in the State of Florida, I don't remember exactly the number or the timing of that, could you just remind us?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, again Alan mentioned we're in normal course annual rate reviews with Florida in particular, New York as well. We filed and are waiting to hear from Florida in terms of – but again, keep in mind a couple of things. Again ,we're an important source of protection – cat protection in the state. We have a very good relationship with the state, they appreciate our providing capital into that market. The other thing to remember is we haven't had a big storm in quite a while, and that's not going to continue, at some point that will happen, we'll honor the claims, we'll provide the financial support to our policyholders and do what we're set up to do, which is protect homeowners.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. So, is that Florida filing, is that available? And if so, can you tell us what the rate action that you filed for it?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: We don't – I don't have that information, John, I'm sorry.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. No problem. I'll follow up. Thank you.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Okay.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. I think that's it. Thank you for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress in July, and as always, you can reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Jisoo Suh with any follow-up questions. Thanks for everyone's time today.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-10 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - EVP, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP
Analysts: John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co. Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. And the floor will be opened for your questions following management's prepared remarks. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Executive Vice President, Chief Communications and Marketing Officer. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi - EVP, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and year end 2015 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chris Pagano, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our fourth quarter and year-end 2015 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. Beginning in the second quarter of 2015, we revised the presentation of Assurant's results to reflect our focus on housing and lifestyle specialty offerings. As a reminder, results for Assurant Health runoff operations are included only in net income and are no longer reflected in net operating income. We will continue to report Assurant Employee Benefits under operating results until the sale of that business is closed. Today's call will contain other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted at assurant.com. We'll begin our call this morning with brief remarks from Alan and Chris, before moving to Q&A. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2014 and upcoming 2015 Form 10-K. Now, I'll turn the call over to Alan.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. Our performance in the fourth quarter fell short of our expectations and is disappointing. Results were marked by profit declines in both mobile and lender-placed insurance, as well as some unusual items, which Chris will detail later. We are taking actions to address this weaker short-term performance, as we execute our multi-year transformation, and continue to deploy capital to create long-term value for shareholders. While 2016 will be a transitional year, we are confident the underlying potential of our core housing and lifestyle businesses is strong. During 2015, we made significant progress to realign our strategic focus and position Assurant for long-term profitable growth. For example, the sale of Assurant Employee Benefits to Sun Life Financial will provide Assurant with about $1 billion of net proceeds, including capital releases, and is expected to close by the end of the first quarter. The exit of our health insurance operations remains on track. All of our Affordable Care Act, or ACA, individual major medical policies lapsed as of January 1, 2016. This allows us to accelerate the wind down and begin to release the capital that supports that business. During the fourth quarter, we also focused on the go-forward organizational framework that will support profitable growth. We're realigning talent, and moving to an integrated enterprise operating model to be more agile and cost efficient worldwide. The external searches for Chris' successor as CFO and for a Chief Technology Officer are moving ahead. We expect to fill these roles in the coming months. Once leaders are in place, we will further integrate their respected teams resulting in better coordination and greater efficiencies over time. All of these steps are critical in our multi-year transformation to build a stronger Assurant for the future. Now I'll offer some business highlights, both for the quarter and the year, which reinforce our confidence in the future. At Assurant Solutions, we continued to strengthen our competitive position in the mobile industry where we now protect more than 29 million devices worldwide. During the fourth quarter, we introduced new upgrade in device buyback programs for Telefónica in Spain and expanded our relationship with their Movistar brand in Chile. While the contribution from these new relationships are initially small, they are important drivers in the global expansion of our Connected Living business and will help us to deliver 10% average annual growth in earnings long-term. We recognize the growth also will require additional investments, both in the U.S. and Internationally. As an example, last year, we increased our staff significantly within our repair and logistics operations. This allowed us to process more than 8 million mobile devices in the U.S. Investments in our capabilities and infrastructure will be critically important to increase capacity and capture share in this dynamic market. At Assurant Specialty Property, we made significant progress transforming our lender-placed platform as that business normalizes. These efforts will help us maintain our strong customer service and leadership position while we also generate savings in 2016 and beyond. We're especially pleased with the contributions of our targeted housing businesses, where we continue to leverage our deep industry expertise, and capabilities to increase revenue and profitability. For example, multi-family housing revenue increased 22% in 2015 and accounted for $280 million of premiums and fees. We increased our share of wallet with Affinity Partners and added several new national property manager relationships. Similarly, our mortgage solutions business captured share, and generated nearly $290 million of fee income for the year. Currently, we provide valuation or property preservation services to seven servicers of the top 10 servicers and five mortgage originators of the top 10 mortgage originators. We believe, there are a significant opportunities to cross-sell additional offerings and grow with existing and new clients. In the year ahead, we will continue to invest in multi-family housing and mortgage solutions as targeted areas for growth. In both of these businesses, we are well positioned for the future. Now, I'll highlight overall results for full year 2015, which exclude the health runoff operations. Operating ROE, excluding AOCI was 11.3%, reflecting lower earnings especially Property and Solutions. Total revenue for 2015 was $7.3 billion, a 4% decrease from 2014. Despite this decline, we're pleased that our targeted growth areas including mobile, multi-family housing and mortgage solutions now account for $1.6 billion of revenue, a 16% increase from 2014. These constitute primarily fee-based or capitalized businesses that complement our specialty risk offerings. In 2015, we also continued to generate strong cash flows driven by Specialty Property and Solutions which provided approximately $600 million of dividends, or almost 120% of their combined earnings. This allowed us to invest in our housing and lifestyle offerings, capitalize the wind down of health, and still return $380 million to shareholders. Looking ahead, we are focused on executing our transformation to build a stronger Assurant for the future. This year, we expect to complete our portfolio realignment and establish our new organizational framework. The ongoing normalization of lender-placed declined to non-growth areas, and variability in foreign exchange will, however, present headwinds. We are taking additional steps to position the company for profitable growth in 2017 and beyond. The proceeds from the sale of Employee Benefits, dividends from health, and cash flow from our ongoing businesses will provide significant financial flexibility. With this capital, we'll be able to fund meaningful investments to build our global lifestyle and housing offerings, and continue to return capital to our shareholders. We are also identifying opportunities to increase operating efficiencies. Last month, for example, we announced within Assurant that we are freezing our pension plan effective March 1. This action will generate annual pre-tax savings of about $35 million. In addition, we will take other actions to integrate our support functions and further streamline our operations to reduce expenses over time. I want to thank our employees for their hard work and commitment to our strategic transformation. In a short period of time, we have made significant progress. And while there is more work ahead, I'm proud of what we've accomplished and I'm confident in our future. And now, I'll turn to Chris, who will review results for the quarter in more detail. Chris?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thanks, Alan. I'll start with Solutions. Net operating income totaled $30 million, a $29 million decrease from the prior year. Nearly two-thirds of the decline was driven by weaker than expected mobile results. This included the loss of the tablet program referenced in prior quarters and $6 million of hire expenses to support existing programs and new launches expected this year. These factors along with lower production from North American retailers and continued run-off in the credit business also contributed to poorer performance in the quarter. In addition, Solutions fourth quarter included a few unusual items. We recorded $8 million of prior period accounting adjustments related to the overstatement of mobile inventory and account receivables in our legacy warranty business. This represented a cumulative adjustment with no material impact to any previous periods. Foreign exchange also created a significant headwind in the quarter, including foreign exchange losses on intercompany balances with both Latin America and Europe. The accounting adjustments and foreign exchange losses were nearly offset by a year-over-year decrease in legal reserves following a preliminary decision of an outstanding UK regulatory matter. Turning to revenue. Solutions revenue was flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. Premiums were down modestly due to foreign exchange pressures, the loss of the tablet program and declines in run-off business. Fee income now nearly 25% of Solutions quarterly revenue, increased significantly as we expanded our mobile administration and repair offerings. Looking ahead, despite recent weakness, we remain optimistic about the future prospects of Solutions. Based on current estimates, we expect earnings growth in 2016. This will, however, be more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year, due to the launch of new mobile programs, improved international profitability, and additional expense initiatives. Next, let's look at Specialty Property. Excluding the divestiture of American Reliable or ARIC, net operating income, decreased $7 million to $58 million. Results reflect the ongoing normalization of lender-placed, the previously disclosed loss of client business, and an increase in legal expenses. This was partially offset by lower reinsurance costs due to our declining exposure, as well as favorable non-cat loss experience. Also excluding ARIC, fourth quarter net earned premiums were down 8% from 2014, primarily due to a 30 basis point decline in the placement rate, which includes the previously disclosed loss of client business. While overall revenue at Specialty Property decreased, targeted growth areas contributed $157 million of premiums and fee income in the quarter, up 22% from last year, driven by mortgage solutions and multifamily housing. For the quarter, Specialty Property's total expense ratio increased 670 basis points year-over-year. Around 570 basis points of the change was driven primarily by lower premiums and higher legal costs related to outstanding matters. The remaining 100 basis points is due to growth of the fee- based business. Total expenses in absolute dollars declined modestly year-over-year, reflecting the impact of expense management initiatives already under way. We expect additional savings in 2016, as we further transform our lender-placed platform, including the implementation of new technology to further enhance efficiency and customer service. With the continued normalization of lender-placed, we expect additional reductions in Specialty Property's revenue and earnings this year. Actions are under way to transform our operating platform and diversify our mix of business, which will help us maintain attractive returns. Turning to employee benefits, fourth quarter earnings increased to $15 million driven by favorable disability and life experience. Net earned premiums and fee income increased slightly compared to the fourth quarter 2014, as growth in voluntary more than offset expected declines in true group disability. As Alan mentioned, we expect to close the sale of this business by the end of the first quarter. We have received a majority of required state regulatory approvals and are moving toward closing. At health runoff operations, the segment reported a fourth quarter net loss of $16 million, in line with our estimates. This included $11 million in severance related costs and other indirect expenses not included in the previously established premium deficiency reserves. During the quarter, we had a $250 million net infusion into health to ensure adequate levels of statutory surplus, and fund estimated exit-related charges and claims through the wind-down process. We now expect to dividend $475 million from health during 2016, with additional modest dividends expected in 2017. This is subject to regulatory approval, any significant changes in claims experience, and the final payments from the 2015 risk mitigation programs. So far, preliminary claims development in January for 2015 policies continues to track our estimates. As of December 31, we received all expected cash payments for the 2014 ACA risk mitigation programs. For 2015 policies, we booked an additional $150 million in the quarter, related to the reinsurance and risk adjustment programs. This brings the total amount accrued to $522 million. Reimbursements for 2015 recoverables will be paid in various installments starting at the end of March. Moving to corporate, we ended 2015 with $210 million in deployable capital. During the fourth quarter, we paid $33 million in shareholder dividends, reflecting our increased payout, and we repurchased $74 million worth of stock. Overall for the full year 2015, the company repurchased 4.2 million shares or nearly 6% of our common stock outstanding. This year, through February 5, we've repurchased an additional 1.1 million shares for $90 million. We believe the stock remains attractively priced. Based on our current estimates, 2016 dividends from Assurant Solutions and Specialty Property should approximate total segment operating earnings. In addition, proceeds from the sale of Employee Benefits and dividends from health will provide us with nearly $1.5 billion of deployable capital for the benefit of shareholders. As always, all dividends are subject to rating agency approval. The corporate loss for the quarter increased $11 million to $31 million, reflecting an expected reversal of a tax benefit recorded in the first half of the year as well as $3.5 million of severance and other strategic repositioning costs. This year, we expect the corporate loss to approximate $70 million. We will work to eliminate residual expenses from health and employee benefits, and implement other initiatives so that we can exit the year at a lower run-rate. For Assurant overall, we are committed to executing our transformation strategy and positioning housing and lifestyle for profitable growth long-term. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of John Nadel from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, John.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, John.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hey. Good morning, everybody. I have a couple of questions. I wanted to think about the expense ratio in Specialty Property and how we should think about that trending. I know you highlighted that the majority of the year-over-year increase in the expense ratio was driven by the insurance business, the lender-placed business. Some of that driven by the decline in revenue, but some of that as a result of an increase in legal cost. Can you give us some sense as we head into 2016, what you think a core or underlying expense ratio was for the year 2015 that we should be trending off of?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, John, let me start and offer a few perspectives and then Chris, maybe you can go a little deeper, if appropriate. The way we think about the quarter, first of all, for Property is pretty much as expected given the normalization in the lender-placed it's ongoing. We've talked about the progress we've been making transforming that platform and investing to really create the best platform and the best offering in the industry, and we see that progressing well and we still are confident that that insurance expense ratio longer term will be in the mid-40s as we've said previously. On the legal cost, these are related to the multi-state and outstanding litigation, ongoing matters, we continue to cooperate. And at the moment, we feel appropriately reserved for everything we know on those matters. But that's how I think about where we are with lender-placed.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. So, longer term if we think about the lender-placed business, we can still think about the mid-40s?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And then if I turn to Solutions, obviously fourth quarter was weak but the full year looks like it was a pretty good year. Some one-time items may be impacting the domestic and potentially even the international combined ratios, if I look at those ex- (21:32). Similar question is the Specialty Property question, if we look at the combined ratio domestic and international in Solutions for the full-year 2015 – how should we think about what you think about as the underlying core level off of which we ought to be trending as we look out to 2016 and beyond and I assume in both cases you would expect – both of the combined ratios to decline as you build the business?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, let me start with some overall thoughts on Solutions as well and then Chris I will ask you to comment on this one. Obviously, a disappointing quarter. With that said, it's important to remember the transformation that Solutions has undergone over the last couple of years. The last couple of years, we've built a global leader in the mobile and Connected Living business. We've expanded our distribution. We've added clients. We've added services and we're building a much more diversified set of earnings. With that said, it does have some quarter-to-quarter volatility on that journey, but we feel very good about the evolution of Solutions. Chris, do you want to comment more specifically?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think in general, so, again work to do on the international side – targeting the 95% combined ratio has been the long-term goal and we're going to continue to focus on increased operational efficiencies in order to achieve that. I think on the domestic side, as we move more to the fee-based model, the concept of a combined ratio probably is less relevant but I think the focus here is long-term growth in NOI. We expect to see growth 2016 versus 2015, largely backend loaded, if you will, as we ramp up some of the new programs that we've been – we've had relationships that we've talked about. And then long-term, on average, a 10% annual growth rate of NOI is still an achievable result.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And if we think about – you've talked about long-term 10% growth – the fourth quarter of 2015 obviously makes that kind of growth rate for 2016, perhaps a lot easier to achieve. I guess with maybe the exception being if there is some sustainability of a little bit of that weakness in the fourth quarter into the first part of 2016. Is that how we should be thinking about things for 2016? I mean, the outlook commentary still says growth, but it doesn't really change to reflect the fact that fourth quarter was weak. Do you understand what I'm getting at?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. No, John, I understand. We tend to not focus on the quarter-to-quarter, we focus much more on the long-term and where this business is going. If we think about 2016, what we've said is, we expect earnings growth in Solutions in 2016, that's going to be more in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. The first half of the year, we still have the ongoing impact of the tablet program that we've talked about. But by the time we get into the second half of the year, some of the new launches that we've been investing in, expenses to support really become to fruition and we expect improvement in international as well as some other expense initiatives. I think the important thing about this business is, we're feeling very good about the long-term direction and the growth, if you look at it over the last few years, has been dramatic in Solutions.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah, no question. And then, just a real quick. The $6 million of higher expenses in the fourth quarter in Solutions to start up a couple of new programs, is that a pre or after tax number?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: That number's after-tax.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Jimmy.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Good morning, Jimmy.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. So, just on the placement rate in the Specialty Property business, it has been declining, but I think that the decline's been slower than what you would have assumed a few years ago, so what's your expectation for the area when it eventually settles and your best guess as to when it gets there, because it seems like now, we've seen a consistent decline, whereas in the past, it had been a little bit more stable? Then I have another one after that.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. I guess in general, I think perhaps it was slower versus several years ago. But really right now, if you look at the year-over-year that's really in line with our expectations. I think the guidance we've given is longer-term, a 1.8% to 2.1% placement rate. What we will do at Investor Day is provide you an update, in terms of our outlook on the path forward.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And as that happens, I'd assume there would be negative expense leverage in the business. What's your ability to cut expenses to offset the impact, or have you cut expenses to the extent you were – you believe, you'll be able to?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, we are absolutely focused on operational efficiencies. We've talked in the past about Project Encore, which was a multi-year program designed to improve the customer service experience and expenses, primarily through technology enhancements. Last year, the run rate savings exceeded the net investment. We're going to continue to invest this year, and then full run rate savings will be achieved in 2017. So, the expectation is it will exit 2016 and move into 2017 with a much more – an appropriate infrastructure and expense base relative to it, keep pace with the decline in the revenue and lender-placed.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And Jimmy, the other important point there is, it's not linear quarter-to-quarter. What we're really focused on is making sure we have an operating model that can continue to deliver great consumer and client experience but that ultimately delivers that insurance expense ratio in the mid-40s. And as Chris said, we do expect significant savings in 2016, which will help offset some of the normalization of lender-placed.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then in terms of the deployment of the money that comes out of the sale of the Employee Benefits business, assuming that the sale closes at the end of the first quarter, do you expect the dividend to show up (27:50) in the second quarter, and you'd use most of that for buying back stock, would it be in the second quarter and third quarters or could it be spread over the next year?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So let me start on that and then Chris can talk in a little more detail on benefits specifically. I mean our approach to capital management remains the same as it's been now for many years, which is we're committed to this disciplined return of capital to shareholders through the dividend and the buyback as well as appropriate investments in our ongoing businesses either through organic or through M&A. With that said, Chris, do you want to comment more specifically on (28:25) and the timing.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Sure. So maybe to talk in general about all of the anticipated proceeds this year, both benefits and health, I think so we anticipate the close in the first quarter of the benefits business, those proceeds will arrive at a legal entity, we will request a dividend in the second quarter. And then, some additional ongoing release of capital throughout the balance of the year. On the health side, the focus right now is to honor our obligations to the insurance pay claims, which on the 2015 policies, which will tail off as we move through 2016. We expect receipt of the risk adjuster and reinsurance recovery receivables in the second half and expect to have the lion's share of the $475 million of dividends occur then. So sort of a second quarter and then second half significant amount of proceeds available for deployment.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then just on the usage of those proceeds, I think you've mentioned M&A and buybacks, is that still the case? And on M&A, what's the pipeline like – obviously in the past, you haven't done deals that have been as large as what's the amount that can be freed up's going to be?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. There's no change in our approach to capital management. We look at deploying it through returning it to shareholders as well as investing in the future. We have an ongoing pipeline of M&A really in and around the businesses that we play in, and you've seen the kind of deals that we've announced that are really in the mobile business, in the multifamily housing, and the mortgage solutions. They're really trying to deepen and invest in our core growth areas. We have a decent pipeline of those, but equally we are committed to return of capital.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Mark.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. You've been nice and clear about the insurance expense ratio and Specialty Property going back to the mid-40s, similar numerical target for the Solutions business. I hear what you're saying that the growth in the fee makes that a little less useful, but it was elevated this quarter. How much lower should it get back to?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, I think our focus really when it comes to Solutions is the long-term NOI targets that we talked about, again growth in 2016 versus 2015, 10% average annual growth over the long-term in that business. In terms of Q4, we had some ramp-up costs in anticipation of future program launches and servicing existing program launches. There were some additional costs associated with sourcing and servicing some of the programs that we had in place. I think between the focus on operational efficiencies within Solutions and then some of the transformational work that we've got underway at the enterprise, we expect to create some greater operational efficiencies going forward to help us achieve that 10% NOI growth target.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And then relative to the first half, you talk about growth focused on the second half, but you got some tough comps in the Solutions business. Are you going to be flat in the first half year-over-year, which would be a lot better than you did in Q4, or should we look for down in the first half?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, I don't think we want to talk about quarter-over-quarter or half-over-half, just as a reminder in the first half, we're going to have again the ongoing impact of the tablet program which we've talked about. There'll be some additional pressures around some of the traditional North American retail business, and the run-off credit business. And then in the second half as some of these programs we've described on the mobile side, start to ramp up and generate increased revenue, that's what we're going to see most of the majority of the NOI growth for the full year.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: On the Health business, I think you've touched on any of these points. But just so I've got it straight in my own mind, the incremental expense that you're looking at now relative to what you've discussed three months ago. Could you just run through those in the Health segment?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, a couple things and I'll talk a little bit about the concept of the PDR, and what's in the GAAP PDR versus the stat PDR. The GAAP PDR you can put direct expenses which we have in there. On the stat side, it's a bit more onerous, so we've already prefunded some future severance and some indirect expenses.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I'm thinking about not the timing of payout, which you've already described. But any kind of new or incremental or additional payments or expenses that have developed over the last three months?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No, I think we're on track. I think claims experience has been in line with our estimate, the expenses are also in line. I think right now, when I think about the $475 million of dividends. We've got some risk in our estimation around the reinsurance recoverable, and the risk adjuster. We do have some risk potentially in terms of how the 2015 claims emerge over – the majority of which will be over the first half of 2016. But again, better line of sight in every month that goes by where claims are in line with our expectations gives us a greater degree of comfort that we'll exit that business with some significant capital return to the holding company.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah and we mentioned this in the prepared remarks as well but the January claims experience on the 2015 policies, developed as we expected as well. So I think the good news is the last three months or four months, things in health have been performing as we have now expected.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: How much of the – in property, I think you had given the 570 basis points of impact from lower premiums, higher legal, how much of that was legal and is that going to drop off pretty quickly?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, I think on the legal side, at this point, there are ongoing matters as we mentioned. We can't quantify that, but based on what we know today, we feel appropriately reserved for the legal cost.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey. Good morning, Sean.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Sean.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning. Good morning. In property, so the loss ratio will trend to the mid-40s, is it safe to assume that your expectations for the normalized loss ratio – for the base loss ratio ex-cats will be higher than it was in 2015?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So in terms of – well again, keep in mind, the rate – there's the absolute expenses versus the ratio. I think, in 2016, I don't want to predict, but the expense saves that are coming from some of the operational efficiency programs that are under way will achieve kind of full run-rate status by the end of 2016 into 2017, that will allow us to get to that longer term 45% insurance expense ratio. In terms of loss ratios, we're seeing better non-cat loss experience, which is – some of it is mild weather related, but some of it is actually related to fire and theft trending lower. So we feel a little bit better about that, but again, keep in mind the ratio is going to be a function of not just the numerator where it should be (36:12) absolute losses, but the decline in the denominator which is the normalization of lender-placed and the lower premiums going forward.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And if we do slip into a recession in 2016, there's the possibility that the placement rate will stop contracting, correct?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I wouldn't want to speculate on that, but certainly we've seen in past housing cycles that if the housing market goes into a downturn, our business has benefited.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Great. And just a question about the tax rate in Solutions, where should we be modeling that?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: I think, longer term, we're looking at roughly in the low-30s would be a good number.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And that's because of the international mix of business?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: That's correct. Yes.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. All right.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: The mix of business internationally, yes.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kovac from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Michael. Good morning.
Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So thinking about the strong fee based sources of income that have been growing in Specialty Property, can you give us a sense of what you're seeing as the organic growth rate in those businesses maybe more specifically by some of the lines that you're targeting growth in, and fair to assume that we're close to really organic growth rates in the fourth quarter or anything we should be backing up?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, first thing I would say, we're going to, at our Investor Day, provide more disclosure around the growth areas. So that would be multifamily housing, that would be the mortgage solutions business. In the multifamily housing business, there is market growth as people rent more, we're gaining share as well and I think we've said roughly a 20% growth in that business over time. And then, in mortgage solutions, when we purchased a couple of companies that we acquired back in 2013, 2014, they had about $250 million all-in of revenue, that's now up to $290 million in 2015, and so we had pretty good growth through share gain there as well.
Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. That's helpful. And then, in terms of thinking about Solutions, I guess you'd outline some ongoing costs relative to sort of servicing ongoing programs I should say. Can you help us understand what those costs are related to, first? And then second, as it relates to Solutions expenses, when we think about program launches, is it reasonable to expect that 6 months to 12 months before the program sort of fully up or can you help us get a sense of where the incremental costs versus revenues come in when we hear those announcements?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, to answer the first half, I think the primary source of the increased expense was really sourcing phones and parts as opposed to the labor associated with the servicing. In terms of the second question, each program is different. They all start small, we – in the fourth quarter, we talked about preparing for anticipated program launches and existing programs that are going to grow, now that's largely staffing. So that's people, and I think – but I wouldn't want to put a target number on a program, because they each emerge differently.
Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. And then, one last one, the lender-placed. Any sense of what renewal premiums or rates you're getting in core states like Florida, California, and New York? And then, also sort of more broadly, are you seeing any change in competition following in the completion of the QBE National General deal in the fourth quarter?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So right now, we're in what I would call a normal course filing process. We have ongoing dialogue with all of our regulators, those filings have varying degrees of frequency. We do have some – we've modeled in, in terms of some of the anticipated revenue declines, some additional rate, which we anticipate. On the other hand, we know that we're providing a valuable product and service in terms of capacity in some of the cat-prone markets. In terms of competition, we wouldn't want to talk about anything in particular, we do feel very good about – it's a competitive market, but we feel very good about our product offering, and continue to believe that our services are appropriate, and it's why we're a market leader.
Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz from Raymond James & Associates. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Steven.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you. Hey, good morning to you guys. First, a couple on Solutions. First on the expense side, I'm wondering here if we can look at this somewhat as you look at Specialty Property in terms of providing an expense ratio, either on insurance or the fee side. Your revenues are flat year-over-year, the expenses were up after the two items that you talked about, the launch costs and the prior period adjustment, by about $33 million despite revenues being flat, but, the fee income is up dramatically. So, what I'm assuming here, and Chris, you can tell me if I'm right, is that what we're really looking at here is mix shift on the expense line?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Let me comment on that. Yeah. One of the challenges when you look at Solutions is you have very different businesses, and there is a major mix shift going on there. What we wanted to with the Investor Day is help all of our investors better understand the lines of business that we have. And so, just a couple things we plan to cover at the March 8, Investor Day, we'll talk about kind of long-term targets, and update those for both the company and then some of the key lines of businesses. We'll provide more disclosure around the key growth areas of the company, and what's really growing for the company are the fee income and capital light businesses like mobile, mortgage solutions, multifamily housing. And then, we'll talk about capital management and how that plays into achieving our long-term targets for the company. So, it's hard to give a meaningful overall number for Solutions. We'll provide more granularity at Investor Day.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. I'm sure that will all be good. And then, also on Solutions, maybe you can just remind us about the seasonality of the fee income. Obviously, you get a big boost in the fourth quarter, you did last year as well – is that marketing dollars for Christmas?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's more tied to individual carriers and partners, and what they're doing. It's not really seasonal in that way. So, it's hard to generalize that.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then, Chris, on the corporate and other, you gave guidance. Could you maybe quantify for us what you think the orphan costs will be from the exit from employee benefits and health that will be included in corporate now?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, maybe just a couple of examples. I'm not sure we can give you specific numbers, but they are reflected, first of all, they're reflected in our target run rate of $70 million, but – so, when benefits is sold and health is wound down, we're still going to have financial reporting costs. We're still going to have asset management costs associated with the other $12 billion of assets that we manage. We're going to absorb those. We did take the decision to freeze the pension plan, was designed to help offset some of those stranded costs, and then, of course, all the transformation work that's under way is also designed to not just absorb stranded overhead that we're going to see coming out of health and benefits, but also to better position the company going forward, to be more agile, but then also more efficient in terms of support functions.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Does the pension plan savings, does that run through corporate or does that run through the segments?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, it's based on pensionable wages, it's roughly half corporate and then, the rest is distributed across Solutions and Specialty Property.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hall from Wells Fargo. Please go head.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, John.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, John.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. I have a question around capital management. I guess when you sort of accelerated repurchases and the like your leverage was fairly low, it's moving up a little bit. As you go forward, should we be considering and thinking about I guess debt retirement along the way as you balance the capital management program?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, the capital management decisions and the ongoing capital structure is all part of the decision making. As we deploy the capital either through in share repurchase, dividends or organic and growth through M&A, we'll keep an eye on the debt-to-capital ratio. As a reminder, we went public with a 25% debt-to-cap and been able to stay below that going forward. Any decision that we might make around changing the capital structure would probably be one that we would do in concert with the maturing 2018, $350 million five-year note that matures. But again, this – and then, there are scenarios depending on how earnings volatility emerges and we move more towards the fee-based structure. We may decide that there's a possibility of potentially increasing leverage, but not a focus right now. We've got plenty of deployable capital, no need to go out and borrow more.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Understood. And as far as the mortgage solutions business goes, you've done a good job of penetrating across the servicers and the originators so far. I guess what's holding you back on the other five and the other three in the top 10?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we obviously, I won't comment on specific clients, but broadly, these are long sales cycles. You normally get in – get a trial. You need to prove you can deliver and over time, will grow and that's been what's happening. But we're in active discussions with many target clients that we'd like to have in our portfolio.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, John.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thanks for taking the follow-up. I just wanted to think about the impact in Specialty Property, lender-placed declining, premiums declining, catastrophe reinsurance program, costs are across the line (47:07) lower, geography is roughly similar. I just wanted to think about what kind of catastrophe loss ratio you guys would consider roughly normal as we think out to 2016. Obviously, 2015 was a light year, so if we just model a normal year we'd expect something higher, I'm just curious how you think about what a normal year would look like in points?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: John, it's very difficult to put a number on, it's variable, I mean, the only thing I will say is that we haven't had a major catastrophe hit Florida in particular and we've been – the light cat years are not going to continue, I mean, the odds don't favor that. So it's something to keep in mind. We do spend a lot of money on catastrophe reinsurance for that very reason. The fact that we've not had claims in terms of our reinsurance tower won't change what we're going to do in terms of purchasing protection because we know that preserving the balance sheet and preserving earnings stream is very important to us going forward.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The other important point, John, is as the business normalizes, our exposure risk has been coming down significantly. And as Chris said, we then build an adequate reinsurance tower to help mitigate the risk if a cat does occur.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah. I guess my point is, I assume that the business normalizes, since so much of the growth was coastal. As it normalizes, I would expect that the geography mix would revert back to a more normal level as well and your cat exposure in a more normal cat year ought to decline. Is that a reasonable way to think about it even if we can't talk numbers?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: I mean, in general, I guess that's okay, but I mean there's lots of factors that go in here. We have seen some shift in terms of the cat exposure, but it's still coastal, out of the Southeast, but into the Northeast. If you think about the most recent significant event that we had, Superstorm Sandy was a Northeast event. Again – we will make our decisions on reinsurance purchases based upon the information we have in front of us at the time. In terms of rate, rate seems to be bottoming, but as Alan mentioned, our overall exposure is going down, and that's the main driver of lower reinsurance costs.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The other important point I think is, we are with our product, providing a very valuable service to the mortgage industry, and it will have more coastal, it has always had more coastal than a normal book of business.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Understood. And then, last question, maybe it's for you, Alan. I want to think about the $74 million of buyback in fourth quarter. When you reported your third quarter earnings, I think you had mentioned in the release that you had done $74 million of buybacks in most of the month of October. So November and December obviously, you weren't in the market. You've got a significant amount of inflows to the parent coming. Is it simply a matter of timing of those cash flows to the parent that kept you out of the market in November and December or was there something else?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Many, many factors go into our thinking about repurchasing our stock. First, is our stock attractive? And we believe it is attractive, and remains attractive. In the fourth quarter, there was a lot of uncertainty around health, and we felt prudent was to hold our capital just in case. We're now feeling much better about how health has developed. And I think what you've seen us doing, and you saw us to do it in January, we were obviously actively back in the market again. And over time, we are committed to that return of capital to shareholders as well as appropriate investments in our core businesses.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, John, this is Chris, and I mean the other thing I would point out is and again we talked about this in the past. We feel very comfortable with our approach to share repurchase. Again, 10b5-1 programs in the market consistently prospective based upon our views around capital inflows and outflows. Alan's point around the conservatism or the prudent approach given the uncertainty around health is I think consistent with how we've done things in the past. And then as you go back and you look, we've bought 56 million shares since 2010 through February 5. So it's unambiguous that we're willing to return the capital and we do think share repurchase has been and will continue to be a prudent use of deployable capital.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Understood. Thank you for that.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. I think you've touched on this but the general point of with growth in fee income, does that tend to be more expense heavy upfront as a general matter and then you would assume that it will get more profitable over time?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I wouldn't think of it exactly that way. It does tend to be expense heavy that's the nature of that business. That's one of the reasons why you see the noise in those various ratios is that as we grow the fee income businesses, they have a higher component of fee expense relative to the income they generated, but I wouldn't assume that they start high expenses always and get better over time.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think the other thing to remember and I think this is one of the key components of our RF thesis (52:49) around mortgage solutions was fixed cost but gross (52:57) scale and through that achieve operational efficiencies, so there is a fixed variable element, which as we grow these businesses will create a better expense ratio going forward.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: You say you've got seven servicers of the top 10 servicers you have relationships with, what's your penetration among those seven? How much of their business do you have?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's fair to say in general, we have a small, but growing piece of their business with a lot of opportunity to consolidate a very fragmented set of relationships and markets.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And then, the final question on M&A. Are you finding the competition or valuations a little more attractive these days or is it about the same?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's hard to generalize. what I would say is, we've been very consistent on our M&A approach, which is defined kind of smaller deals that naturally fit into what we're doing, and that's where we remain focused in our M&A.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Well, thank you everyone for participating in today's call. We look forward to hosting our Investor Day on March 8, when our executive team will provide an update on our long-term strategy to reposition the company for profitable growth. As always, you can reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Jisoo Suh with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - EVP, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP
Analysts: Mike E. Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co. Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Assurant's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. And the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Executive Vice President, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi - EVP, Chief Communication and Marketing Officer: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2015 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our third quarter results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. Beginning last quarter, we revised the presentation of Assurant's results to reflect our focus on housing and lifestyle specialty offerings. As a reminder, results for Assurant Health runoff operations are included only in net income and are no longer reflected in net operating income. We will continue to report Assurant Employee Benefits under operating results, until the sale of that business is closed, which we expect to occur by the end of the first quarter 2016. Today's call will contain other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on those measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted at assurant.com. We'll begin our call this morning with brief remarks from Alan and Chris before moving to Q&A. Some of the statements made today may be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2014 Form 10-K, first quarter and second quarter and upcoming third quarter Form 10-Q. Now, I'll turn the call over to Alan.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. Our housing and lifestyle specialty protection businesses within Solutions and Specialty Property delivered solid results, as we position the company for long-term profitable growth. During the third quarter, we took significant actions to support our strategic realignment and transformation of Assurant. We reached a definitive agreement with Sun Life Financial for the purchase of Assurant Employee Benefits. The transaction will provide Assurant with $1 billion of net proceeds, including capital releases to support profitable growth long term. Preparations for the divestiture and day one integration are progressing as planned. All required regulatory filings have been submitted and we hope to receive approval to close the transaction by the end of the first quarter 2016. At Assurant Health, we completed the sale of our supplemental and self-funded businesses to National General on October 1 for $14 million. The challenges at Health increased during the quarter with higher than expected frequency and severity of claims which will require capital infusions in the fourth quarter. While this development is disappointing, the wind down process is on track. We still expect to substantially exit the health insurance market next year and release the remaining capital supporting the business. The sale of Benefits and wind down of our Health operations, support our strategic focus on specialty, housing and lifestyle markets. We see many opportunities ahead to deliver attractive returns or providing Assurant with greater flexibility to redeploy capital for the benefit of shareholders. Our enhanced capital management plan announced in September reinforces our confidence in our ongoing businesses as well as our commitment to disciplined deployment over the long term. During the third quarter, we also established an organizational framework that will support our realignment and profitable growth. The leadership changes announced in September add senior level expertise to our management committee in four critical functions; enterprise risk management, technology, strategy and business development and communication and marketing. These moves set the framework, so that we can be more agile, operate more cost efficiently and accelerate the transformation of Assurant. I'm especially pleased that Chris will take on the Chief Risk Officer role once the CFO successor is named. Our core risk management capability which Chris developed and championed provides a great foundation from which we will be able to expand our global enterprise risk practices. Our external searches for Chris successor as CFO and for our Chief Technology Officer are moving ahead. We believe our management committee will benefit from additional outside perspective, especially, given how essential technology and digital transformation are to Assurant's long-term strategy and success in housing and lifestyle. The promotions of Peter Walker and Francesca Luthi also reflect our deep bench of talent at Assurant and underscore the critical importance of strategy and communication and marketing to our ongoing success. These changes will allow our business lines to focus predominantly on critical client relationships, sales, and exceptional customer service. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the opportunities at Assurant. During the third quarter, we continued to grow market share, add client partnerships and expand our suite of global offerings. At Assurant Solutions, we launched new mobile protection programs with Google and Samsung. While the programs will start small, these partnerships represent important steps in our global expansion of Connected Living. As a leading provider of vehicle protection services, we also see opportunities to further scale and strengthen our capabilities. To support our strategy, we acquired Coast To Coast, an auto claims administrator serving more than 1,000 clients across North America. We will leverage their robust administrative platform to extend our market share. Especially Property, we continued to transform our lender-placed platform, which is core to our housing offerings. We're starting to achieve savings that will accelerate and more than offset future investments. In October, we exited the vehicle title business, which was a non-growth area for us. This business represented less than $10 million of annualized fee income and was sold for $19 million in cash proceeds. This is yet another example of our active and disciplined portfolio management. Momentum in properties targeted growth areas continued in the third quarter. Multi-family housing again will deliver double-digit growth. We anticipate mortgage solutions will contribute close to $300 million in fee income this year. This represents more than 20% organic growth from 2014. We are pleased with our progress in these areas and believe we are well-positioned for the future. Now I'll offer some highlights for results year-to-date and then Chris will provide additional details. Annualized operating ROE, excluding AOCI, was 12.5%. As a reminder, this excludes results from Health runoff operations. Assurant's net earned premiums and fees for the nine months of 2015, decreased modestly after adjusting for Health and the sale of American Reliable. This decline reflects the ongoing normalization of lender-placed. Fee income increased 27% as we broadened our service offerings beyond traditional insurance. Cash flow remains strong, mainly from Specialty Property and Solutions as we ended the quarter with $520 million of holding company capital. For the remainder of this year and into 2016, we will focus on executing our strategy to build a stronger Assurant for the future. Next year, absent significant hurricane activity, we believe we can sustain results in our ongoing businesses by expanding share in our targeted areas as we manage the normalization of lender-placed and other runoff operations. We will continue to work to eliminate the expense overhang from Health and Employee Benefits. By establishing a more efficient organization model, we will maximize resources in 2016 and beyond. These actions will allow us to realize our aspirations of generating top-quartile shareholder returns. We're optimistic about the future and encouraged by the pace of progress. And now, I'll turn to Chris, who will review results for the quarter in more detail. Chris?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thanks, Alan. I'll start with Solutions, where results were in line with our expectations. Excluding our $4.5 million net tax benefit from our international operations, segment earnings totaled $48 million for the quarter. This is compared to $55 million in the prior year period after adjusting for a $2.7 million asset impairment charge. The $7 million decline was driven by lower service contract volume at traditional retailers as consumers increasingly prefer e-commerce shopping. Earnings from mobile increased, despite the previously disclosed loss of a domestic tablet program. The improvement was driven by growth in covered devices and sustained client marketing activity. Revenues at Solutions were down slightly compared to last year. This was due to the tablet program loss, foreign exchange volatility and declines at retailers. The decrease was partially offset by more than 20% growth in the vehicle service contract business from higher production at new and existing clients. Fee income also increased 21%, driven by mobile programs where we continue to expand our repair and logistics offerings. Looking ahead to 2016, we remain focused on driving sustainable, profitable growth. We believe our integrated Connected Living offerings along with improved international results and expense discipline will be key drivers as we absorb larger declines from retail clients and the runoff of our domestic credit operations. Now, let's turn to Specialty Property, where results came in stronger than expected. Net operating income declined $17 million to $87 million. This was driven by ongoing lender-placed normalization and client contract changes noted in previous quarters. Overall results, however, benefited from lower catastrophe reinsurance cost, no hurricane activity and lower non-catastrophe losses. Lower frequency and severity trends contributed to the improved loss experience. We're also encouraged by the increasing contributions from multi-family housing and mortgage solutions. Net earned premiums and fees decreased 12% after adjusting for the sale of American Reliable. This was due to declines in lender-placed including the previously disclosed loss of client business. The impact was greater in the third quarter as a higher volume of policies for this client were renewed and transferred to the new carrier. We expect the transition of these policies to be largely complete by year-end. Specialty Property fee income increased 21% year-over-year. This was primarily due to growth in our property preservation offerings as we added new clients and leveraged cross-selling opportunities. Turning to expenses, our reported expense ratio increased 520 basis points year-over-year to around 52%. One-third of the increase was due to a greater proportion of fee-based business with the balance primarily caused by lower lender-placed premiums. Excluding mortgage solutions, our insurance expense ratio increased 300 basis points to roughly 45%. We've made additional investments in our lender-placed platform, and we're able to generate net savings in the third quarter with more efficiency gains expected into 2016. These investments will help to keep our insurance expense ratio in the mid 40%s longer term as we modify the infrastructure to align with the lender-placed declines. We are pleased with Specialty Property's results thus far this year. In 2016, our focus will be to grow by adding new clients and increasing penetration in mortgage solutions and multi-family housing, while executing our lender-placed transformation. Results at Employee Benefits were in line with expectations, earnings totaled $10 million for the quarter, a slight decline from third quarter 2014, due to less favorable dental and disability results. Net earned premiums and fee income increased modestly as expected declines in employer-paid products were more than offset by strong voluntary growth. Expansion of voluntary continues to be driven by a diverse product offering and a robust benefits communication and administration platform, which we believe complements Sun Life's existing business. We are committed to ensuring a seamless transition for brokers, clients, and employees as we prepare to close the sale by the end of the first quarter 2016. As we preannounced last week, Assurant Health runoff operations posted a net loss of $144 million for the third quarter. We experienced higher-than-expected frequency and severity of claims on 2015 ACA individual major medical policies. Third quarter results also included a strengthening of the premium deficiency reserves to account for higher estimated future losses and other direct expenses through 2017. We incurred $17 million after-tax in severance and other exit-related charges. In order to maintain adequate statutory surplus levels, we will infuse an estimated $200 million into Health in the fourth quarter of this year. As of January 1, 2016, our block of ACA individual major medical policies will terminate. We expect most claims related to these policies to be paid by the end of the second quarter. In the months ahead, we will continue to refine our estimates for the premium deficiency reserves based on actual loss experience, recoverables under the 2015 ACA risk mitigation program and additional exit-related charges. At the same time, we are evaluating alternative options to limit the length and expenses associated with the wind down period. As noted in the release, recoverables for 2015 policies under reinsurance and risk adjusted programs totaled $371 million as of September 30, 2015. Consistent with prior quarters, we did not accrue any net recoverables for the risk corridors. The majority of reimbursements for 2015 recoverables are expected to be paid in the third quarter of 2016. We will continue to monitor for any updates to that timetable or changes in payment authorization. Moving to Corporate, we ended September with $270 million of deployable capital. During the third quarter, segment dividends totaled $188 million reflecting solid profitability in our ongoing businesses and capital releases from lender-placed. We made additional investments in our vehicle service contract capabilities and returned $47 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. Additionally, in the first three weeks of October, we bought $74 million worth of stock. Year-to-date, we've repurchased 4.2 million shares representing 6% of total shares outstanding. We continue to view the stock as attractively priced. Over the course of the next 18 months, we will deploy capital prudently through a combination of share buybacks, common stock dividends and investments in housing and lifestyle. As always, the timing and pace of our buyback programs take into account a variety of factors. We will continue to monitor claims development at Health and as needed factor that into our decision making. The corporate loss for the quarter increased to $27 million, primarily reflecting an expected reversal of tax benefits reported in the first half of this year and $2.5 million of strategic repositioning costs. For the full year, the net operating loss for corporate is expected to be around $65 million, excluding repositioning costs. Our focus for the remainder of 2015 is to position the company for profitable growth. We will do so while successfully managing the upcoming sale of Employee Benefits and continuing the exit of the health insurance market. We believe all of the actions underway are critical to building a stronger company for the future. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now opened for questions. And your first question comes from the line of Mike Kovac from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Mike.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Good morning, Mike.
Mike E. Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question here. So lots of positive developments with the sale of Benefits and the updated deployment guidance and some strong operating results in the quarter. But once place that we've sort of seen a continued drag is the Health business. And I'm wondering if you could maybe discuss in a little more detail what made you make the changes in this quarter versus really just 90 days ago when you set up the PDR. What are you seeing? Is there sort of third-party data that maybe you got at this point that you didn't have at that?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Appreciate the question. Maybe I'll start, and then Chris, I'll let you go into a little more detail. The challenges in the Health business are an industry challenge as much as an Assurant challenge, and you need to remember – we all need to remember, this is uncharted territory for the industry. These are polices that were originally priced and designed in the second quarter of 2014 to be sold this year and the market is still evolving and people are still evolving what's happening in the marketplace. I think the results and the variability we've seen kind of reaffirm our decision to exit, and we're very focused on now executing that wind down as best we can. But Chris what would you add on the quarter?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No. I guess the one thing I would comment on, again, the PDR is a forward-looking measure and so what we saw in the third quarter was higher than expected claims frequency and severity. And in addition to increasing claim reserves for the third quarter activity, we then decided that based upon that activity, we felt it was prudent to increase the PDR to reflect future loss experience and then some additional exit cost. So again, we're not really expecting an improvement in the fourth quarter, but our best estimate as of this point in time is captured in the PDR that we – the 169 PDR that we've got on for – at the end of third quarter.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think the last thing I'd say on this, we're now on track as we've said to substantially exit the Health business by the end of 2016.
Mike E. Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. That's helpful. And then if I could, switching to Solutions, look like a number of new contracts that you've established in the quarter. One place that I guess I still had questions was in the International business – that's the place that you've sort of continued to run over a 100% combined ratio. I don't believe you call that any one-timers this quarter. Can you kind of discuss what activities you're taking to improve the profitability and what tools you have at your disposal to maybe drive that combined ratio down over time?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We're really focused in Solutions and in Property on adding new growth vectors, new clients extending our offerings, and really living this being more than an insurance company which we are. With that said, FX volatility and some other challenges going on in international, Chris, you might want to comment on that.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. I guess, we continue to believe we can achieve a 95% combined ratio longer term. This year, there's been a few one-offs in the earlier quarters but we continue to move toward that. We're on track there and think longer term we can get to the 95%.
Mike E. Kovac - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Seth Weiss from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Seth.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hey, good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: A quick one on Health, can you just update us on where stat capital is at the end of this quarter? I believe it was $340 million as of the midpoint of the year?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, we ended third quarter with around $200 million of statutory capital. Again, that is pre-infusion, the $200 million that we've talked about in the prepared remarks is a fourth quarter level. And again, we continue – this is our best estimate. Keep in mind the capital infusion is based upon the stat PDR calculation, which is a bit more onerous and thorough with respect to what can be included. So, again, best estimate to the extent that we need to infuse more down the road, we're going to continue to monitor claims activity and make the necessary adjustments.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just I guess on how the stat accounting works, is the theory that whatever stat charge you took should kind of make stat earnings run at a zero level for the next six quarters or should we expect to see a little bit more bleed-through on losses on the stat side?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, the losses that are captured in the stat PDR, stat measure PDR, are more comprehensive on the GAAP side. So, again the $400 million is our best estimate right now. There will be some variability. But again, all of these policies terminate at the end of the year and capital is driven primarily by premiums. So as the business – as we exit the business, the capital will be released. We expect to get the majority of it back towards the end of 2016 with again the caveat being that we're still monitoring the claims experience in the fourth quarter.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And let me just clarify, Chris, I think you said $400 million, we put – we're planning to put $200 million additional capital into the fourth quarter, which brings us to a total stat capital of $400 million.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Absolutely. Sorry.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. And if I could ask one on the Specialty Property, specifically thinking about the decline in placement rate, which is 30 basis points year-over-year. I understand this lost client portfolio of 600,000 loans from last year had a pretty substantial impact. Could you highlight or segregate out how much of the 30 basis points decline is attributable to that one client portfolio?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: I don't think we've provided that. I mean I think the way I think about it is this was a higher than normal renewal quarter for that particular client, which had a disproportionate contribution to decline in the placement rate quarter-over-quarter. But the one thing you really want to focus on is 1.8 to 2.1 long term, that's where we think this is going. And again, we are – in years past, we were early and inaccurate predictors of the normalization. We feel like it is well underway now and we're taking the steps to adjust the infrastructure and then reposition our offerings around some of the fee-based business that we've talked about with respect to mortgage solutions.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is now open.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Mark.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Good morning.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Could you give us some sense on both sides of the business? You've described some very nice puts and takes. Could you give us a sense of where you think sales, the top line should trend in 2016? Just sort of very roughly, are we going to see positive growth in Solutions? Where would you expect the Property to shake out?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we'll – at the fourth quarter earnings call in February, we'll give an outlook for 2016 that will more specifically address that question. What I would reiterate is something I said in the call remarks, which is that as we think about next year broadly absent cats or significant hurricane activity, we believe we can sustain results in our ongoing businesses really through the combination of growth and market share expansion in Property and Solutions, which offsets the ongoing lender-placed normalization and some of the other runoff operations we have around credit and service contracts.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Is that adjusting for the divestiture of the Benefits business? You sustain results in the Property and Solutions segments?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, in the ongoing businesses, yes. And we'll provide more specifics on how we think about 2016 on that February earnings call for the fourth quarter.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then within Solutions, the shift away from traditional retailers to e-commerce, I think you have mentioned a point about absorbing larger declines from traditional retail. Where do we stand in that shift? How much more do you have to absorb? Obviously, you're offsetting that with new customers. How should we think about that?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It's a long process that's been underway for a few years now and we think will continue to play out over the next couple of years. We've been very focused on broadening our distribution to be everywhere the consumer wants to go. And I think as you've seen from some of the announcements of our new partnerships, we feel like the Solutions team is making great progress in doing that, but more to come on the traditional retailers.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Sean.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning. Just as we look out to the fourth quarter, just wanted to get your initial thoughts on the South Carolina flooding and the hurricane that eventually came through Texas. Are these probably going to be reportable cat events for you?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think our best guess at this point is they'll be reportable cat events in the case of the flooding. Flood claims tend to take some time to – for experience to evolve. So, it takes a little bit longer for us to figure out the full estimate, but we do expect they will be – both be reportable cat events not certainly necessarily that material but they will affect results in the fourth quarter.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then can you just give us more color on how the fee businesses you're layering in, in Property are going to allow you to keep results probably consistent with 2015. I mean I guess it depends on where one has the placement rate going, but does that imply you're going to need to acquire more fee-based businesses over the next six months or so to be able to keep earnings level?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Sean, let me just make sure I was clear on what I said about 2016, which is when we talk about being able to sustain results, that's for the Assurant ongoing businesses. It's not a specific comment or Property versus Solutions.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We think about it as the overall portfolio of ongoing businesses.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The positive in the fee income is, as we – I mentioned in the call script, we've had very strong organic growth building off of those selective M&A deals we did in 2013 and 2014 to create the mortgage solutions business. And then as you saw, we did another very small M&A deal in the quarter with Coast To Coast, really a similar thing building additional fee income around our vehicle service contract business. So, good organic growth in our fee income businesses. Probably continue very selective extensions of what we do around these businesses.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, Sean, the other thing I would just – sorry, just point out there, remember that there is intangible amortization that's going to occur in both Property and Solutions. That's going to be a drag on NOI, but not on cash flow, which is how we're thinking about acquisitions on a go-forward basis.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Got it. And just one follow-up. The type of businesses that you're adding to Property, are they depending on origination levels, both refi and purchase, because if you look at like MBA forecast, total originations are forecasted to get down because if interest rates rise, presumably refi's will crawl to a – will stop to a crawl at most. So, I'm just wondering how sensitive you are to mortgage origination levels.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, a couple of thoughts on that. If you think about the Property preservation business, that is really not related to that level of origination at all. The appraisal business is somewhat related to the origination activity. But more importantly, we're focused on gaining market share, which we've been doing, as we said 20% plus growth this year really driven by our strong relationships and partnerships with mortgage servicers that allows us to cross-sell these services. And so we feel good about our ability to continue to grow no matter what the external environment is for that business.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the last question comes from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning. I wanted to follow up on Mark Hughes' question about the Solutions and the brick and mortar versus Internet. Maybe we can delve into that a little bit more. I'm really wondering what is the mix shift going on. Is it a shift from some existing retailer that you already have onboard, going – more of their sales going to Internet, which make sense and you doing not as well on the Internet side as you had done on the bricks and mortar side or is this a case of, I don't know, business going to ipads.com or something like that, somebody that you have no relationship whatsoever?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So a lot of dynamics going on. Really, what's driving all of this is consumer behavior is changing and increasingly consumers are buying digitally, whether that's from a traditional retailer's digital site or whether that's from these new and emerging digital players. What we have been doing, I think, very effectively is Solutions team is building these relationships and partnerships with the digital providers. We've talked in the past about eBay, Google, we mentioned today and there's really a rotation going on from traditional retailers to these digital retailers and we feel well positioned, certainly something when we next have an Investor Day in March, which I'll talk about in a minute, we'll provide a lot more detail on how this business is evolving.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Just one more follow-up on that. Alan, do you – my assumption would be that you would tend to do worse on sales – Internet sales, placement if you want to call it that, because there is not a human offering of the product, is that a fair statement?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not necessarily. It varies a lot by retailer and digital retailer. I wouldn't want to generalize like that.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. All right. That's all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Nadel, Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, John.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hey, John.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi. It's a constant. Good morning. I guess I have a couple of questions. The first one, I wanted to think about the non-cat loss ratio or benefit ratio within Specialty Property. You guys talked about the idea that non-catastrophe weather and even non-weather related claims activity was pretty favorable this quarter, a 35% benefit ratio. I think it seems to be an unsustainable level. There is a lot of moving parts within the segment. I'm wondering if you can give us a better sense for, if activity was more normalized, about what level that 35% should be going forward?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, we think kind of the mid 30%s is sort of the longer term rate, keep in mind a couple of things. So, when you talk about non-cat loss ratio, there is mild weather that contributes to that, which of course is not something we can control, but then, we're seeing nationwide trends around fire, theft and vandalism that are positive. Just keep in mind, however, that longer term lower premium is going to be the bigger driver of that percentage. And so, it will drift higher as the normalization continues.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah. I guess I'm just trying to understand if this was a more normal quarter, whether weather is mild or not, or maybe let's forget about the quarter and think about it over the course of a year, should 35% be more like 38% or 40%? Or – I'm trying to get a sense for how big the order of magnitude is?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. I mean I think that's fair. I mean clearly, the quarter benefited from a lower non-cat loss ratio, whether it's 3% or 5%, I mean again that's subject to debate, but again, it's the lower premium we're talking about, some of the expense takeouts that we're focused on. But 2015 has absolutely been better than it's been in the past several years.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah. Okay. Then on the Health side, I was hoping you could give us a sense maybe in percentage terms or some way of thinking about the order of magnitude, how much worse in third quarter did actual claims activity get relative to either the second quarter or the first half of the year, that resulted in this pretty significant increase, not only in the actual claims but in the – your expectations for claims going forward?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, again, so if you think about the total – the reserve strengthening and the adjustment to the premium reserve deficiency – deficiency reserve, excuse me, roughly 50-50. I mean, claims were 30% higher in the third quarter, caused us to strengthen (37:19)...
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Is that 30% higher quarter-over-quarter versus Q2?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: That's correct. Yes.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: And again, we're – just as Alan points out, certainly the results were disappointing, but this is unchartered territory. And I think the way we think about it is we have another quarter of claims and then this business moves into – we'll substantially be out of it. Premiums will drop significantly starting 1/1 as none of these policies will renew. We'll manage the claims process and the recoverables into the first half of 2016 and then expect to get majority of the statutory capital back over the second half of 2016 into early 2017.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Maybe – can I ask you and maybe this way, so obviously based on the accruals and assumptions you've got built into the balance sheet at this point for Health and really more thinking about it on the statutory basis, if things played out exactly as you expect, that $400 million inclusive of the infusion you're going to make this quarter, that $400 million will come back or something very close to that $400 million will come back to the parent in late 2016. How much worse would claims activity need to get to exhaust the entirety of that $400 million? Is it another 30% or is it 100% or something? Can you give...
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: John, I think the way we think about it is certainly there is potential for additional variability, given this is unchartered waters for the industry. We're monitoring it closely. We've assumed that things don't get better from where they are today, will that assumption ultimately be right? There's no way to know. But we are monitoring closely. The other important thing here is that we are honoring all of our obligations to our policyholders as we wind down this business.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): I hear you, Alan. I mean I get that's a very important message. I'm just trying to get a sense for how much buffer that $400 million would provide shareholders against a further capital infusion, if things worsened?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We can't really speculate on it. As we've said, there's variability potential here. We've assumed that the claims remain elevated as we look forward.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And then, I know we'll talk more about an outlook for 2016 when you report your fourth quarter earnings in a few months, but can you give us a sense directionally at least thinking about the Corporate operating loss of $65 million, give or take, for 2015, ex some of the sale related costs, how should we think about that trending, because I assume you'll have to absorb some overhead that was formerly allocated to the Benefits and the Health business, but I'd...
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): ...also I guess on the other side assume that you'd be doing some cutting?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So maybe – let me answer that by giving you a little bit of a sense of our broader 2016 priorities, because we're very positive and bullish on how this company is evolving. First thing, we're really focused on as we look to next year is completing this strategic repositioning. That's completing the sale of AEB, which we expect to happen in the first quarter, completing the substantial wind down and exit of Health, and really continuing to expand and grow our positions in housing and lifestyle, where we're very well positioned for taking market share and growing with growing markets. We are working hard to eliminate the overhang from Health and Employee Benefits. Some of the organizational changes that we announced last month and that allow us to really create a more agile, more efficient organization model. When you put all that together, that's how we're comfortable saying we think we can sustain results absent a cat next year in our ongoing businesses well absorbing the continuing normalization of lender-placed and some of the other runoffs in the retail business.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Understood. And just to clarify, so assuming – I think another way of saying that is that you'd expect relatively flat earnings, is that – that is inclusive of corporate or is that just talking about Solutions and Specialty Property?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That I'm talking about the entire Assurant company.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Got it. Okay. And then a real quick, one last one for you. I know it's a little bit backward looking here but your capital position was very strong. You obviously had very – you had a lot – you exhibited a lot of confidence even before the announced sale of the Benefits business to Sun Life. You exhibited a lot of confidence in that process. I'm just curious, was there anything specific that held down the buyback in the third quarter, whether it was blackout (42:27) self-imposed related to the Benefits business sale, or just conservatism given it was hurricane season, some way of thinking about that.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Let me start broadly on capital and then I'll ask Chris to comment more specifically. If you think about capital management and deployment, that's been a cornerstone of Assurant's strategy for many years and we've got a very strong track record. As we mentioned we've bought back 6% of the shares year-to-date in 2015. We announced a significant enhancement of our capital management around the timing of the Benefits sale with the increase in the dividend as well as the increase in the buyback authorization. We don't tend to focus as much on quarter-to-quarter as we do think about returning capital over time. But Chris what would you add?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No, I mean I think and John, we've talked about this before, but again, this is a long-term process. If you look back over our track record the last five or six years, you can see a willingness to return capital to shareholders via share repurchase. We continue to think the stock is attractive. We want to be in the market consistently. Our pattern over the years has been to be a bit conservative heading into cat season. We're now coming out of cat season. We've got better visibility around operating earnings and the availability of those earnings as segment dividends. We've got the issue with Health and the infusion that's going to require. And then again, we look out in the first quarter, there is going to be a billion of proceeds and release of capital from the sale of Benefits, future operating earnings and then the return of capital from Health as we run the business off and exit by the end of 2016. So, again not quarter-over-quarter, but if you look at the 12-month to 18-month time horizon, you can see ample financial flexibility to execute on our capital management priorities.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah. No, totally understand. Like I said I recognize it was a backward looking question, but it's the most popular question I got last night after you reported.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Okay. It's all right. Thank you.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Weiss from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Seth.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hey, Seth.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for letting me sneak one more in. And maybe just a follow-up on John's question on capital deployment and things forward-looking over the next couple of quarters. You'll get a lot of capital at the end of the first quarter but if we think about the next couple of quarters and potentially some limits on capital return, how would you think about that $250 million risk buffer that you set up or that you refer to, given that we'll get a good deal of capital in the first quarter and that there's now going to be a higher infusion of capital and Health, which should help manage at least some of the earnings volatility in the next couple of quarters?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. So I mean, I think really we're talking about a timing issue and again we kind of talked about this time horizon 12 months to 18 months through the first quarter of 2017 basically and holistically how you think about inflows and outflows. In terms of the fourth quarter, again, we've talked about the Health infusion of $200 million. We've got some earnings from the operating segments that are going to come up. We tend to backend load our operating segment dividends. We've done that many, many years and feel pretty good about what we see in the fourth quarter. It's been a fairly light cat season, although we will have some cat losses in the fourth quarter to address. But really when I think about it – I don't want to think about it one quarter versus the next, but just more broadly over a – again in this case 12 months to 18 months with good line of sight on some substantial capital inflows.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. But fair to say that you intend to at least maintain that $250 million buffer next quarter?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Again, when I – I put on my CRO hat now a little bit early, but I think that was a byproduct of some work we did in the early phases of our enterprises management initiative. We continue to evaluate it, but at this point feel it's still the right number for us on a go-forward basis.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: And your last question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is now open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. Hello. The recoverables in the Health business, I think you'd mentioned $370 million, was that right, the risk-corridor and the reinsurance recoverables?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: The...
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: ...risk adjuster and the reinsurance recoverable, Mark, so rough – it's $160 million or so risk adjuster for 2015 and about $210 million for the reinsurance recoverable.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And we had no net risk corridor on our books.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right. And so you – assuming everything works out, you get your $200 million stat capital back, the extra $200 billion putting in 4Q and then those other recoverable, those should show up roughly 3Q, that's all additional cash that's available for other purposes, is that right?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, well, there's cash and the return of capital. So, I think when you think about how much capital we're going to get back out of the business, it's bounded by the $400 million currently with any future adjustments to be made as claims emerge.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right. But then you pull that essentially working capital out of the business as well in the form of these recoverables, is that right?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Those are offsets to claims we've already paid, so it will not – that's not money that'll come back up to the holding company.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Where does that cash sit once you recover it?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: These are against paid claims.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. Sits within the Health segment.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right. Okay. And then the Health business, did you send out cancellation notices to consumers? Did that spark some additional flurry of utilization? And if so, what was the timing on that? Has that stabilized?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So we did announce to our insurers that we were exiting the Health business. We're looking at the contributing factors, I mean again, it's – in terms of what cause the increasing claims activity, there's a seasonality element that always comes into play towards this, in the second half, but again back to the PDR, is our best estimate factoring in, the information we have available now and our best estimate of the loss experience and expenses going forward.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The other thing I'd add just quickly is if you look at the industry data we have which has lagged, so it's not up to date, it lags a few months. The industry is experiencing higher elevated claims as well, so we can't completely parse apart everything in it, but it's an industry wide issue as well.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And when would you have notified the insureds?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We started all around early June after our announcement.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then I may need to go back to accounting 101, but on the recoverables you've already paid the claims. You've got certain recoverable. Once you get paid, is that not cash in your pocket or am I thinking about that the wrong way?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, that's correct.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. So it is incremental cash that you'll receive, the $360 million, $370 million or so will be cash that you could then use for other purposes. It won't be earnings, but it will be cash that you'll receive?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, it's cash that's been paid out that we're then going to get money back on. We'll have paid that out over the course of the 2015 cohort claims experience.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Exactly. And then the cash will be coming back to you, so to speak, or you'll be refunded on that particular amount, so that cash will then be available for other purposes?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: That's correct. We have a recoverable on the books that will become cash.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right. So you will be winding down that working capital, so to speak. Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Well, thanks everyone for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress when we report year-end results in February and at our Investor Day which we've now scheduled for March 8 in New York. As always, you can reach out to our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Marketing and Communications Alan Colberg - President and Chief Executive Officer Chris Pagano - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Nadel - Piper Jaffray Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Sean Dargan - Macquarie Michael Kovac - Goldman Sachs John Hall - Wells Fargo Jimmy Bhullar - JPMorgan Mark Hughes - SunTrust
Operator: Welcome to Assurant’s Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following management’s prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Marketing and Communications. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thank you, Matthew and good morning everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2015 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chris Pagano, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our second quarter 2015 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. As noted in our news release beginning with the second quarter, Assurant is revising its presentation of results to reflect our focus on housing and lifestyle specialty protection products and services. As we wind down our major medical operations, results for Assurant Health are now included only net income and are no longer reflected in net operating income. We will continue to report Assurant Employee Benefits under operating results as we pursue a sale of that business. Certain prior period results in the financial supplement and in the news release have been revised to conform to the new presentation. We believe these changes provide a more meaningful presentation of quarterly results and better reflect our strategic focus. Today’s call will contain other non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are important in evaluating the company’s performance. For more details on these measures, the comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted at assurant.com. We will begin our call this morning with brief remarks from Alan and Chris before moving to Q&A. Some of the statements made today maybe forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday’s news release as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2014 Form 10-K, first quarter and upcoming second quarter Form 10-Q. Now, I will turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Francesca and good morning everyone. We are pleased with our overall performance in the second quarter. We are moving forward with our strategic realignment as we positioned Assurant for long-term profitable growth. During the quarter, our momentum continued in housing and lifestyle. We grew market share, added client partnerships and expanded our products and services globally. At Assurant Solutions, we have strengthened our lifestyle offerings in connected living, which includes service contracts and mobile. We extended our partnership with the leading U.S. mobile carrier to offer buyers’ remorse program. We will leverage our repair and logistics expertise to refurbish the unwanted devices and resell them to our global distribution channels creating value for consumers, our client and Assurant. Worldwide, mobile currently accounts for approximately 25% of Solutions revenue and more than a third of its profitability. We have begun working with eBay to develop and launch an extended service contract program for new and used auto parts and accessories in the U.S. This new agreement builds on our long history in the auto warranty sector and leverages our expertise supporting online retailers. These partnerships reinforce our ability to offer solutions to customers across multiple distribution channels. This is another example of redeploying our capabilities into adjacent specialty areas, where we can win. At Assurant Specialty Property, we are transforming our lender-placed platforms to increase efficiency, while also maintaining exceptional client service. At the same time, our mortgage solutions business delivered strong organic growth as we integrated key functions across property preservation and appraisal management to provide additional value for our clients. We also broadened our multifamily housing capabilities through the acquisition of our receivables management company. During the quarter, we made progress with respect to the sale of Assurant Employee Benefits. Market interest continues to confirm our view that Employee Benefits is a valuable company. The process is moving ahead as planned and we expect to announce the sale by the end of the third quarter. The wind down at Assurant Health continues and we are on track with all notifications and actions so that we can substantially exit the health market by the end of 2016. Following our announcement last month, we stopped issuing new major medical policies. We also reached an agreement in principal to sell our supplemental and self-funded product lines to National General. Now, let me offer some highlights from our second quarter results and then Chris will provide additional details. Annualized operating ROE, excluding AOCI, was 13.3% year-to-date. As noted, this excludes Health results. Also, adjusting for the sale of American Reliable, Assurant’s total revenue was roughly level with second quarter of 2014 as anticipated declines in lender-placed were offset by increases in mobile and mortgage solutions fee income. We are pleased that targeted growth areas in solutions and property are up 14% and now account for 26% of the revenue for these segments as well as a significant portion of profits. We will continue to align resources toward our best opportunities and adjacent areas. As we sharpened our strategic focus, Solutions and Specialty Property again generated strong cash flow in the second quarter. This allowed us to return $124 million to shareholders through buybacks and dividends, invest in our specialty businesses, and capitalize health to account for certain exit-related cost. At the end of the quarter, we had $460 million of corporate capital at the holding company. We believe the capital that released during the next 18 months from the Health wind down and the sale of Employee Benefits will provide us with significant flexibility. We will deploy this capital to build the stronger Assurant and create additional long-term value for shareholders. Our second quarter results reinforced our strategic decision to build on our strength in housing and lifestyle. Our sharper focus allows us to leverage our track record of sustained industry leadership to maximize opportunities for profitable global growth. We will continue to extend beyond insurance to offer integrated services related to consumer risk events. This includes growing our fee-based businesses that require less capital and generate more predictable earnings and cash flow over time. As always, we are committed to disciplined capital deployment through investments in the business and return of capital to shareholders. We believe these actions will allow us to realize our aspirations of generating top quartile shareholder returns. We are excited about the future and encouraged by our progress and momentum. And now, I will turn to Chris who will review results for the quarter and our outlook for 2015 in more detail. Chris?
Chris Pagano: Thanks, Alan. I will start with Solutions, where core results were in line with our expectations. Excluding a net tax benefit, segment earnings totaled $52 million for the quarter. The $7 million year-over-year decline was primarily attributable to the previously disclosed loss of a tablet program in May and less income from mobile carrier marketing programs. International results were negatively affected by foreign exchange pressures and higher legal expenses related to a review of payment protection policies issued in the UK during 2003 and 2004. Turning to pre-need, the business benefited from lower mortality as well as continued growth from our partnership with SCI. Overall, revenue at Solutions was flat compared to second quarter of last year consistent with our outlook for 2015. The client loss noted earlier, foreign exchange volatility, and expected declines at certain brick-and-mortar retailers offset growth in vehicle service contracts and other mobile programs. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by sales momentum in connected living, vehicle service contracts, and pre-need, which we believe will generate profitable growth in future years. Now, let’s turn to Specialty Property, which had a very strong quarter exceeding our expectations. Net operating income increased $19 million to $87 million driven by lower claims activity. The loss ratio improved 840 basis points year-over-year due to fewer reportable catastrophes and reduced frequency and severity of non-catastrophe claims. As a reminder the second quarter of 2014 included $22 million of adverse reserve development related to severe winter weather. Adjusting for the sale of American Reliable revenues decreased 2%, as declines in lender placed were nearly offset by strong growth in targeted areas. We continue to capture market share in mortgage solutions while expanding our service capabilities in multi-family housing. We will continue to diversify into adjacent higher margin fee based businesses. Moving to expenses, our reported expense ratio increased 400 basis points year-over-year to approximately 50%. Two-thirds of the increase was to due a greater proportion of fee based business. Excluding mortgage solutions, our insurance expense ratio increased by only 100 basis points to roughly 43%. This was driven mainly by lower insurance premiums. We have also made additional investments in our lender placed platform to improve efficiencies long-term. We are on track to generate net savings in the second half of 2015 with more to come next year. These initiatives will help us maintain an insurance expense ratio in the mid-40s despite declining lender placed revenue. Earlier in the month, we finalized our 2015 catastrophe reinsurance program purchasing $1.3 billion of coverage. We were pleased to complete our program on attractive terms while also lowering our retention nearly 20% to $155 million. This comprehensive protection is an important part of our global risk management strategy. For 2015, we expect properties revenue and earnings to decline due to the divestiture of American Reliable and the ongoing modernization of lender placed. As the inventory of seriously delinquent loans decreases placement rates will continue to decline for our forecasted range of 1.8% to 2.1% in the next few years. Profitable growth within multi-family housing and mortgage solutions along with international property expansion will enable specialty property to maintain attractive returns long-term. Turning to employee benefits, earnings in the quarter decreased by $3 million to $11 million due to less favorable life and disability results compared to second quarter 2014. While within the normal range of volatility we saw a modest increase in disability incidence and an increase in life claims. Dental experience in the quarter remained favorable. Net earned premiums and fee income increased 3%. Our strong voluntary platform including dental more than offset declines in employer paid products. We were pleased by persistency and sales remained robust. The Assurant Health run off operations reported a net loss of $124 million for the second quarter including $107 million of exit related charges. These charges are mainly comprised of premium deficiency reserves, asset impairments and severance. Premium deficiency reserves totaled $80 million after tax and reflect our view that future premiums and current claims reserves for major medical will be inadequate to cover future claims and direct expenses. The amount recorded in the quarter was slightly above our initial range to account for additional expenses through the wind down. At the end of the second quarter we have received final notice from the centers from Medicare and Medicaid services, CMS regarding risk mitigation payments for 2014 ACA policies. We were pleased that the final amounts for reinsurance and the risk adjustment transfer were slightly better than March 31 estimates. This resulted in a net benefit of $9 million booked in the quarter. CMS confirmed that insurance carriers should receive payments during the third and fourth quarters. We will continue to monitor for any changes to that timetable. We applied the lessons learned from 2014 and updated industry data to our 2015 estimation process. In the quarter, we approved $117 million under the risk mitigation programs for 2015 effective policies. This included $68 million for reinsurance and $49 million for the risk adjustment. As of June 30, recoverables for 2015 policies under both programs totaled $237 million. Consistent with last quarter we did not approve any net recoverables for the risk corridors. Going forward, we expect to incur an additional $80 million to $95 million of exit costs, primarily related to severance. We will continue to refine our estimates for exit related costs and the premium deficiency reserves based on actual loss experience, recoverables under the ACA risk mitigation programs and timing of expense reductions. Results that helped will also reflect certain overhead expenses that cannot be included in the premium deficiency reserve calculation. Moving to corporate we ended June with $210 million of deployable capital. Total segment infusions in the second quarter net of dividends were $70 million as we funded capital needs at health primarily form operating cash flow. We infused $215 million into health to account for estimated total exit related costs through the wind down period which are recognized immediately under statutory accounting. We believe that this will largely satisfy the capital needs during health runoff subject to any significant changes in our assumptions for claims experience and exit related expenses. We expect capital supporting health will be returned to the holding company in the form of dividends in late 2016 subject to regulatory approval. For full year 2015 we anticipate dividends from the operating segments excluding health to exceed segment operating earnings subject to growth and rating agency requirements. During the second quarter, we returned $22 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and we repurchased $102 million worth of stock. Through July 24, we have repurchased an additional 257,000 shares for $18 million. Year-to-date this represents 5% of total shares outstanding. We continue to believe the stock is attractively priced. The proceeds form the sale of employee benefits and capital return from the health wind down will provide additional flexibility to deploy capital prudently through a combination of share buybacks, common stock dividends and investments in housing and lifestyle. The corporate loss for the quarter declined to $9 million due to lower employee related benefit expenses and a reduction in tax liabilities which will reverse during the second half of the year. The investment portfolio continues to perform well, real estate joint venture partnerships generated $13 million of investment income in the quarter spread across the businesses. Our focus for the remainder of 2015 is to position the company for profitable growth while successfully managing the exit of the health insurance market and the sale of benefits. We believe all of the actions underway are critical to building a stronger company for the future. And with that operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And the floor is now opened for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Seth Weiss with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Seth Weiss: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking question. My question is surrounding capital in health and just want to make sure I am thinking about this the right way, I believe from a statutory basis you have about $340 million of stat capital in health, is that the right number?
Alan Colberg: That’s correct, yes.
Seth Weiss: And if we think about needs at health the $80 million to $95 million of severance costs that you commented in the prepared remarks, is that only on a GAAP basis, on a stat basis if your deficiency reserves and all their estimates are correct should we think about all that $340 million being distributable at the end of 2016?
Alan Colberg: So just a couple of clarifications, so in the $215 million that infused into health in the second quarter that includes all severance, additional in-direct expenses and then the expenses that are also included are in the GAAP calculations. So stat requires that we pre-fund a greater portion of the exit related costs than does GAAP. In terms of the how we think about it going forward, it’s early. We have got some line of sight around claims experience, but in the first half of the years we are just starting to get some more information around the estimates on the reinsurance recoverables and the risk adjuster. We think we have largely funded all of the cost related to the exit or the losses related to the exit, but we will know more as we go throughout the year, but then eventually we do expect to get the majority of the capital out of health in the form of operating dividends at the end of 2016.
Seth Weiss: And then maybe a broader question about capital and use of capital and I appreciate that you have been hesitant to talk about deployment of capital in terms of not getting the cart before the horse. But with your commentary, benefits likely being sold by the end of the third quarter and having a more well-contained health number, could you tell us what’s on the table in terms of capital deployment? And there are options such as special dividends or increased buyback available, just trying to get a sense if there will be substantial capital coming on in the next 3 to 18 months?
Alan Colberg: Okay, thanks. Let me clarify just the timing of benefits. What we said is we expect to announce the sale by the end of the third quarter, that closing would be sometime in early ‘16 just on the timing of benefits. With the capital management, I think the thing that I would say today is we remain committed to that combination of balance capital deployment, where we return capital to shareholders through various forms, buybacks and dividends as well as invest in good growth opportunities in our core franchise of housing and lifestyle. I think you have seen a great track record over the last few years of buyback and including even this year with 5% of the stock bought back year-to-date. Any other consideration in things like a special dividend, that would be a board decision, but we are continuing to focus on really the actions that we are taking have repositioned Assurant into a much more attractive set of businesses going forward. We think that will create significant shareholder value combined with our combination of capital management which we are going to continue.
Seth Weiss: Okay, that’s helpful. I will get back into queue for more. Thanks a lot.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Good morning.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Could you talk about the developing auto partnership with eBay? Is that a template maybe that you would be able to apply elsewhere? And then just more broadly, the solutions sales backlog, how are things building as we – you have given pretty good guidance for this year, but how should we think about the top line as we transition into 2016?
Alan Colberg: Sure. I mean, broadly the way to think about solutions is we are pursuing a strategy of creating client partnerships independent on most of the channel of the clients. So, we work with carriers, we work with OEMs, we work with retailers, increasingly, we work with e-retailers. And what you see with the partnership that we announced with eBay which we are still in the process of launching, so results will be later is really that ability to work with large client partners across the variety of channels and that’s really the hallmark of what solutions does well, creating value for the consumer and for the client. The pipeline is robust for solutions. The sales cycle is long. And we will continue to announce new partnerships as appropriate. But I think what you have seen with solutions is we made a commitment to investors a couple of years ago that we expect over a period of time an average annual increase in NOI of 10%, obviously with variability year-to-year. We still believe that’s the right way to think about solutions prospects going forward.
Mark Hughes: And then on the Specialty Property business, I think you might have touched on this how much of the revenue is coming from non-force placed business? I think you might have said 26%, but then how much is earnings of that non-force placed and then what kind of growth rate on that chunk of the business?
Alan Colberg: Yes. Let me offer some overall comments on property, then Chris I will turn it to you to go in a little more detail. The way to think about our property business is our business is in a rotation where a lender-placed is normalizing as we have been talking about and protecting going back to 2011. And we have been investing in our growth opportunities which are very attractive including multifamily housing and more recently mortgage solutions. So, that rotation is well underway. Chris, what would you add?
Chris Pagano: Yes, I mean I guess to answer the question on revenue, roughly 30% of the revenue is non-lender placed and that includes multifamily housing and mortgage solutions. Remember, it’s – and also the flood business. Again, as Alan points out, the normalization of lender-placed is going to throw off additional capital above segment operating earnings that we are going to deploy in other areas within housing and lifestyle. So, we do expect to be able to grow that business, grow the non-lender placed business within property through organically and then potentially through strategic M&A.
Mark Hughes: And what would be the kind of the growth rate on that 30% chunk?
Alan Colberg: I mean, it’s been I am trying to remember what exactly we have disclosed. We have disclosed that multifamily has grown double-digits for quite a period of time now and mortgage solutions if you recall in the last couple of earnings calls we increased our estimate for this year, originally we had it at $250 million of revenue this year, we raised it to $300 million on our prior earnings call. So, there is good growth in both of those businesses think of it in the low double-digits.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, good morning John.
Chris Pagano: Hey, John.
John Nadel: Good morning, Alan and good morning, Chris. Couple of quick ones on Specialty Property, some helpful commentary to help us think about the expense ratio I suppose for the insurance business, that mid-40s that you mentioned in your prepared remarks? Thank you for that. As it relates to the sort of favorable weather in the quarter and ignoring catastrophe losses for the moment, I am just wondering maybe Chris you can give us some sense recognizing any given quarter will have some variability around the mean, but can you give us some sense for how much you think that sort of favorable weather added to whether it’s earnings or a lower combined ratio or how to think about that?
Chris Pagano: So, a couple of numbers that might be helpful. So, in terms of the 840 basis points, about 140 of it were better cat loses, okay so we set that aside. We had again roughly 2.5 points were related to non-cat weather related, okay, again recognizing the adverse development event that we had in the second quarter of ‘14. And then there is probably another 3 points there that were around kind of fire and then theft and vandalism. So, that’s again non-weather related non-cat. So, maybe that helps. The other thing to remember though is that as the rate comes down, as premiums drop we are sort of swimming upstream if you will around expense ratio and that’s where the work and the investments we are making in the lender-placed platform to help us maintain the mid-40s loss ratio even as lender-placed normalizes and the revenues decline.
John Nadel: Got it, okay. And then I am glad you addressed that, that was sort of my next question that mid-40s insurance expense ratio is what you are sort of targeting inclusive of the expense sales that you are looking for in the back half of the year and in ‘16, right?
Chris Pagano: That’s correct. So, we have been net investors, more expense than savings result, that will change in the second half of ‘15 and then we are going to continue to see ongoing benefits in ‘16 and beyond.
John Nadel: Okay, thanks. And then...
Chris Pagano: Sorry to interrupt, just again we have got – just remember again this continued rate decline is going to be the challenge there as we want to maintain the expense ratio with declining premiums.
John Nadel: Understood. And then maybe a little nitpicky here, but if I look at the lender-placed gross written premium this quarter, it looks like it benefited from I am guessing from REO additions to the line, because if I look at just the trend in the placement rate, the slight downward tick in the loans tracked as well as your commentary about declining premium rates. I would have expected lower gross written premium, but it didn’t decline. Can you give a sense for what else is happening there and how we should think about that underlying trend?
Alan Colberg: No, I think you are absolutely right. As a remainder, REO is not part of the placement rate. So, we did see a slight uptick there. And then there were some small loan movements, but mostly it’s REO.
John Nadel: Okay. So, maybe I will follow-up offline to see if we can sort of figure out how to estimate that. And then last one and I will get back in the queue is just your outlook for the corporate operating loss of $60 million to $65 million for the full year has not changed, but the first half of the year operating loss was just $13 million. I suppose it’s just that there are some timing issues and maybe some one-time benefits in the first half of the year, but how should we think about that? I mean, do we just jump up the corporate loss to get to that full year level? What’s exactly driving that?
Chris Pagano: Well, a couple of things. Remember, there is some tax true-up that occurred in the first half that will reverse itself, which is about $9 million. And then again, our focus as it will be with the entire company as we undertake this repositioning is around operating expenses and committing resources where they get the best source of return. So, while we are staying at the $60 million to $65 million for the full year, our objective is obviously to lower that number.
John Nadel: Okay, thanks. I will jump back into queue. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz: Hey, good morning everybody.
Chris Pagano: Hi, Steven.
Alan Colberg: Good morning.
Steven Schwartz: Good morning. Mark and John got a bunch of them, but if I may, can you go back and maybe talk about eBay in that deal and what is it that you are going to be doing for them? Is this an auto warranty type of business?
Alan Colberg: Yes, it is. And in similar what we are doing with other OEMs or retailers it’s auto parts, auto supplies, sold electronically.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Is this going to be a situation, Alan, whereby there is going to be some delay, there is some OEM warranty and then you come in after that and that’s when you begin to receive revenues?
Alan Colberg: It’s similar to our vehicle service contract business, but not as long a delay. These are things that have shorter if at all OEM warranties on them.
Steven Schwartz: Okay, alright. And then just going back over to Seth’s question with regard to the capital at Health, okay, so – I think it was $340 million of stat capital. The drain from stat capital is basically I think to make this easy will basically be anything you missed in the PDR, anything having to do with the change in receivables from the government. And then severance cost that would – or severance cost should not be a drain, because that’s already in the number? Was that really it?
Chris Pagano: Yes, I mean, I think it’s largely the claims experience change in those estimates, which again goes back to the reinsurance recoverables, the risk adjuster, but really unlike the GAAP PDR, the stat PDR, the 215 of capital that we put into health is designed to account for virtually all of the cost associated with the exit of the health business.
Steven Schwartz: Okay, alright. And then one more, there was a mention that you made an acquisition in the quarter?
Alan Colberg: Yes. We made a small acquisition to really continue to build out our multifamily business. So, in the multifamily business, as a reminder, we work with landlords, we provide a range of products and services. One of the things that we are doing is extending our capabilities to provide even more value to those companies. And so one of the things we have added is a collections company, effectively receivables management. It was the small amount of capital going out. It’s a small business. Really, we elected to buy the capability as opposed to build it, but it’s an extension of our multifamily business.
Steven Schwartz: It should be like collectively Brent stuff like that?
Alan Colberg: Yes and very integrated into our business model with our share deposit services, a very consistent part of that offering.
Steven Schwartz: Okay, alright. That’s what I had left. Thank you.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Dargan: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Thanks. And there has been some M&A activity in the insurance space generally recently and I am just wondering what to make of some of the valuations that were obtained in the market. So, in lender-placed, QBE sold its lender-placed business for $90 million, which implies a pretty low valuation. I am just wondering if you can maybe contrast your business with QBEs or is there any difference?
Alan Colberg: So, a couple of thoughts. I can’t comment specifically on that deal, because we don’t have any unique information on it. When our lender-placed business go, we do feel we have the best business in the industry. We have been consistently gaining share in recent years. We have been reinvesting in that business to improve the capabilities. It’s an extraordinarily valuable service and product for the mortgage industry and we feel very good about that business as it normalizes and we are confident it will remain a specialty business for us as we have talked about. More broadly, lots of activity going on the market, we really can’t comment on that. We are focused on repositioning Assurant around housing and lifestyle. That’s a great franchise. It’s an area where we have consistently generated specialty returns long-term. It’s an area where we hold leadership positions in most of the markets we now are playing in. We are continuing to expand our offerings to be more than just an insurance company with really integrated offerings to create value for the partners we work with. The businesses we are investing in are less capital-intensive on average generating very strong free cash flow. We think all those actions are going to maximize the value of Assurant to our shareholders and we feel good about the go-forward new Assurant.
Sean Dargan: Okay. Can you give us any sense of what kind of market share you think you have in lender-placed?
Alan Colberg: I am trying to remember what we have said publicly previously, but we track $34 million loans. That gives you a pretty good sense of the overall share we have if you just look at total mortgages in the U.S.
Sean Dargan: Okay. And then given what a Japanese mutual insurer paid for StanCorp, I am just wondering if you can characterize the level of interest in your Employee Benefits business? Has it been very high? Have you been talking to international potential acquirers?
Alan Colberg: So, I think one of the positives of the early announcement you made in April is that it’s obviously created a lot of interest in the company. Now, the process itself is confidential. So, I can’t speak specifically to that. But as I said, we are on track. I think the results and all the dialog we have had with people so far affirms the value of our voluntary platform in our dental business. The business is continuing to perform well although earnings were down slightly in the quarter as the sales pipeline is strong. Persistency has been good. And we are confident it’s going to be a valuable company and that will receive a good price for it.
Sean Dargan: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, John.
John Nadel: Thanks. Good morning, again. So, Alan, I just wanted to think of a little bit bigger picture about capital deployment. And maybe get a sense from you, how you and the rest of the management team and the board are thinking about balancing the growth of the business, the return of capital to shareholders, the ROE and EPS sort of impact of buybacks versus the book value per share impact of buybacks. I mean, obviously the stock has performed well and it’s for the first time in a long time trading above book value, ex-AOCI. And I guess, I am just interested in your views on how much dilution to that book value per share you are willing to, I will call it, suffer, if you will, in the form of – or from buybacks looking forward or if that is something that is even part of the consideration?
Alan Colberg: So, we are – as the Board and as management we are focused on growing free cash flow and earnings as the primary thing we do. If we do that, we will create shareholder value over time. I think we remain focused on that combination of how we deploy the capital between returning it to shareholders appropriately and investing in the future. I think you have seen we have a very strong track record of returning capital. But increasingly, book value per share is not the metric that is meaningful in thinking about us. We are more than an insurance company and we continue to evolve toward more fee income and other types of services. So, the focus really for us is free cash flow and earnings growth.
Chris Pagano: John, just another – just to follow-up on that a little bit, so again continue to believe the stock is attractively priced. Our view is a prospective one. If you think about the next 18 months around distributable earnings so we have got operating earnings at the segments which we are going to get more than that up this year. We expect proceeds from the sale of benefits again probably sometime in the first quarter. And then we expect the return of capital to – from the runoff of the health business later in ‘16. And on top of that, we have got capital being thrown off by the lender-placed business as it normalizes. So, that is the – that’s what’s driving our view of value and it will drive our repurchase decisions. But again, as Alan pointed out, again, it’s a combination we have got to invest in our business to maintain the leadership positions that we have.
John Nadel: And then I guess I will ask the question, not necessarily expecting anything detailed in response, but you are going to have more capital available for deployment than I think just about anytime in the company’s history over the next, call it, 12 months give or take? How robust is the M&A sourcing and pipeline and have you done, have you taken any action to sort of enhance the scale or size of your M&A staffing to I guess to sort of prepare for the potential?
Alan Colberg: Yes. So I think I would start with the broad reminder, so we are committed to this combination of how we deploy capital. We have been very consistent in that approach over time if you would look at our track record. And we have also been very clear that we are looking for acquisitions that are on the smaller size that extended and build off of the core franchise we have. We have not changed our M&A staffing at all as we go forward.
John Nadel: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Kovac with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hi Michael.
Michael Kovac: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I am wondering within LPI can you discuss the level of price changes that you are seeing at the state level particularly some larger states California, New York and Florida?
Alan Colberg: Sure. So again we go back to what we have said in the past which is sort of this 8% to 9% decline due to rate over the course of 2014 and into ’15, but again this is an ongoing process, rate filings are a regular part of our business. We filed and received a rate approval of 4% decrease in Florida, most recently which will start in the second half of this year. We filed our new product with New York with a 20% rate decline which began in January. So the ongoing rate decline in the normalization when replace is going to continue. And again this is why we are going back to operational efficiencies around the lender placed infrastructure and maintaining to targeting that 45% expense ratio. So but it is an ongoing process those are two examples of recent rate changes.
Michael Kovac: Great. And then understanding that the reinsurance costs came down in part because your exposures are shrinking, I am wondering on a pricing basis what level of reinsurance reductions did you receive?
Alan Colberg: So, yes, the way I would think about it, it’s probably a 75-25 if you look at the $240 million of reinsurance costs down to $180 million, 25% of that is rate and 75% of that is we are just buying less coverage. Again we have got the normalization of the business, the sale of American reliable all contributing to less exposure.
Michael Kovac: Great, thanks. And then sort of a higher level question, as you think about kind of the did the business post benefits and help what do you think is the right level of debt to capital also kind of thinking about the fact that you are getting greater fee income relative to some of the more capital intensive businesses?
Alan Colberg: So I think as we have increased stability of earnings and cash flow, we could potentially support a higher debt to cap ratio. Right now we don’t feel any pressure. We have got significant amounts of capital coming to us over the next 18 months. But we will certainly revisit and like the flexibility that additional debt capacity could offer us.
Michael Kovac: Okay, thanks for the answers.
Chris Pagano: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hall with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hi, good morning John.
John Hall: Good morning everyone. Good morning, Alan. Couple of follow-on questions. I guess going back to the QBE property that was on the market, originally when that sales have placed that $600 million or $700 million, I could see why you guys would pass on it, but why wouldn’t you have taken a look at that or maybe you did as a relatively small costs to lock up market share in the LPI space?
Alan Colberg: Yes. Obviously we can’t comment on M&A and whether we did or didn’t look at anything. We do feel very good about our lender placed business. We have the best platform in the industry. We would continue to build that platform and invest in it and we feel good about that business.
John Hall: Alright. And I guess looking a little further out, lot of the acquisitions have been on the – from a revenue standpoint on the fee side of the world. I guess looking ahead what do you think the revenue split a couple of years down is going to look like from the standpoint of percentages commanded by fees?
Alan Colberg: Well, one of the things we are going to do and we will talk about this at the end of the call is we are going to hold an Investor Day early spring of next year. And one of the things we want to do in that Investor Day is give you a better sense of what to expect over time from this company. So I am going to pass on the question today, but ultimately we will talk about how we think that’s going to evolve over time, but clearly we are going to have more fee income over time than we have today?
John Hall: Alright, then over to – I will stop there. Thanks guys.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Good morning.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi, good morning. I had a couple of questions. First on the health business, how should we think about sort of a ballpark of how much capital could be freed from the business once it runs off, I am guessing in like 2016 but then the capital comes with the HoldCo in 2017, so I think stat capital is about $340 million, but you put in $215 million this quarter, should we assume that whatever you are able to take out would be less than the $215 million because otherwise you wouldn’t have put the extra capital in. And then secondly on the employee benefits business, how have your – how is your retention, your sales been affected by just the fact that the business being put up for bid, like have you seen any impact on that and do you expect that to affect in turn the price that you get to the business?
Alan Colberg: So let me start on the benefits question and then I will ask Chris to comment on the health business.
Jimmy Bhullar: Sure.
Alan Colberg: As we mentioned earlier briefly the sales pipeline remains solid for that business, persistency has been good and consistent with the past. And we have been very encouraged that we really haven’t seen any disruption in the business, it’s been business as usual and all of our dialogue with the various companies that we have been in discussion with confirm it’s a valuable platform, it’s a valuable company and we still expect to receive a very good price for it. But I will turn it over to Chris to talk about health.
Chris Pagano: So I guess the way I would think about it Jimmy is that it’s early. We think based upon our estimates today around claims experience and costs associated with running the business. And again these are costs that extend out into ’17 so we have got a multi-year projection going on right now. But we do believe the $215 million is going to largely be all of the capital we will need to put in for this year that is subject to changes in estimates around – the experience around the recoverables and the risk adjuster. And then into ’16 and potentially into ’17 we do expect to get the majority of the capital back in the form of operating dividends as we exit the business. But we will continue to update and refine our estimates and we will get a better – every quarter that goes by we get a better line of sight of what the end state looks like.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. The normalization in pricing for the lender-placed business, down 20 in New York, down in Florida, would you anticipate that’s kind of the step function, we are getting a normalization now and then it are to revert to more of a consistent pricing, more in line with underlying loss trends and material prices, things like that, is this a one-time step down?
Alan Colberg: Yes. I wouldn’t want to speculate on that, again the filing process around rate is an ongoing one we have regular dialogue with all of the different states a lot of its based upon experience, a lot of its based upon operating costs and other inputs. Keep in mind that again the filings once that rate is approved it then takes the rest of the 12 months period for it to define its way through all of the policies. So there is that process going on too. But again ultimately the normalization around is a function of rate, it’s a function of placement and it’s a function of average insured value. So and seriously delinquent loans and ROE etcetera, I mean this is a process we do believe 1.8% to 2.1% is going to be the long-term target around placement rate. And as that occurs operational efficiencies, capital that is released from the business as our risk goes down are all going to contribute to normalization but then a specialty business in it’s final stage.
Mark Hughes: You had mentioned UK review that led to some extra legal costs, is that going to persist into the second half of the year and is there any risk of any additional expense or volumes anything associated with that?
Alan Colberg: So, this is to remind if those claims relate to 2003, 2004 set of policies that were sold there is ongoing work obviously being done on it. But at this point just in broad terms we feel like we are appropriately reserved overall for all litigation and regulatory issues that we have visibility to.
Mark Hughes: Is there going to be a sustained level of legal spending on that?
Alan Colberg: I can’t speculate on that. It’s an ongoing process.
Mark Hughes: But it’s not over?
Alan Colberg: No, it’s not over.
Mark Hughes: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Seth Weiss with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Hey, Seth.
Seth Weiss: Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up question. I just want to follow on a couple of questions on Solutions, particularly in international and I know that, that you grow expenses in the UK contributed to the higher combined ratio there. Maybe an update on where you think that combined ratio is heading and in terms of how that’s there, is it a run-off of certain business lines or is it just improved experience in pricing?
Alan Colberg: So, there is some noise in the number this quarter and last quarter as well, but we still think 98% is an achievable target. We continue to make improvements and investments in infrastructure. We had a lot of expense take-outs in the UK associated with our acquisition of LSG. So, feel like we are making progress and that we can still get to that 98% combined ratio.
Seth Weiss: Great. And in terms of getting to that 98% combined ratio, what happens to the top line and is there a run-off of business there just in terms of trying to size what improvement there could actually mean for the bottom line?
Alan Colberg: If you think about the investments we have been making, we have very strong growth in mobile, in markets outside the U.S. We have referenced the [indiscernible] growth in transaction a couple of quarters ago. We see very strong growth occurring in the UK. So, there is top line growth and really a mix shift towards really a mobile and service contract business outside of the U.S. Yes, the other thing that’s important to remember is just the variability of FX that also plays through. But we feel good about the top line momentum. And as Chris said, we feel good about the expense actions that we have taken in international, but over time allow us to push that combined ratio down.
Seth Weiss: Okay. So, on the constant currency basis, could you be explicit with the question trying to still up in terms of top line for international?
Chris Pagano: I believe, yes, we are seeing obvious currency headwinds. I mean, this is some unprecedented volatility in the last several years, but still feel good about the macro trends, I mean our long-term view around international in particular mobile we still believe these are attractive markets for us to be in long-term.
Seth Weiss: Great, thank you.
Alan Colberg: Alright. Well, thanks everyone for participating in today’s call. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Also as I mentioned, we are excited to announce we will hold an Investor Day in early spring 2016 in New York and we will provide more details in the coming months. As always, you can reach out to our IR team with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP
Analysts: Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Colin Wayne Devine - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following management's prepared remarks. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Marketing and Communications. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Shawn, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2015 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release, announcing our first quarter 2015 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Chris before moving to Q&A. Some of the statements on today's call may be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2014 Form 10-K. Today's call also will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted at assurant.com. Now, I'll turn the call over to Alan.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. While our first quarter results at Health were disappointing, we are encouraged by solid performance at our other businesses. The results also reinforce the importance of our strategic realignment going forward. This morning, I want to highlight the opportunities ahead, and then we'll elaborate on the first quarter. Following a comprehensive review of our businesses, last week, we announced our decision to concentrate on specialty housing and lifestyle protection products and services, provided by our Solutions and Specialty Property segments. We believe this sharper focus will enable us to more consistently generate specialty returns long-term. Accordingly, we're exploring strategic alternatives for Health and Employee Benefits including a sale of both businesses. Given their limited strategic fit in our portfolio and the current market environment, we do not believe they can deliver the returns we require. During this process, we will continue to uphold our commitments to customers, policyholders and employees. Our housing offerings at Specialty Property protect against risk where people live, through lender-placed and flood insurance, multi-family housing and mortgage solutions. Lifestyle offerings provided through Solutions protect what people purchase and use every day, such as their mobile devices, cars, appliances, as well as their assets which are safeguarded with preneed funeral insurance. Specialty Property and Solutions have track records of sustained industry leadership positions and proven financial performance. Importantly, these businesses generally deliver specialty returns, generate significant free cash flow, and have the highest profitable growth potential. Looking ahead, we see a broad array of attractive opportunities in housing and lifestyle and plan to build upon our success in the U.S. and abroad. We will do this by further capitalizing on favorable market trends and identifying unmet consumer needs, where we can leverage our core capabilities such as our Advantage distribution networks and strong risk management. Let me offer a few examples. Mobile continues to transform the consumer experience and we believe there are many opportunities ahead for Assurant. Our Connected Living platform at Solutions allows us to leverage our strengths to create new offerings as consumers are increasingly dependent on staying connected to each other, their devices, and even their homes. With market leading positions in housing, mobile, and extended service contracts, we're in a strong position to capitalizing on these trends and we are already seeing success. Additionally, we continue to extend beyond insurance to offer other services related to various consumer risk events. Increasingly, we succeed in the market because of our ability to offer these integrated solutions. Our fee-based offerings now account for nearly 20% of Solutions' and Property's total revenues and we expect this percentage to grow over time. Recently, we expanded our agreement with Claro Brazil, one of the largest mobile operators in Latin America, by adding another smartphone manufacturer to the device upgrade program we introduced last quarter. While early consumer response to this program has been promising, and demonstrates our ability to customize solutions for our partners and strengthen these relationships over time. Our move into the mortgage solutions business is another example. We brought in our array of property preservation and valuation services through a series of acquisitions that are natural extensions of our collateral risk capabilities. Our strong processes, technology platforms, and Advantage vendor networks allow us to provide superior customer service for our clients. Since establishing mortgage solutions, we've expanded market share with nine clients that are among the leading mortgage servicers and originators. As a result, we expect the business in total will contribute more than $300 million of fee income this year. These examples demonstrate the momentum we are gaining in areas targeted for growth. We believe a more tightly focused Assurant can enhance long-term shareholder value as we continue to execute on our strategy and align resources toward housing and lifestyle. Now let me offer some highlights from our first quarter results. Overall, our portfolio of specialty businesses, most notably Solutions and Specialty Property, continued to generate strong cash flow in the first quarter, which allowed us to return $100 million to shareholders through buybacks and dividends and end the quarter with $570 million of holding company capital. Annualized operating ROE excluding AOCI decreased to 3.9% driven by the loss at Health. Book value, excluding AOCI, was largely unchanged since year-end. Net earned premiums and fees increased 8%. Our housing and lifestyle products accounted for the majority of our revenue and earnings during the first quarter. Fee income overall increased by 42%, primarily due to our expanded service offerings in mobile and mortgage solutions. We're excited about the future. We believe our sharper focus will create additional opportunities for profitable growth and strengthen our ability to help people protect what matters most, while also allowing us to realize our aspirations of generating top quartile shareholder returns. Now Chris will review results for the quarter and our outlook for 2015 in more detail. Chris?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Thanks, Alan. I'll start with Solutions. Segment earnings totaled $54 million, an increase of 10% from the prior year as we expanded our mobile business. We now provide coverage on more than 28 million mobile devices, up nearly 20% year over year. In the quarter, we also benefited from increased handset repair and logistics activity and favorable domestic loss experience. Results were partially offset by higher integration costs related to our acquisition of CWI Group in France and higher loss experience on a mobile program in Latin America. Total revenues increased 4%, driven by growth in mobile, our vehicle protection business, and at a large domestic service contract client. This was partially offset by foreign exchange pressures and lower production volumes at brick and mortar retailers in North America, trends that we expect to persist for the rest of the year. In addition, as we mentioned on our last call, we will discontinue a tablet program that represents around $100 million of annualized net earned premiums when it transfers to our client's in-house logistics provider. This will lower earnings beginning in the second quarter. Despite these headwinds, Solutions' overall revenue and earnings this year should remain level with last year. Expansion of our integrated mobile offerings and vehicle service contracts will continue to drive 2015 performance. Now let's look at Specialty Property. In the quarter, net operating income was $75 million, a decrease from the prior year, primarily driven by the ongoing normalization of lender-placed. Despite cold winter weather, we incurred lower non-catastrophe losses due to fewer weather and fire-related claims compared to the prior year. Net earned premiums in the quarter declined by $95 million year over year, primarily reflecting the January sale of American Reliable and lower lender-placed premiums. Placement rates in lender-placed decreased 17 basis points from the first quarter of 2014, but remained flat from year-end, driven by some small loan portfolio additions. Overall, we continue to expect our placement rates to gradually decline as the housing market improves. Moving to Property's targeted growth areas, we were pleased by the performance of our multifamily housing business, where revenue increased 18% year over year. Fee income more than doubled, driven by mortgage solutions as we increased market share by cross-selling our offerings and adding new clients. For the quarter, Specialty Property's expense ratio increased by 910 basis points, of which nearly half was due to our shift toward fee-based products and services. Lower lender-placed premiums also contributed to the increase. During the quarter, we continued to implement our expense management initiatives. We incurred a modest severance charge related to staff reductions and made additional investments in our lender-placed platform to reduce our cost structure as the business normalizes. These actions are on track to generate net savings beginning in the second half of the year. Turning to Health, the net operating loss of $84 million was significantly worse than we anticipated. Approximately half was due to a reduction in our estimated recoveries under the ACA risk-mitigation programs for 2014 policies. We refined our accruals to take into account market data available since year end and additional claims development. This change was reflected in our first quarter results. The balance of the loss was driven by elevated claims on 2015 policies which were only partially offset by risk-mitigation programs. For the first quarter, we accrued $64 million related to the risk adjustment program for 2015 policies. Recoverables under reinsurance totaled $56 million for the period, and we did not accrue any net recoverables for the risk corridors. While we're eligible to participate in this program, we believe this is a prudent measure given that funding has not yet been authorized. To further manage risk, we reduced commissions in January. As a result, individual sales dropped 15% from the prior year despite significant market growth. Despite rate actions taken, initial claim submissions on 2015 policies indicate that loss experience on our ACA in-force block will remain elevated throughout the year. ACA policies now account for 60% of Health's premiums compared to 18% last year. Quarterly results will vary based on loss experience and the estimated recoveries for the risk-mitigation programs. We expect insurance carriers will be notified by June 30 of final payment amounts related to the 2014 business, and any changes in current estimates will be recorded in our second quarter results. The process to explore strategic options for Health is well underway. Absent a sale, we will begin the process to exit the market and will not participate in the 2016 ACA open enrollment. We will provide updates as we can. In the meantime, we remain focused on mitigating losses and prudently managing capital as we work through this process. At Employee Benefits, first quarter earnings declined to $10 million, primarily due to lower real estate joint venture partnership investment income. Disability results were less favorable reflecting lower recoveries and the discount rate change implemented last quarter. Benefits expense ratio decreased 80 basis points due to premium growth and savings realized from previous expense actions. We view our enrolment capabilities and broad suite of voluntary products and services including dental to be unique in the market. As we explore strategic alternatives for the segment, we believe these will be viewed as valuable assets for any benefits-focused organization. Moving to Corporate, we ended March with $320 million of deployable capital. Total segment dividends in the first quarter, net of infusions were $55 million. We continue to expect 2015 segment dividends to approximate segment operating earnings as capital releases from lender-placed insurance offset capital needs in other product areas. As always, this is subject to rating agency requirements. During the first quarter, we returned $19 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and we repurchased $82 million worth of stock. In April, we repurchased nearly 670,000 more shares for $41 million. Year-to-date, we've retired 3% of total shares outstanding. We continue to believe the stock is attractively priced. The proceeds from expected transactions will provide additional flexibility to deploy capital prudently through share buybacks, common stock dividends, and investments in housing and lifestyle. The corporate loss for the quarter declined to $4 million due to a reduction in tax liabilities, which will reverse during the course of the year and lower employee-related benefits expenses. We still expect our full year 2015 corporate loss to be in the range of $60 million to $65 million. We will assess other opportunities to accelerate expense management efforts as we realign the organization toward housing and lifestyle. For the balance of the year, our focus remains on repositioning the company for profitable growth and successfully managing potential transactions for Health and Benefits. We believe the actions underway across Assurant will help build a stronger future for the company. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Seth Weiss from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Good morning, Seth.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. My first question is just on the philosophy of capital deployment while you're in this disposition stage of these two businesses, could you just philosophically walk us through how you're thinking about capital deployment in the next, call it, four quarters to six quarters, while there is uncertainty about how much capital Health may need, and of course uncertainty about how much you'll generate from those businesses?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Seth. Let me start. This is Alan, and then Chris can add a few other comments. I think, we're going to continue the same capital management approach that we've had, which is a disciplined and balanced deployment of capital between returning capital to shareholders and investing in the future of the company. And I think, you saw the first quarter is a good example of that. We ended the quarter with essentially the same amount of capital that we started. We have $320 million of deployable capital still on hand. We still expect segment dividends to approximate what we're going to earn in the segments. We returned capital. We still think the stock is attractively priced. And so I think, it's business as usual as we go through the next few quarters.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think, couple more things to add. Again, we are assessing the intrinsic value of the stock relative to the share price, and we think, share repurchase is a prudent use of capital. So, we're going to continue to do that. But we also think that, again, this is combination of returning capital to shareholders and investing in profitable growth opportunities in the housing and lifestyle sectors that's going to create long term shareholder value. So as Alan said, this – or as we think we've been consistent in the last five years, six years with our capital deployment process. It's worked quite well for us and we see no reason to change it now.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. And if I could ask question also on Employee Benefits, you mentioned value proposition to the market. If we look at Employee Benefits segment ROEs over the last two years or so, they've been in this mid to upper single digit level trailing some of the pure-play group provider peers and trailing was low to mid-teen double-digit ROEs if we go back several years ago. What's been the pressure there aside from low rates which everyone seems to be dealing with?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. A couple of thoughts on that, Seth. I mean, I think, we feel very good about the Employee Benefits business and franchise. They do have really strong and unique capabilities, and we've been investing heavily over the last many years now, especially the last three years, four years to really build out the voluntary business and capabilities in the dental. We think those are very attractive assets and for a owner more focused on healthcare and employee benefits, it used to be a very positive addition to another company, but that's really been the pressure, somewhat investing, somewhat we've been in the low interest rate environment as well, which puts pressure on the earnings of that segment.
Seth M. Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Mark.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Mark.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. In the specialty housing business, how would you describe the underlying growth if you take out the lender-placed business, what should we anticipate in terms of organic expansion in coming years?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we have several different businesses under Property. In addition to the one you mentioned, we have multifamily housing. You've seen how well we've grown that business and we've continued to have double-digit growth now for multiple years in that business, and we expect to continue to grow. There's a significant opportunity to penetrate that market further, gain share in that market. We've created a new growth engine for us over the last few years called mortgage solutions. We see very robust growth for us, as we leverage our capabilities and our distribution to expand our footprint in that business. And then finally, in flood, we are one of the market leaders in flood and we've seen good growth in flood in the last couple years. So we see pretty strong growth in all the other lines, beyond lender-placed.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah. The other thing I'd point out just in particular on mortgage solutions is that the investment thesis and our thought process around investing in that space was not about growth in market, but growth in market share, leveraging our position as a trusted advisor, expanding product offerings to the existing client base, as well as gaining new clients, and we're seeing that happening already.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: If you take those discrete businesses, is that double-digit growth within those three, high single-digit?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think, well, originally when we acquired those businesses within the mortgage solutions space, it was roughly $250 million of revenue. We expect $300 million of revenue this year. The other thing we expect is expanding operating margins as we leverage scale, and then of course multifamily housing has got smaller but double-digit revenue growth, which again meets our investment criteria.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, good, thank you. And then the lower production in the bricks and mortar, could you give us a sense of the magnitude on that? Has that trend changed over the last quarter? What's driving it? Is it a macro issue, is it company specific?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, what we've seen in retail for quite a few years now has been a gradual decline in the bricks-and-mortar distribution being more than offset by growth in other channels, whether that's through other forms of retail like digital or through OEMs. It's really a macro trend that we've been expecting, and we've been investing against over the last many years, and as you heard Chris say or I think we say in the outlook, our view is Solutions is still going to be consistent with last year despite the various trends going on.
Mark Douglas Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Jimmy.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Jimmy.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So I had a couple of questions. First, on the Health business, I think there's around $440 million of capital in that business. So, assuming that you're not able to sell the Health division, then how much of the capital do you expect to be absorbed as you're winding the business down, and would you expect some of the capital to be freed? And then, secondly, on the Employee Benefits sale, assuming that you are able to sell it at some point over the next year, do you expect to use a majority of the proceeds for buybacks, and how fast would you buy back if that's the case, or would you be more balanced and wait for potential deals and not speed up buybacks immediately after the deal? Just trying to assess potential dilution from the sale of the Employee Benefits business and the wind-down of the Health business?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Jimmy. Let me start and then, Chris, you can add on this one. I start by the future for Assurant, which we're very excited about. The businesses that we have in housing and lifestyle generate very good returns. There is a leadership position, strong growth potential, both organic and again additional, very selective acquisitions. So I start with, we're very excited by the future. For Health and then for Employee Benefits, we're really running two different processes. So with Health, as we've said very clearly, we are attempting to sell the business, and absent a sale, we will move to exit that business. Employee Benefits, we are highly confident in a sale for that business. We believe that there are many attractive capabilities that buyers will value. So, we have robust, thorough processes running for both. It is too early to really speculate on what might come out of those processes. What I would say, though, is go back to where we started in the Q&A. We have a disciplined, capital management strategy, which we've been following for years. We're going to continue to follow. Chris?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Yeah, again maybe just some – couple specifics on Health in particular. Absent a sale, we will not be open for 2016 open enrollment. So what we do expect is to be substantially out of the Health business by the end of 2016. So while we enroll for 2015 and through that process we will appropriately capitalize the business, but then expect by the end of 2016 to have gotten significant, if not all the capital out.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then do you have an idea or could you give us some numbers on how much corporate overhead is allocated to Health and to Employee Benefits that would still stay with the company at least initially and would need to be allocated to other businesses?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Well, again it's early in the process, but as we go through the sale process of Health and Benefits, we are reassessing the corporate infrastructure and our operating efficiencies, and we'll address the issue of stranded cost during that time.
Jamminder Singh Bhullar - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nadel from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, John.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hey, John.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: Hey, good morning, Alan; good morning, Chris. I guess a couple of questions and – two quick ones. I'll start, two quick ones on the lender-placed business. First, as far as premium rate reductions go, can you just give us a sense for how much of those expected reductions, the ones that have already been approved state by state, how much of those are already now in the premium numbers as of first quarter? And how much more would you estimate is left to roll into the numbers as we move through the remainder of this year?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, I think in terms of what's already in the numbers, I think, you're looking at roughly a 7% rate reduction that's reflected. There's always ongoing rate reviews...
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: Yeah.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: – on an annual basis, ongoing dialog with the states, which may affect the rate reductions going forward. Keep in mind, we're also making some changes around the infrastructure, operational efficiencies in response to the normalization of lender-placed, so again lots of moving parts there, but I think roughly 7% of call it virtually all of the rate reductions from last year are now in the numbers.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: And the total you had expected would roll through it, again understanding that state-by-state these things can change, but the total that you had expected I think was 8% to 9% or something along those lines, so you're pretty close, right?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: That's right, full-year 2015, 8% to 9%.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: And then as I think about the comment I believe that you made, Chris, about the 900 basis points or 9 percentage points increase year-over-year in the expense ratio about half of that just being the growth of the fee-based businesses and half of that being the reduction in lender-placed premiums and I guess negative operating leverage there. How much of that piece of it once the expense initiatives are completed, do you think you can recover?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, couple things, again, increased higher expense ratio associated with the fee business, it's important to remember that there's no loss ratio associated with that business. So again -
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: Understood.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: – an important distinction there. We do think sort of the insurance expense ratio is going to be in the mid-40s percentage over the long-term combines in sort of 85% to 90% I think is sort of the longer term projection we've got there. A lot of that is going to be dependent upon our ability to standardize and create greater efficiencies around the lender-placed infrastructure, which we are now net investors, the first half of the year. We expect to be net savers in the second half and in the out year. So we'll keep pace with the normalization of lender-placed. And at the end we think we're still going to have a 20% ROE business which definitely meets our definition of specialty.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: Yeah. Understood. And then also one last one related to lender-placed and then I have one on Solutions. You mentioned a couple of smaller loan portfolios that came onboard that maybe is masking the placement rate underlying falling. Can you give us a sense for how much – can you do that math? Do have the data to be able to do the math on how much the placement rate would have fallen had you not had a few portfolios come on board?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Just qualitatively, John, they are small loan portfolios with high placement rate. I think, the challenge on quarter-over-quarter placement rate and premium linkage is always a challenge. I think, the longer term 17 basis point decline year-over-year is a better indication, and again this trend towards 1.8% to 2.1% over the long term is really, we still see that trend in place.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then last one for you is just thinking about in the international piece of Solutions, if I look at the last couple of quarters obviously particularly weak combined ratios, even the trailing 12 months the combined ratio is 102%, maybe 102.5%, something along those lines. I know from years ago the target was to ultimately get this business down to the mid-90%s. What is going wrong there? And I guess, Alan, how long should we expect it to take for this particular piece of Solutions to get to its targeted ROE, because it seems like that's the piece of Solutions that's preventing the overall segment from hitting its target?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, you know, I think we feel like there's been good progress in international. We see lots of opportunities to continue to expand our offerings there and become more integrated around the risk event and be more than just insurance. As Chris was talking about, we do have some noise sometimes in the short-term and we had a couple one-timers around integration cost in the quarter that affect the quarter, but we still feel like there's good progress and we are moving forward toward the returns that we expect in international.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: And just like, as we think about that, you have some intangible amortization obviously running through there too...
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: Over the next couple of years, how much should just the wind down assuming no incremental acquisitions, which I guess is probably a bad assumption. But assuming based on what you have today, how much should just the wind down of intangible amortization help that ratio?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, I don't have the breakdown international versus domestic. I'd tell you in general, the acquisitions we've done in 2013 and 2014 in Specialty Property and Solutions, it's roughly $40 million to $45 million of intangible amortization on a pre-tax basis. And again, you're right to point that out because what we're focused on is cash and that's going to be a non-cash drag on operating income, but doesn't affect how we think about the business and how the investment thesis and how we value the acquisitions initially.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Sean.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Sean.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thanks and good morning. I have a question about how to think of your thought process as you either sell or exit these businesses and deploy the capital that's freed-up. Is your driving force going to be to make up for those GAAP earnings that were lost or do you want to show EPS growth or is your focus on increased cash flow generation. I'm just wondering how to think of the company and how you are thinking of the puts and takes of share repurchase versus M&A.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, let me start broadly on that and then answer specifically, I mean the intent of refocusing the company around housing and lifestyle is to create a more attractive company for our shareholders. That comes from a few different points. One is we have a proven track record in those areas of generating specialty returns long term. Virtually every business that is part of the future of Assurant were a market leader ,and that's something we can build off of. Almost everyone of those businesses we're doing more than just insurance. We have integrated offerings around the risk event, which allow us to have better duration with partners, better economics for us. In general, these are less capital-intensive businesses and so what we really are focused on is free cash flow generation. That gives us the power to create value for our shareholders through the capital deployment. And as we looked across our portfolio by far the highest profitable growth potential we have is in these areas of housing and lifestyle really leveraging the consumer trends, the market trends, et cetera. And one of the things that we're going to do later this year, as we refocus on the future of Assurant and we get the Health and Benefits transitions behind us. We will put out new metrics and new disclosures and we'll hold an Investor Day late this year to really help everyone understand how to think about Assurant going forward. But we're very excited about the opportunities ahead and we think we're going to generate more cash flow in the future, not less.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That's all I had.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Good morning, Steven.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Steven.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, everybody. A couple – just to follow-up on John's question vis-à-vis LatAm, I think, Alan, you referenced or maybe it was Chris, I don't remember, referenced a – in a county in Latin America that performed poorly during the quarter, my sense was that was on the loss side, but then you referenced integration costs. So, I was just wondering about the story on that account?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, yeah, so, there are a couple things. So the mobile client in Latin America, there were some issues with a higher repair and replacement cost, product availability. This happens from time-to-time, one of the benefits of having partnerships is that we are able to make adjustments to pricing terms and conditions in conjunction with our partner and return to profitability, which we expect to – target profitability, excuse me, which we expect to happen over the next one or two quarters. The one-time integration costs are related to the acquisition of the CWI Group. So that's Europe, again mobile, but Europe. So which is a one-time, not repeat. So you'll see the combination of the one-timer and then the return to target profitability in the Latin American mobile client will help improve the combined ratio.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Has new pricing already been worked out with the client in Latin America?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, all of the changes in terms of terms and conditions and pricing have all been finalized. Correct.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Okay. And then moving on to Health, just a quick couple. In the quarter's results – a quarter obviously negatively affected by what I would call negative prior year development of your government repayment assumptions, I guess. But absent that, I was wondering if there was some type maybe of a premium deficiency reserve or something like that. I guess what I'm trying to get at is, whether you've reserved to try to get that income down to zero, the losses down to zero, or should we still be thinking about losses running much higher than previously?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So the loss reflects changes in estimates around 2014 risk-mitigation programs and then also estimates around the 2015 program. Again, very early in the process with respect to 2015. In particular as you think about the risk adjustment mechanism, we have some information about our own block but have no information on the market yet. And then, we expect to be told at the end of June what the actual reinsurance recoverable and risk adjustment amounts will be from our 2014 block. So still very early in the phase for 2015 and we'll know by the end of the second quarter hopefully what the 2014 actuals will be.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Want to follow up on that. Just so I understand this. So the risk adjustment benefits that you accrued in this quarter if everything goes according to your thoughts, okay, big assumption, but if everything goes according to your thoughts, is there no more of these accruals to be expected? Is that how that works?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So there are two blocks of accruals. The first of the accrual's around the 2014 policies. Those are -
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Forget those.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Okay.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Just talking about 2015.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Okay. So 2015, so we for the – the risk adjustment mechanism we accrued $64 million, and we will continue to accrue throughout the course of 2015. And then as we sit here, a year from now, we'll be waiting for final amounts around the 2015 policies in mid-June of 2016.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I guess what I'm asking is, is it accrue as you go as premiums are earned, or do you accrue upfront and then change over the year?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No. The quarterly estimates will be accrued as we incur claims.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The other important point I would make is there are really three programs now that we're eligible for because of having sold on exchanges for the last open enrollment, we're eligible for the risk corridor program as well. We took a prudent approach there, which is we did not book a net recoverable on the risk corridor.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Right. That hasn't been funded yet. Okay. And then one more, just on Health. The $300 million, call it $400 million of GAAP equity that you report on page 4 of the supplement, does that roughly approximate statutory equity – statutory capital?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: No. The GAAP equity is slightly higher. I think, if you look at the year-end numbers, we had $440 million of GAAP equity, and I believe stat capital was right around $400 million.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Devine from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Colin.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hi, Colin.
Colin Wayne Devine - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. Two questions. With respect to Health and Employee Benefits, are you also exploring an option of selling them as a package?
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. We're not. We're running separate processes. The processes are very robust and very thorough. But we fundamentally believe the buyer universe is very different for those two businesses, and so they are completely separate. We also think that approach maximizes value for our shareholders. And one of the reasons why we announced this when we did was to ensure the widest possible participation in the sale of both of those businesses, but they're completely separate processes.
Colin Wayne Devine - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then second, I didn't catch it in your comments, but I was wondering if you could just give us an update on really how CWI is proceeding according to your expectations, as well as the eMortgage Logic? If I remember on the latter, I think, you were expecting about $250 million potential fee income this year and how are we moving towards that?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, on the eMortgage Logic, so again that's part of the broader mortgage solutions initiative. The combined revenue of the acquisitions at the point of time was roughly $250 million. We expect about $300 million this year. We do expect also some margin expansion. We're having success cross-selling, leveraging our distribution as a trusted advisor and selling products on the appraisal and property preservation and broker price opinion side into the same clients, so really executing right according to plan there. CWI, we're still in the midst of integration again with – the LSG team is driving that. We do think that that's going according to plan and will give us a nice footprint in Europe around global mobile.
Colin Wayne Devine - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Then following up, you highlighted in the press release that net earned premiums from Solutions and Specialty Property were up 3% taking out American Reliable, but if we also back out the acquisitions to really get at a same-store basis, how are the businesses you – what you've got this year doing compared to last year in terms of premiums? Thanks.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't have that in front of us. What we've been focused on is we do have strong organic growth in many parts of Solutions and Property, and the fee income, a lot of that in mobile is organic. But I don't have that in front of me. We do feel good though about the future growth potential of the companies and the businesses that are part of the Assurant of tomorrow.
Colin Wayne Devine - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of John Nadel from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, John.
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: Hey, John.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: Hey, thanks for the follow-up. Two quick ones. So I guess, we've sort of danced around a little bit in international solutions loss in LatAm and the integration cost. I mean, would you at least give us a sense for the combination of what those two factors together cost the business either in combined ratio points or dollars, or something along those lines?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, I think, in terms of the one-timer we're talking about mid-single digits millions pre-tax and then probably $2 million to $3 million pre-tax in terms of the client replacement cost and re-contracting in mobile in LatAm.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: Perfect. That's helpful. Thank you. And then the second question is just, you've got these processes ongoing now around the potential sale of these two businesses. Is it fair for us – I assume it's fair for us to think about you operating your capital management program under a sort of automated program at 10b5 or whatever it's called, such that as you become aware of critical information, material information around these deals, you are still able to be in the market buying back your stock, is that fair?
Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP: So, with the way we go about share repurchase is 10b5-1. And the activity in April was all during a blackout on all part of the 10b5-1 program. So, continued again, think the stock is attractive, want to be in the market consistently, and have ample financial flexibility to do that.
John M. Nadel - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you. And Alan, appreciate your commentary about an Investor Day and maybe some additional disclosure and metrics around the two key businesses going forward. I think that would be very helpful. Thank you.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, certainly.
Alan B. Colberg - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. As always, you can reach out to our investor relations team with any follow-up questions. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-13 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Alan Colberg - President and Chief Executive Officer Chris Pagano - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: John Nadel - Sterne Agee Mark Hughes - SunTrust Seth Weiss - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sean Dargan - Macquarie Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call and webcast. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only-mode. And the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full-year 2014 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Alan Colberg, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon we issued a news release announcing our fourth quarter and year-end 2014 results. The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at www.Assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Alan and Chris before moving to Q&A. Some of the statements on today's call may be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2013 form 10-K and third-quarter 2014 form 10-Q. Today's call also will contain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the Company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted at Assurant.com. Now I will turn the call over to Alan. Alan?
Alan Colberg: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. In 2014 we made progress as we adapted to the changing marketplace and built additional capabilities to drive profitable long-term growth. While we are disappointed by weaker-than-expected earnings in the fourth quarter, we're taking decisive actions to improve profitability. We see great opportunities ahead as we pursue our aspiration of sustained out-performance for our customers, employees and shareholders. In 2014 we generated strong free cash flow. In support of our strategy to grow and produce attractive shareholder returns, we invested $162 million to complete four acquisitions. We returned $296 million to shareholders through buybacks and dividends, and we ended the year with $560 million of holding company capital. For the year, we delivered 9.7% operating ROE excluding AOCI, below our target due largely to an operating loss at health. Book value, excluding AOCI, grew by 9% compared to year-end 2013. We are pleased with our top line results. Revenues increased 16% to $9.7 billion through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. The key drivers of this performance were our targeted growth offerings, which now account for a quarter of total revenue. More importantly, earnings from these product lines tripled year over year. We will continue to shift resources toward these targeted areas, as we believe they will drive growth in earnings and cash flow longer term. Our recent divestiture of American Reliable Insurance Company is another example of our actions to realign capital to support our long-term profitability objectives. I want to thank the American Reliable employees for their service and the seamless transition to Global Indemnity. During 2014 we also broadened our specialty insurance products with additional adjacent fee-based services related to a variety of risk events. Across Assurant we generated more than $1 billion of fee income for new and existing offerings, an increase of 76% from 2013. These results demonstrate our progress in building a stronger Assurant for the future. As we adapt to market changes, we must accelerate our efforts in 2015 to achieve profitable long-term growth. As an enterprise, we will focus on three strategic priorities. First, we will innovate faster around the end consumer to generate organic growth. Second, we will continue to drive operational excellence to become more efficient while delivering outstanding customer experiences. And third, we will maintain our commitment to disciplined capital management. We view our stock as attractively priced and will balance investing in our business with returning capital to shareholders. We are working hard to achieve these strategic priorities. Let me now share updates on each segment. Assurant Solutions delivered exceptional results in 2014 by offering innovative programs across the mobile value chain in the US and a number of international markets. As we look ahead, mobile remains the largest growth opportunity for Solutions. Our acquisitions of Lifestyle Services Group in 2013 and CWI Group last October enabled us to expand our global footprint in distribution. We will continue to consider select investments to enhance our competitive position. As smart phones, appliances and other consumer electronics intersect, Solutions is focused on providing comprehensive protection through our connected living platform. Our expertise in the warranty and mobile business, coupled with our broad distribution, uniquely positioned us to deliver integrated solutions to our clients. For example, we recently partnered with Claro Brazil, one of the largest mobile operators in Latin America, to introduce a smart phone upgrade plan that includes device protection. This program enables consumers who otherwise could not have purchased those devices to join the connected world. As competition intensifies across the industry, there will be additional opportunities to expand our market share, but occasionally we will lose business. Recently a client notified us of its decision to transfer their tablet protection program to an affiliated company starting in the second quarter of this year. While we are disappointed to lose this business, we believe our tailored solutions in the mobile value chain and superior customer service will continue to be key differentiators in the industry. Pre-need is another important business for Solutions and remains a solid performer. While widespread flu this season could increase mortality, we expect pre-need to grow as we benefit from SCI's expanding share of the US funeral market. These opportunities at Solutions, along with our disciplined investments, will help us build on last year's success. Let's now look at Assurant Specialty Property. This segment benefited from another year without significant hurricane activity. Property took many steps last year to drive operational excellence while moving resources toward our targeted growth areas. Our alignment with leading mortgage servicers remains a key differentiator and competitive strength for Property. As expected, the normalization of Lender-Placed insurance will pressure results near term. In 2014 we started to invest in initiatives to standardize our Lender-Placed platform to increase efficiency. We expect these investments and ongoing actions to generate net savings later this year, and beyond, to help maintain specialty returns. Our strong capital position allows us to invest in targeted areas to drive profitable growth and diversify our business model. We are pleased with our progress thus far. Our acquisitions of Field Asset Services, StreetLinks and eMortgage Logic, which now comprise our mortgage solutions business are performing ahead of our revenue expectations. We're capturing market share and now expect to generate $300 million of fee income from these acquired businesses in 2015. At Assurant Health 2014 marked a year of substantial change with the introduction of guaranteed issue and the public exchanges under the Affordable Care Act. For the first time during an open enrollment period, we participated on exchanges in 16 states. Individual major medical plans sold off on and off the exchanges, drove significant sales increases in the fourth quarter. While we are encouraged to see our products resonate with consumers, our focus must remain on driving profitability and achieving specialty returns. The loss for the year was disappointing and reflected persistently high ACA claims experience. As we have noted, mandated coverage extensions introduced after the industry had set 2014 pricing, drove higher overall market morbidity and significantly affected results. In response, we've taken action, effective January 1 we implemented plan design changes and increased premium rate substantially for all 2015 ACA policies. We also lowered commission levels in certain distribution channels across several states to further manage risk. We believe the actions we are taking, along with ongoing expense discipline should improve results in 2015. Assurant Employee Benefits results were driven by overall favorable experience and growth in Voluntary Products. Revenue from this targeted area increased by 12%, well in excess of the market. We believe Voluntary will remain the growth engine of benefits as employers shift more of the selection process and benefits cost to their employees. As the market continues to evolve, Employee Benefits will partner even more closely with Health in a number of areas. For example, the segments are looking at opportunities to leverage their broad distribution networks and sales programs. They are also evaluating operating efficiencies to prove the customer experience and strengthen returns. As I moved into the role of CEO, I'm energized by our employees as we strive to make Assurant stronger for the future. Across the organization we are accelerating our actions on multiple fronts to enhance efficiency, to invest for long-term profitable growth and to prudently manage capital for the benefit of shareholders. Now Chris will review results for the quarter and our outlook for 2015 in more detail. Chris?
Chris Pagano: Thanks, Alan. I'll start with Solutions, which delivered another strong quarter. Net operating income was $58 million, $36 million higher than the prior year. Continued growth in covered mobile devices and favorable domestic loss experience drove results. We also recognized $5 million of income from client marketing programs, a decrease from prior years. Results also benefited from operational efficiencies due to the restructuring efforts that we began in 2013. Net earned premiums and fees were nearly $1 billion as we delivered more integrated services in mobile, an area that we have targeted for growth. In our core business, higher revenue from vehicle service contracts and production at a domestic service client also contributed to the strong quarter. Declines in non-growth areas such as domestic credit tempered growth and overall Solutions revenue was partially offset by foreign exchange pressures in Canada and Latin America. For the full year Solutions delivered record top-line and earnings, far exceeding our expectations. In 2015 we expect revenue and earnings to remain level with the prior year. Growth in our mobile and vehicle service contract businesses will offset the loss of a tablet program which accounts for roughly $100 million of annualized premiums and fees. In addition, there is potential for a decline in client marketing income. As we continue to expand our business globally, we also anticipate near-term foreign exchange headwinds. We will continue to invest in mobile and other core products to enhance our competitive position as non-growth areas contract. Now let's look at Specialty Property. In the quarter net operating income was $71 million. This compares to $108 million in 2013, which was a near record quarter due to higher-than-average renewals and new Lender-Placed portfolios. There were several factors contributing to the year-over-year earnings decline, including lower placement and premium rates, margin compression from the previously disclosed loss of business and higher non-catastrophe losses, including claims from hailstorms early in the quarter. Net earned premiums were $595 million, down 9% from 2013. The market and client factors mentioned earlier, along with uneven timing of loan additions and renewals, drove the decline. While overall revenue at Property was down, targeted growth areas contributed approximately $140 million in the quarter. Premiums from multi-family housing grew 20% year over year as we expanded our distribution. Fee income rose 80%, primarily from acquisitions and market share gains in mortgage solutions. For the quarter, Specialty Property's expense ratio increased 530 basis points, of which nearly 400 basis points was due to our shift toward fee-based products and services. The remaining 130 basis points relates to lower Lender-Placed premiums. In 2015 we expect further declines in revenue and earnings at Property due to the normalization of Lender-Placed insurance and the sale of American Reliable. The potential for increased catastrophe activity could also affect results. The initiatives underway to lower expenses in the Lender-Placed area and expand margins for mortgage solutions will help mitigate some of the declines, with net savings expected in the latter part of this year. Importantly, these actions will help us maintain attractive returns long-term. Turning to Health, the net operating loss of $37 million was driven by higher-than-expected loss experience on ACA policies, which was only partially offset by risk mitigation programs. During the quarter, Health adjusted its accruals under these programs to reflect higher claims and increasing market morbidity. As a reminder, risk adjustment recoverables are based upon each carrier's risk relative to the market. In the fourth quarter we accrued $9 million under this program, a lower amount compared to the third quarter 2014, reflecting higher overall market risk. Recoverables under the reinsurance program totaled $133 million for the period. For the full year our total estimated recoveries from the risk mitigation programs were approximately $400 million. The expense ratio at Health declined 370 basis points year-over-year as we benefited from greater scale and continued operational discipline. As a reminder, results for the quarter included $5 million for the ACA annual insurer fee. This required annual expense will increase from $20 million to $28 million in 2015, and is non-tax deductible. During the past several months we've taken aggressive steps to drive toward our long-term profitability goals. While the market will continue to evolve, we expect results to improve this year. At Employee Benefits, fourth-quarter earnings declined to $7 million primarily due to lower disability recoveries compared to 2013. Given the low interest rate environment, we reduced our discount rate 25 basis points for new long-term disability claims beginning October 1. We will continue to monitor interest rates and take additional actions as needed. Benefits' expense ratio decreased 60 basis points, reflecting premium growth. As with Health, expenses include the health insurer fee. In 2015 Employee Benefits' share will increase by $2 million to $8 million for the full year. Overall, we expect Voluntary to grow in excess of the market once again in 2015. At the same time, we will take further actions to lower our general expense ratio toward our long-term target of 23%. Moving to corporate, we ended December with $310 million in deployable capital. During the quarter we paid $71 million for the CWI Group, we returned $20 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and we repurchased $102 million worth of stock. Overall for the full-year 2014, the company repurchased 3.3 million shares or nearly 5% of our common stock outstanding. This year through February 6, we have repurchased an additional 529,000 shares for $35 million. Total segment dividends in 2014, net of infusions, were $450 million below earnings as we funded growth in Health. We expect 2015 segment dividends to approximate segment operating earnings. As always this is subject to rating agency requirements. Capital releases from Lender-Placed insurance will help fund organic growth in other product areas. The proceeds from the sale of American Reliable will provide additional flexibility to deploy capital. In 2014 the corporate loss declined $15 million to $68 million, reflecting lower employee benefit and acquisition-related expenses compared to 2013. We expect additional reductions this year as we implement other expense initiatives. Fourth quarter results also included an $8 million reduction in the amortization of a deferred gain related to an annuity business we sold in 2001 through reinsurance. This had no impact on cash flows and does not change the total amount of amortization over the life of the contracts. While the investment portfolio continues to perform well and our low turnover strategy has helped us preserve book yield, a prolonged low interest rate environment will result in further declines in investment income. Before we open the line for questions, I want to mention an upcoming change to our financial reporting that we will implement in the first quarter. At the Company's IPO, goodwill on our balance sheet was held at corporate, as the majority of it related to legacy transactions. Starting this year, the $840 million of goodwill at corporate will now be included on segment balance sheets. $540 million at Solutions and $300 million at Specialty Property. This will have no impact on Assurant's consolidated results. In 2015 our focus remains on executing our strategic objectives as the markets evolve. We believe the actions underway across Assurant will help us deliver long-term profitable growth to our shareholders. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from John Nadel with Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Good morning, John.
Chris Pagano: Hey, John.
John Nadel: Good morning, everybody. I guess the first question for you, Alan, on Health. In your outlook commentary and in your prepared remarks as well as Chris', we should see improved results in 2015. I'm just wondering how we should think about quantifying that? Last year Management said that the Health segment would be modestly profitable in 2014, and yet it lost $64 million. I recognize a lot has changed, but I'm trying to understand in terms of order of magnitude what kind of improvement you are actually expecting to see in 2015? Should that loss be cut in half? Should all the actions taken get this business back to modestly profitable back quickly? How do we think about that?
Alan Colberg: Hey, John, I appreciate the question. Let me start with the commentary on what happened in 2014. Yes, you are correct, that was our expectation going into the year with the pricing that we put in place. As we've talked about, the rules changed after we set pricing, and after the whole industry set pricing. That dramatically altered the risk pool in 2014 and made the market much sicker than had been expected.
John Nadel: No question, yes.
Alan Colberg: That's what really influenced 2014 results. The good news about 2015 is it's a new cohort. We were able to raise our prices aggressively and appropriately to reflect the experience we expect will happen in 2015. We've made significant plan design changes really by analyzing what happened in 2014 and trying to address any adverse selection effects. You saw the commission reductions we took to moderate sales. And with on our ongoing expense discipline, we think results will improve in 2015 with the goal of profitability.
John Nadel: Okay. Maybe to help folks, Alan, maybe a weighted average or some way of thinking about, you said significant rate increases for 2015. Can we get a sense for that, even if it's a ballpark?
Alan Colberg: Well it's early to know what will happen in 2015, but our rate increases on average were in the double digits and closer to 20%.
John Nadel: Thank you. And then a couple questions on Specialty Property. I'm curious how we should be thinking about the non-cat loss ratio. I'm asking because there's actually been quite a bit of volatility on a quarterly basis in that non-cat loss ratio during 2014. Maybe a couple of quarters it looked like it was pretty favorable, a couple of quarters maybe unfavorable. How do we think about what a reasonable run rate is? Or a starting point as we start to think about the negative consequences of further premium rate reductions working through the book?
Chris Pagano: Hi, John, it's Chris. A couple things. Remember, the ratio is going to be a function of lower premiums coming through, so we're going to see that drift a little bit higher. When I think about cat versus non-cat, there are some weather events that don't qualify for cat. In the fourth quarter in particular we had some hailstorms that did not meet our definition of cat, but were weather nonetheless. So $5 million to $7 million in the quarter in particular. And then again, as we move through the normalization of Lender-Placed and properties are in foreclosure for longer, you're going to see slight drifts higher in the non-cat loss ratio.
John Nadel: Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then one last one for you on Specialty Property. The placement rate, I'm curious, this fourth quarter was the quarter you lost that 600,000, loans track. It seemingly had up pretty high placement rate. I think we were estimating somewhere around 7.5%, 8% placement rate on that block that left you in the quarter. And yet the overall segment placement rate only dropped 5 or 6 basis points on a sequential basis. Is there some catch-up we should expect to see as we move into calendar 2015? Is there something else at play there?
Chris Pagano: Yes, I think so, a couple things. There's always going to be a little bit of mismatch that's a point-in-time estimate with respect to the placement rate. The block will flow through over time, so you will start to see it drift a little bit lower. But again, going back and in context, it's the normalization of the Lender-Placed business that's going to produce this decline in placement rate. I think we've talked about 1.8% to 2.1% longer-term. And again, if you look at the continuum, you're starting to see that come into play.
John Nadel: Okay. And then one last overarching question on Lender-Placed. There is seemingly no end to the turmoil at Auckland and some of its related affiliates. I understand you guys have a pretty deep relationship with them on the Lender-Placed side. I'm just wondering, can you give us any color on what kind of impact, if any, you believe, any outcomes, radical outcomes with Auckland could place upon you?
Alan Colberg: John, we are not going to comment on a specific client. I think the important thing to remember as you think about our Lender-Placed business, is we play across all of the different parts of that industry and all the different types of servicers. So we are well aligned with whatever might happen in the marketplace and well positioned to be still the provider of choice in Lender-Placed.
John Nadel: Okay. I appreciate that comment. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Good morning, Mark
Mark Hughes: Good morning. How much capital would you anticipate might come free in the Specialty Property business on top of earnings?
Chris Pagano: So we've given some long-term guidance around that, 52% to 57% of net earned premium over time. Again, keep in mind as you think about the Specialty Property business in aggregate, you're going to see the freeing up of capital from Lender-Placed, redeployment in the targeted growth areas around Mortgage Solutions in particular, multi-family housing. And then don't forget ARIC. The sale of ARIC released a significant amount of capital. I think long-term even with goodwill being held at Property, the $300 million, we still think 20% ROEs are possible, and are targeting that. And I think that, again, meets our definition of Specialty.
Alan Colberg: Mark, let me add on to Chris's comments, just a couple of thoughts on capital management the way I think about. Which is, we have a very strong a portfolio of businesses that generate substantial free cash flow. And as you saw, we expect that to approximate segment earnings this year for us. That combination creates real value for our shareholders. And we have, I think, a good track record of deploying that capital effectively. And as I said in the prepared remarks, I'm committed, we are committed, to continuing to balance returning capital to shareholders with appropriately investing in future growth. And I think you see evidence of that over time.
Mark Hughes: Thank you for that. And then the $400 million that's a receivable from the government, could you talk about your confidence that you've done this properly? Is there some question about that? Are there some assumptions that you've had to make? How much confidence do we have that, that money will come to you?
Chris Pagano: So again, that $400 million has got two pieces to it. So you've got $275 million or so in the reinsurance recoverable, which is a mathematical calculation, $45,000 retention and then the co-participation up through $250,000 on claims. Feel a high degree of confidence in that number. The risk adjuster, we have confidence in our own number, but it is our risk score relative to the market. I think that's where there is a little more of an estimation process that we have to go through. Every quarter that goes on we get more information, not only on our own block but the rest of the market, as third-party providers are aggregating data. Again, the number is our best estimate as of year-end.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weiss with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Good morning, Seth
Seth Weiss: Hi, good morning, everybody. First, I want to ask a couple questions on Health. First, Alan, you mentioned the goal of profitability in 2015. Is this the same as a target of profitability? And I don't mean to split hairs here, I'm just trying to level set for 2015.
Alan Colberg: I think the decisive actions we've taken so far are we expect results to improve. We're going to monitor very closely with Health, how things develop as the year go by. We will take additional decisive action, but it is a goal of profitability.
Seth Weiss: Okay, thank you for that. And my biggest question on Health is the question of the risk adjusters. I understand the pressure from the extenders on 2014 and how that gets corrected on 2015. This quarter it seemed to be that the accrual of the adjuster was a large reason of the under-performance. That is seemingly a very difficult thing to predict when you're trying to predict the health of the broader risk pool. How critical is that adjuster accrual in your pricing and goals for 2015?
Chris Pagano: Well again, the risk adjuster in terms of the aggregate recoverable we've got for 2014, it's a little more than a quarter. So the reinsurance recoverable is the larger piece where we have a higher degree of confidence, since there's no market estimation involved there. But again, the way I think about it is all of the participants have an interest in understanding the market risks so that they can properly estimate their risk relative to the market. But there is some estimation in there. We feel pretty good, but again, it's the first time through. And then again, 2015 is a different story.
Alan Colberg: Seth, I think it's important to tell this tale of the two years because they are different. 2014 when the industry had an expectation of a risk pool, that was changed after the fact by the extenders. 2015, we're able to look at an expected risk pool. There hasn't been any intervention to change that expected risk pool so far. So again, it's an estimation, but 2015 maybe a very different year for market morbidity than 2014 was.
Seth Weiss: Is it fair to assume that within your pricing assumptions, given the pricing action that you've taken and the change in cohort that you described, is it fair to assume that your reliance on the risk adjusters next year is significantly less than what you had assumed the reliance would be in 2014?
Alan Colberg: Yes, it's hard to say for sure. There are a couple things going on with the risk programs that we need to be careful, as we think about 2015. One is the reinsurance program is gradually phasing out. It phases out completely after 2016. With the risk adjuster it really is going to be a function of what the market morbidity is. Now our ACA block is substantially bigger in 2015 as the market switches is to the metallic plans. So the risk adjuster program remains very important to us as we go through the year.
Seth Weiss: Okay, thank you. And then one question on the increased insurance fees. I just want to make sure I'm understanding this correct. This is a direct hit to the tax line, right? So that's after-tax impact that you've given and no impact to the expense ratio. Am I thinking about that right?
Chris Pagano: The fee is not tax-deductible but we are allowed to price for in our rates.
Seth Weiss: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Alan Colberg: Good morning, Sean
Sean Dargan: Good morning, thank you. I have a big-picture question about Health. You have a target for profitability in 2015. It's not generating cash flow that's being dividended up to the holding company. I'm wondering, how hard would it be to walk away from this business? Is there a political pressure to stay in this business? What's preventing you from just stopping renewals and freeing up capital?
Alan Colberg: Sean, I'm not going to speculate on what we might or might not do with Health over time. We have a commitment to our shareholders though, that we're going to be Specialty businesses that can generate Specialty returns. We are constantly looking at Health and whether we can achieve it under the new reality of the ACA world. We're going to take action. You've seen us take action. We're going to continue to take action. We'll take the appropriate action if it's not a specialty business over time.
Sean Dargan: Okay. That's all I had, thank you.
Alan Colberg: Thank you.
Operator: The last question is coming from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates. Your line is open.
Steven Schwartz: Hey, good morning, everybody I got a few.
Alan Colberg: Hi, Steven.
Steven Schwartz: Staying on the risk adjusters, do you have -- what did you base this on? Do you have industry data already that you can look at and use, not only to figure out for this year but use for next year?
Chris Pagano: Yes, there's a company called Wakely, a third-party provider who's been aggregating the industry data over the course of 2014 and providing it to those participants. We have been adjusting our accrual based upon how our estimate of our risk score relative to the market data, as provided by Wakely.
Steven Schwartz: Okay, presumably the extenders coming in, they're going to be more healthy. On the other hand, you have this big push, there are healthcare.gov ads on every day here in Illinois. You see that offsetting? More people that were in the program last year, probably less healthy, you got the extenders, they are probably more healthy?
Chris Pagano: I guess our basic premise is the first people to participate in healthcare were the least healthy. And as the block grows it will become, in aggregate, healthier. And that's been the promise that we've operated under since the beginning.
Alan Colberg: I think it's important, Stephen, just one other comment. I think it's important as we've thought about that, we've really worked hard on the plan design and with the pricing to reflect what we think is going to happen. And then we've used the commission changes that we made to try to get the sales in the places where we want them to be.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. I guess, the one thing I'm looking at is, who knows how things work out this year with all the new people coming in. But at some point you get to a stable market. Everybody is in who is going to be in. At that point these things become much easier, no?
Alan Colberg: We expect, I think the industry expects, the market to normalize beginning more -- it should normalize somewhat in 2015 just without the extenders. By 2016, 2017 it should become a more predictable, more normalized market.
Steven Schwartz: All right. And then one more on Health before I move to something else. The Health membership was down. It wasn't down last year in the fourth quarter, individual Health membership. This is not making sense to me.
Chris Pagano: A couple things. There's just a little bit of attrition that goes on during the course of every calendar year. And then more importantly, when we record sales in a quarter, the insureds [ph] do not go into the count until they pay their first premium. These are all Jan 1 effective dates, so the first-quarter, fourth-quarter lag is what you're going to see. And then you will also see the effect in the first quarter of the fact that open enrollment continues on through February 15. So just a timing issue there.
Steven Schwartz: No, I get that. And that was explained last year, how there were the big sales and there wasn't that much growth in membership. But here was an actual decline which did not happen last year. Where did these people -- what products did they leave from and where did these people go? They didn't stay naked for a couple months.
Chris Pagano: Keep in mind, the other thing you got to remember first quarter of 2014, significant number of sales that offset the normal course attrition. And then there are other events. People who are unemployed find a new job, they go into a group plan, et cetera. I think the volatility in this is really normal course. But again, the trend here is increased sales of individual medical in the metallic plans. And that's what you're going to see coming into play in 2015.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Do these people leave? What plans did these people mostly leave from? Was it mostly the access health and they are going to healthcare.gov?
Chris Pagano: You know, we don't have that information, sorry.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. And then one more. The tablet loss in Specialty Property. I don't know a whole lot about this business, but I think of tablets, I think of Apple, I think of Samsung, I think of Microsoft, whoever. Is that the case here? And you said to a sister company, an affiliated company? Do they have captives that they are reinsuring this themselves? Is that what's is going on?
Alan Colberg: Yes, effectively. This was not competitive, which is the important point. And it's being moved to an affiliated insurance company of one of our former clients.
Steven Schwartz: Okay, so is this a trend? Do a lot of these companies have captives that can and will do this?
Alan Colberg: No, I think the reality has been over time the market is moving the other way. And you see that with the success of our mobile business. We have made real progress over the last few years. I think we've built a very strong franchise there. Our pipeline of potential new clients is very robust. You do get into special circumstances occasionally, and that's what this was. But again at the end of the day, we feel good about the momentum in the mobile business and how it's going.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. All right, thank you guys.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, everyone, for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. And as always, please reach out to Francesca, Suzanne and Jisoo with any follow-up questions. Thanks
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Robert B. Pollock - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Alan B. Colberg - President Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and President of Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2014 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are: Rob Pollock, our Chief Executive Officer; Alan Colberg, our President and incoming Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our third quarter 2014 results. Both the release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Rob, Alan and Chris before moving into a Q&A session. Some of the statements we make on today's call may be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2013 Form 10-K. Today's call will also contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted on assurant.com. Now, I will turn the call over to Rob.
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. Overall, we're pleased with our performance for the quarter, despite weaker results at Health. We continued to execute on our strategy by evolving our mix of business to produce more earnings and cash flow over time. We're actively managing our business and aligning resources to support our best opportunities. In the third quarter and during October, we strengthened our mobile business with 2 acquisitions. First, we invested in a device repair facility in the U.S. to support our growing customer base and expand our logistics capabilities. Second, earlier this week, we signed an agreement to purchase CWI Group, a leading mobile insurance administrator in France, with approximately $40 million in annual fee income. In addition, we further enhanced our mortgage value chain offerings by acquiring eMortgage Logic. These deals are in areas we have targeted for growth and also fit our acquisition playbook. They will add long-term value to our business. During the quarter, we also announced an agreement to sell our general agency property and casualty business. In combination with continued expense discipline, we're finding additional resources to direct toward our best opportunities. Our progress this year is evidenced in our performance against 3 key financial metrics: annualized operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 11% year-to-date; book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, has increased over 8% this year; and revenue, defined as net earned premiums and fees, was up 18% year-to-date, driven by expansion across all 4 operating segments and including an increase of more than $300 million in fee income. Our balance sheet remains strong. At quarter end, we have $560 million in corporate capital, including our $250 million capital buffer. Strong cash flow generation provides us the flexibility to grow both organically and through acquisitions and return capital to shareholders. Now, I'll provide updates for each of our segments. Assurant Solutions delivered another strong quarter. The earnings improvement was primarily driven by our success providing services across the mobile value chain. The 2 acquisitions in mobile will further improve our operational efficiency and expand our distribution into France, one of the largest mobile markets in the world. At the same time, our core service contract business continues to perform well. We're adapting our distribution through e-tailers and original equipment manufacturers while moving resources away from certain retailers. We continue to capitalize on opportunities to strengthen our competitive advantage by meeting the needs of our customers. This will serve us well in a rapidly changing environment. Assurant Specialty Property's results also were strong, reflecting the benign hurricane season. During the quarter, we broadened our product offerings to mortgage lenders and servicers by purchasing eMortgage Logic, a leading provider of residential valuation products and technology services. We now offer property appraisal, preservation and valuation services, which together are expected to generate more than $250 million in annualized fee income next year. We believe we can grow in future periods by offering more comprehensive solutions for our clients, even in the sluggish housing market. We've seen early confirmation of our strategy, as we expanded our business with new and existing clients. Our position as a trusted adviser with a strong financial foundation is resonating. In 2015, we'll strive to profitably increase market share with value-added offerings. Our targeted growth strategy requires us not only to invest in new capabilities but also to redeploy assets when appropriate. This month, we announced an agreement to sell our general agency P&C business and its primary statutory insurance company, American Reliable. This sale highlights our strategic focus on the core lender-placed business and growth initiatives, including services to the mortgage and multi-family housing industries. Let's now turn to Assurant Health. The segment's loss in the quarter was disappointing. We think it's important to explain the dynamics that affected results in the Affordable Care Act marketplace. Last fall, during the first open enrollment, we made pricing assumptions about the risk pool of consumers buying policies in a guaranteed issue environment. We believe that existing policyholders who were required to transition to ACA plans would be healthier than new enrollees. However, changes in the rules announced last November and again in March allowed policyholders to extend their existing coverage through 2016. Therefore, ACA business had worse morbidity characteristics than we had assumed, and pricing of policies could not be modified. In January, we will reset pricing for all ACA policies. We believe our rate actions, plan design changes and increased scale through our distribution on select public exchanges will drive improved results. Assurant Health submitted filings to participate on 16 exchanges during the ACA open enrollment period which begins next month. This will allow us to meet the needs of consumers who may purchase on the exchange. At the same time, we'll be able to provide integrated quoting and enrollment services to our national distribution partners for policies sold on or off the exchanges. At Assurant Employee Benefits, voluntary remains the growth engine, with premiums up 12% year-over-year. Our investments in voluntary to broaden our offering, expand our distribution and strengthen our enrollment capabilities continue to yield results. In addition, we renewed our dental network agreement with Aetna for another 3 years. This partnership helps to further strengthen our competitive advantage in the group benefits marketplace by providing a broader panel of dentists for our customers. We're pleased with the transformation of our Employee Benefits business under John Roberts' strong leadership. Following John's retirement in January, Adam Lamnin will broaden his role and lead both Assurant Health and Employee Benefits. Although these businesses will continue to run separately, we believe there are additional opportunities to collaborate on distribution, realize efficiencies and more tightly align strategies on resource deployment. It's been a pleasure to work with John over the past 10 years, and I want to thank him for his many contributions to Assurant. Across the company, we continue to adapt, strengthen and grow. We have strong momentum and we believe we can sustain our progress and successfully execute on our strategy. As I prepare to transition my duties, I'm especially pleased by the board's choice of Alan Colberg as President and incoming CEO in January. Alan is an accomplished executive. We've benefited from his counsel and guidance for many years, first at Bain & Company and since 2011, as a key member of our management committee. Alan has been influential in shaping our strategy, accelerating innovation and inspiring a customer focus throughout Assurant. Before Chris elaborates on the quarter, I'd ask Alan to share a few of his thoughts on what's ahead. Alan?
Alan B. Colberg: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. We've been fortunate to have great stability with only 3 CEOs in the nearly 40-year history of Assurant. I am honored to succeed Rob as the fourth CEO. Rob has set the tone and embodied the values and culture of Assurant. He's been instrumental in building the successful Fortune 500 Company Assurant is today. As Rob prepares to retire, our company is in a strong position competitively and financially. On behalf of our 17,500 employees, I want to thank Rob for his leadership, his many contributions and to wish him the very best in his retirement. Looking ahead, I believe we can build an even stronger Assurant for the future. We remain committed to our aspiration of outperformance; for our customers, with products and services that meet their needs; for our employees, to be part of a great place to work; and for our shareholders, as we achieve top quartile performance against our peer group over time. We are a company with a long history of adapting to external change, and we will continue to do so even as the environment rapidly evolves. My confidence is bolstered by the dedication and deep experience of our senior management team. Together, we will focus on 3 key priorities as we strive for outperformance. First, we will live our purpose to help protect what matters most to our customers. Second, we will understand consumers and clients' needs and innovate in the ways we serve them. And third, we will deliver profitable growth. We have strong momentum today. As we emphasized during Investor Day, we will capitalize on macro trends to grow earnings long term. We will do so by meeting customer needs around their risk events, whether through specialty insurance products or related services. This will require us to innovate faster around end consumer needs to drive organic growth. At the same time, we must ensure operational excellence to become more efficient while also delivering outstanding customer experiences. Finally, we are committed to maintaining our track record of disciplined capital management by balancing organic growth, potential acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders to create value. In the next several weeks, I'll have the opportunity to visit with many of you, and I look forward to it. With that, I'll now turn to Chris for more detailed comments on our third quarter results and outlook.
Christopher J. Pagano: Thanks, Alan. I share your confidence in our opportunities to build upon our strong foundation and momentum. Now, let's take a closer look at our progress. I'll begin with solutions. Third quarter net operating income was $52 million, an increase of more than 40% from the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by mobile, where we continue to benefit from robust growth in covered devices in the U.S. and other international markets, continued favorable domestic loss experience and $5 million of additional income from client marketing programs. Our international operations also improved as the European restructuring initiated last year continues to generate savings. We are on track to fully realize our commitment of $25 million of annualized gross savings next quarter. The third quarter also included a $2.7 million impairment charge related to a software system that supports our domestic credit business. We continue to manage expenses closely as this business declines. Turning to net earned premiums and fees. The continued success of our mobile and service contract offerings in the U.S. and Latin America drove a 22% increase in revenue. Our acquisition of Lifestyle Services Group in the U.K. also contributed to growth in the quarter. Given Solutions' strong performance year-to-date, we believe 2014 full year results will exceed our expectations. This is largely due to robust mobile performance, including additional income generated from client marketing programs, which may fluctuate year-to-year. As we look ahead to 2015, expansion from the targeted growth areas will help offset continued declines in domestic and European credit as well as runoff business from certain retailers. We believe that the investments we've made in mobile and international, along with ongoing expense management, will position us for earnings growth going forward. Moving to Specialty Property. Net operating income was $105 million compared to $115 million in the third quarter of 2013. The decrease primarily reflects margin pressure from lower premium rates as we implement our new lender-placed product. Non-catastrophe losses increased slightly, driven by the higher frequency of claims from properties that moved to foreclosure. Net earned premiums increased by 7% in the quarter. We recorded some residual benefit from the discontinuation of a client quota share arrangement, partially offset by lower premium rates. Fee income also increased significantly, primarily due to $55 million from Field Asset Services and StreetLinks. As a reminder, these fee income acquisitions carry higher expense ratios than our insurance products. For the quarter, Specialty Property's expense ratio increased by 640 basis points, of which nearly 500 basis points was attributable to our acquisitions in the mortgage value chain. In September, we announced that a client decided to transition approximately 600,000 loans with a higher-than-average placement rate. We anticipate the impact of this change will begin in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead to 2015, we expect Property's net earned premiums will decline as our lender-placed business normalizes. Lower placement rates, a decrease in average premium rates and the previously mentioned loan transition will all contribute to lower revenue. In addition, the sale of American Reliable is expected to close in the first quarter of 2015. As a result, annualized net earned premiums will decrease by approximately $250 million. This sale, however, will provide additional capital to be deployed in targeted growth areas throughout Assurant. Specialty Property's refined focus will allow us to generate profitable growth from multi-family housing and our mortgage value chain fee income products in 2015. At Health, the net operating loss was driven by higher-than-anticipated claims on ACA policies. As a result, the loss ratio in the third quarter increased by 740 basis points year-over-year to 81.7%. The ACA plan extensions that Rob mentioned were the primary driver of this increase. Claims activity was only partially mitigated by the ACA reinsurance and risk adjustment programs. As of September 30, our estimated recoveries from the reinsurance and risk adjustment programs increased to $257 million, also a reflection of growth in premiums related to ACA plans. We will continue to refine these estimates as we review our historical claims payment patterns and receive additional market data. While we anticipate higher claims activity to persist in the fourth quarter, we believe new 2015 rates and plan design changes, along with increased scale and ongoing expense discipline, will improve results beginning next year. Turning to Employee Benefits. Earnings doubled year-over-year due to improved disability results in the quarter. During the period, we also started the process to close one of our disability claims offices. This is another example of our efforts to streamline operations for better efficiencies. For 2015, we expect the voluntary business to continue to grow well in excess of the market rate. At the same time, we anticipate taking additional actions to lower our general expense ratio over the long term. At Corporate, we ended September with $310 million in deployable capital. During the quarter, we paid approximately $30 million at closing for eMortgage Logic and our new mobile repair facility and returned $57 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Through October 24, we purchased an additional 571,000 shares for $36 million. We believe the stock remains attractively priced. Segment dividends year-to-date, net of infusions, totaled $252 million or 57% of segment earnings. By the end of the year, we expect to dividend total segment earnings to the holding company, subject to growth in the business and rating agency requirements. As hurricane season draws to a close, our strong holding company capital position and segment dividend capacity should provide us with additional flexibility to repurchase shares and to make investments in our business organic or through M&A. As a reminder, the acquisition of CWI Group for $71 million is expected to close in the fourth quarter, while the sale of American Reliable for $114 million and the associated capital release will be a first quarter 2015 event. Our investment portfolio continues to perform well, and our low turnover strategy has helped to preserve the overall portfolio book yield. Should the current low interest rate environment persist, however, investment income will decline as the portfolio's book yield steadily migrates to the market yield. Overall, we are pleased with the third quarter and performance so far this year. We continue to make progress against the strategic objectives we outlined at Investor Day as we grow and diversify earnings for the long term. In closing, Rob, I want to echo the gratitude we all feel for your many contributions to Assurant over your 33-year career and especially for your inspiring leadership as CEO. Your expertise and management style have set a tremendous example for so many of us. Thanks for the opportunity to learn from and work with you. And my very best wishes for the future. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from John Nadel of Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: They got Nadel and Agee right. Question for you on -- maybe a couple of questions around Health to start. And that is, I guess, can you give us any sense yet -- maybe you've gotten some state approvals already on rates -- on rate increases, but can you give us some help on understanding the magnitude of the rate increases, particularly those that you've already gotten approval on? What's that process entail? I mean, when will you know finally what your rates are going to be for new business starting January 2015? And whether it's -- based on your current assumptions, you're going to get to a point where it's sufficient to reverse this margin issue.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Sure. So let me just start, John, a little bit looking back when we -- the whole Affordable Care Act was passed. And we set and embarked on a strategy around affordability and choice, okay? And as we looked at things, the first question we needed to know was, was that going to resonate? I think that, that proved, indeed, to be the case with our sales last year. And we also knew that 2014 was going to be a bumpy year because you just had a lot of discontinuous change going on. Our results were disappointed, but they're almost entirely explainable by what happened with extenders, which we've talked about a little bit. Because we can split our experience up and realize what's happened there. Now to your question on the rate increase side, we've been filing rate increases. They're going to be reflecting that new risk pool. And the good news is we've received approval in almost all states. There's a few that are still left, but they're substantial. They vary based on geography and location. But we're very confident they're going to meet what we need to make this business profitable in 2015.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And I think maybe just as a follow-up to that point. If you think about the assumptions that go into figuring out what kind of rate you need to get back to your targeted margins, I guess at what point in time did you really start filing these rate increases? Because it seems -- and maybe I'm wrong on this, but it sure seems like the negative performance of the ACA piece of the block really has -- I mean, maybe it started to show up much earlier this year, but it's really showing up in your GAAP earnings this quarter. So...
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So let me start and then I think Alan might have a few comments to add. But we started filing in June. And if you think about what I mentioned earlier on our strategy, first thing we needed to prove was we could sell. Boy, we were able to prove that in 2014. We sold off exchange, sold plenty of it. But when we looked toward 2015 and as we saw experience emerge, we realize we needed more rate. And so we took aggressive action. But we've gotten our expenses down, we've gotten the scale, okay, in the business and now we're into refinements, which is right in our wheelhouse of what we're good at.
Alan B. Colberg: Yes. And John, let me add a couple of thoughts on kind of the future of Health. I think the important thing I would say is we're confident in the future of Health. If you look at the market, obviously, PPACA has created short-term disruption, but it creates long-term opportunities for us to continue to do what we've always done, which is adapt. And we have a strong track record in that business of being able to adapt and make very good margins. And when we look at 2015, we are confident results are going to improve, as a part because of the pricing actions that we just discussed, in part because of some plan design changes that we've made. And then we have continued the expense management discipline that has been a hallmark of the last few years, combined that with some additional scale as we expand distribution. And we feel results will be improving in 2015.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then just -- listen, I appreciate all those comments, right? I mean, and there's probably going to be a little bit of show me here to make sure that what's going through is going to really reverse this. And if I think about -- maybe just last question on Health is this. If you're assumptions are right and your pricing is right, is 2015 a year for Health, where you're getting toward your targeted margins? Or is it a transition year on the path toward those targeted margins? I don't know if I'm phrasing that quite well.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So I think that what we've pointed out in the past, John, is it would take a few years to get to our ultimate goals. But you're going to see substantial progress next year and results getting better. I get you on show me because we've had the same discussions with Health and they've been able to demonstrate. And we can look and understand that extender impact on our business in some detail, which give us confidence.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. And then as it relates to the risk adjustment mitigating the $257 million, I think, you've got booked right now, when -- at what point -- how far into the future do we have to go? And how much more data do we have to see before you guys actually have that number figured out, to the point where there's little risk of movement in it up or down?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So we're participating in 2 of the 3 mitigation Rs, if you will. Reinsurance, we've got that one pretty well understood, and it's just going to be a function of how the government decides to coinsure reimburse, whether it's going to be 80% or something higher. But we have all those claims identified and feel very good about it. We're just waiting for them to make a final determination on how they're going to distribute the money they've collected. On the risk adjuster, a little bit different, okay, because this is a need to compile up -- we know what our business looks like from a risk score, but it's not just that. It's our risk adjustment compared to the overall market. So you need an aggregation of all that data. And if you look this quarter, there were obviously a lot more experience brought into that. We thought our business was -- had a higher risk adjuster score than it ultimately has. And the reason it doesn't is, again, the overall pool was a little worse than we anticipated.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Dargan of Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: As I look at the performance in solutions, you do call out subscriber growth in the press release. And I realize there are a lot of moving parts between premiums and fee income. But is there any way that we -- that you can provide us with, I guess, a subscriber count so that we could somehow tie that to something in building our models for that segment? It's just difficult for me to kind of get my arms around what the impact is.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Understood. I think there's maybe 2 -- I'll make a couple comments and then Chris can provide some specifics. I think as we play across that mobile value chain, Sean, we've got some situations where the involvement with the subscriber may be deeper than it is with others. But we've got numbers on the subscribers. Chris, you want to just share some of them?
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes. Sean, yes, I think, I mean, the aggregate number for this quarter is $25 million globally. Now that's up 20% from the previous quarter. So there's significant growth in the business, again, validating our view that this is a targeted growth area for us. But I think as Rob points out, our interaction with those subscribers differs by client, by region, et cetera. But in aggregate, a 20% increase for a quarter-over-quarter.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Okay. And on Specialty Property, there was a mortgage industry publication that ran something indicating that there would be a new entrant who would come to market with premiums lower than presumably your QBE. Do you have any update or anything you can tell us about whether you see any evidence of that?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, this is a marketplace that's always been quite competitive, and there have been a lot of players there. We feel very good about our position based on how we've built our platform and operate. So we can't really comment on any particulars on who may enter or in the past, we've seen people leave the market. We feel very good about our position.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, Sean, it's Chris. I think, longer term, the outlook for the Property business in lender-placed is really about market forces, decline in the placement rate, lower premiums. It's really -- and all of which we factored into our forecast. Now having said that, we're not waiting around for that to happen, but we're looking to diversify the revenue sources, leveraging our role as a trusted adviser in the mortgage space, moving into a mortgage value chain, broadening our offerings, et cetera. So again, which we look for that to be in 2015, a $250-plus million source of fee income for us. So we -- again, the forces are going to create a normalization of the lender-placed business. We've factored that in. We still think it's going to be an attractive business, 20% returns, still a Specialty business for us and then leveraging that into these newer sources of fee income.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: You had talked about the voluntary business within Benefits growing, I think, well in excess of the market rate. What gives you confidence there? And then to what extent are exchanges, Health exchanges, or other private exchanges factoring into your strategy on voluntary benefits?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. So we've been investing in the voluntary area for quite some time, and we think we're ahead on a variety of things that are needed to be successful in that marketplace. So we like our position in voluntary. We think that it will continue to expand. And I'll let Alan comment a little bit on why we think that in a moment. In terms of the private exchanges, though, to address that, Mark, it's been very small, and it's -- we're getting some learnings out of it. But I wouldn't say that it's taken hold yet. Alan, do you want to comment on voluntary for just a second?
Alan B. Colberg: Yes, thanks, Rob. And Mark, the way we've thought about this is thinking about where do we have macro trends in our businesses, that if we could get more resources appropriately against those trends, we could create long-term shareholder value. One of those trends is this evolution from employers paying for benefits to employees paying for benefits. Very similar to what happened in pensions, with defined benefit moving to defined contribution. We've seen the same thing developing in the voluntary space or in the work site space. So as Rob said, we've been investing against that for years. And I think we feel like we are out ahead of most of our competitors with capabilities, with distribution. And it also creates an interesting opportunity as we think about the announcement of Adam sitting on top of both Health and Benefits. Although those remain separate companies and we intend to operate them as separate companies, thinking about how we leverage some of those capabilities for our Health products is another interesting lever. So we're quite excited about that business. Our team in Benefits has a long track record of outperforming and growing that business. And I think you'll see us continuing to invest behind voluntary.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: What's the most important area? Is it the distribution relationships? Is it the product design? What's the key factor?
Robert B. Pollock: Actually, a lot of it is around enrollment and administration and making sure things that sound rather simple, like getting the bills right, sounds easy, does hard when you've got changes in employment going on. So what -- the employer is going to research the company and endorse it. But then, boy, you got to execute because they cannot afford to have issues around payroll.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from John Nadel of Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I may do this a few times. The -- I guess 2 quick ones. One, I think Chris, you said that, that subscriber number was up 20%. I just wasn't sure if it was on a year-over-year basis versus third quarter '13 or if that's a sequential growth rate.
Christopher J. Pagano: That number since year-end, John. Sorry.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that's since year-end. Okay, perfect. Another quick one for you guys. As you lose this block with a higher placement rate in 4Q, at least on a pro forma basis, how big of an impact does that have on the placement rate for 4Q? If we think about, relative to the third quarter placement rate, how much did that fall, approximately?
Robert B. Pollock: So I think what we've talked about, John, is about $80 million of premium annually, with roughly an 8% placement rate.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. I can do that. And then I guess a bigger picture question. Alan, I suppose as you're taking over, maybe I'd prefer to direct it to you, no disrespect to Rob or Chris.
Robert B. Pollock: Sure.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: You guys have -- you're in an enviable position, right, that you have a significant amount of current excess capital and on a pro forma basis by the time you close on the sale of American Reliable, significantly higher still. So I know you guys have talked about your priorities for deploying capital over time, and there's been a lot of consistency for a bunch of years on that. But I guess my question for you is this, Alan. How high will you actually let excess capital get before you really do feel like you've reached the limit, where anything above that amount just needs to be returned to shareholders, even if it's in an accelerated buyback or a special dividend? Have you given any real thought to that?
Alan B. Colberg: Yes, let me start, John. Our strategy on capital management is going to be unchanged. We're going to continue the approach that we've taken of kind of a balanced deployment of capital, looking at the best opportunities between returning capital to shareholders, investing in organic growth and, as appropriate, where the hurdle rates are met, selectively augmenting our capabilities or distribution with M&A. That's going to be unchanged. And I think you'll see us doing that. Really, what we're trying to do over time is create shareholder value through that combination of capital management. We're looking to grow the earnings. We are actively managing our resources and businesses as you've seen with the -- both the acquisitions and the divestitures in the recent quarter. We continue to invest selectively in capabilities. And so all of that brings us to what we're really focused on as we do this. And I'll ask Chris in a minute to talk about how we thought about M&A in that context of the overall capital management, is creating value through that disciplined capital management. To answer your question more directly, we're not going to set a specific number. We're going to continuously look at the market, look at the opportunities and make the right decisions to create shareholder value. But Chris, maybe you can talk a little bit about M&A in the context of that overall capital management.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, John, and again, to Alan's first point, the strategy is unchanged. And going forward, it -- we've always felt it was a combination of growth in NOI and returning capital to shareholders and growing per share -- NOI per share book value, et cetera, that was going to create long-term value. If you think about the last 5 years of activity, there's been consistency there. The key difference being the discipline around recognizing that the shares were significantly underpriced, and therefore, share repurchase was, in many ways, the only prudent use of deployable capital. The last 2 years, that's changed. We've moved closer to share -- to fair value on the share price but still believe it's attractive. And Alan's point again around discipline, if the -- deployable capital position, it will ebb and flow over time. I think the key here is we continue to generate cash from the operating companies, and that cash-generating power is our -- one of our biggest assets. And the goal is to take that asset and grow more cash flow. So again, I think -- and I think we've been consistent in the last 2 years around this combination in terms of returning it to shareholders and deploying it via M&A or organically. The one thing you comment on a special dividend, don't see that as a possibility. We think that -- we believe in -- that our shares are undervalued. So and prefer to be in the market consistently with respect to share purchase.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes. And listen, don't take me the wrong way by asking the question. I agree completely that you guys have been consistent. I was just more thinking about it seems to be a growing dollar amount. And that was the nature of the question. Last one, real quick, is just on the sale of American Reliable. Is that the piece that's responsible for $250 million of premium that should come off the books? Is there anything around that?
Robert B. Pollock: No, that's it.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Rob Pollock, CEO, for any concluding remarks.
Robert B. Pollock: As we close the call, I want to take a moment to thank my Assurant colleagues for their dedication. They make Assurant a special place to work. I also want to thank the investment community and investors for their time and interest in Assurant. As always, you can reach out to Francesca, Suzanne and Gesue [ph] with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Robert B. Pollock - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Michael John Peninger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Investment Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and President of Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thank you, Leo, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2014 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are: Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our second quarter 2014 results. Both the release and the corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike, with Chris participating in the Q&A session. Some of the statements we make on today's call may be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in those statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release, as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2013 Form 10-K. Today's call will also contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted on assurant.com. Now, I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter results were good, despite higher claims at Specialty Property. We made progress deploying additional resources to the areas targeted for long-term profitable growth. Let me highlight some examples from the second quarter. Our mobile business drove excellent results for solutions. Specialty Property generated solid fee income growth from our recent acquisitions in the mortgage value chain. Health continued to adapt to the Affordable Care Act, with robust sales outside the ACA open enrollment period, and Employee Benefits grew voluntary sales and revenues. We measure our performance with 3 key metrics: annualized operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 10.8% year-to-date; book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, has increased 5.3%, since year-end; and revenue, defined as net earned premiums and fees, was up nearly 20% year-over-year, driven by expansion across all 4 business segments and contributions from our recent acquisitions. Our balance sheet remains strong. We ended the quarter with approximately $560 million of holding company capital. This provides flexibility to make investments in our businesses, pursue select acquisitions, and return capital to shareholders. Now, I'll provide updates for each of our business segments. Assurance Solutions' delivered record earnings during the quarter, led by Mobile and expense savings from prior restructuring actions. Gains in mobile reflected favorable loss experience and contributions from client marketing programs that exceeded expectations. The number of enrolled devices is up more than 15%, since last year-end. Our program management capabilities provide a broad array of services that clients can tailor to their needs, such as product development, program administration and device management. This expertise allows us to segment mobile consumers and serve their needs. The mobile industry remains dynamic, as carriers and distributors consider new partnerships and strategies to be successful in the expanding global market. Our progress this year demonstrates our ability to adapt, and we're excited about future opportunities. In Preneed, we renewed our long-standing relationship with SCI, the leading funeral home provider in North America for another 10 years. This has been a great relationship, and we look forward to continued growth as we benefit from SCI's expanded footprint. We're pleased with solutions year-to-date results, as the team met performance milestones ahead of schedule. We believe the business is well positioned to deliver 10% average annual growth, and net operating income over the next 3 to 5 years. Contributions from mobile, Preneed and service contracts are expected to offset the clients in our domestic credit and runoff retail businesses. Assurant Specialty Property's net operating income declined due to a significant increase in non-catastrophe losses, which Mike will discuss in more detail. Underplays revenues continue to be solid. Our growing multifamily housing business, along with our acquisitions in the mortgage value chain are building a more diversified less capital intensive property business going forward. At Assurant Field Asset Services, we captured additional share of the property preservation market by winning new business. We believe that our strong reputation, rigorous processes and large vendor network were the reasons we were selected. The StreetLinks integration is well underway and early feedback from clients is positive. We anticipate this property appraisal business will contribute $80 million to $90 million of fee income to Specialty Property's results this year. And we've grown our sales pipeline as a direct result of the acquisition. While it's still early, both of these acquisitions are exceeding our expectations. Overtime, we anticipate they will generate 15% pretax margins and help sustain attractive returns at Specialty Property. Let's now turn to Assurant Health. Results reflected the continued impact of health care reform. The new guaranteed issue environment meant that a less healthy population than we traditionally insured would enter the market. The ACA's reinsurance and risk adjusted programs were designed to help mitigate the expected higher claims and were reflected in our pricing. Late changes in ACA rules, however, allowed people to extend coverage under existing plans. This changed the risk pool of ACA enrollees to include fewer healthy lives than we assumed. We expect experience and new enrollees to normalize over the remainder of the year. The health team is preparing for the next open enrollment period that begins in November. We plan to participate on several public exchanges this year. We expect this new distribution channel will allow us to serve even more consumers with our broad array of products. Recently, the Department of Health and Human Services announced that fixed indemnity plans, like Assurant Health Access, cannot be sold on a standalone basis beginning in January. Health Access currently accounts for less than 10% of health net earned premiums. While we believe these products meet affordability needs of many buyers, we will discontinue sales as required. Additional business from the public exchanges should more than offset revenue declines from our access products. We're encouraged that our major medical premiums grew in excess of 20% this quarter driven by strong sales, which continued outside of open enrollment. We believe our multichannel distribution, broad network and expense discipline will allow health to deliver attractive returns over the long-term. Assurant Employee Benefits achieved strong results this quarter, with an ongoing focus on voluntary offerings for the small to mid-sized employer. Voluntary premiums grew by 13% or roughly 2x the rate of the market. We've gained share with our efficient enrollment, communication and billing capabilities combined with our broad product suite. We continue to allocate resources to voluntary, while working to reduce expenses in other nongrowth areas. Before I turn to Mike, I want to acknowledge the succession plans we announced during the quarter. In addition to my retirement, Mike will retire this year. Chris will succeed him as CFO on August 15. I'd like to thank Mike for his many contributions during his 30-year career at Assurant. He's been a great advisor to me, most recently as our CFO for the past 7 years. I know that Chris will continue to build upon the company's momentum. I look forward to working even more closely with him during my remaining time as CEO. With that, I'll now turn to Mike for more detailed comments on our second quarter results and outlook for the full year.
Michael John Peninger: Thank you, Rob. It's been a privilege to serve as CFO, and I know that Chris will provide strong leadership as the company executes its profitable growth strategy. Turning now to our quarterly results, I'll begin with Solutions. Second quarter net operating income was just under $60 million, up almost 90% from the prior year. This increase was largely driven by mobile results, which benefited from double-digit growth in covered devices, very favorable domestic loss experience and $10 million of income from client marketing programs, which generated a significantly higher volume of devices than we anticipated. Total segment net earned premiums increased 13% and fees were up 76%, due to the global success of mobile, which now accounts for roughly 25% of Solutions' revenue. The domestic combined ratio decreased to 91.4%, reflecting favorable loss experience in fee income from our various mobile offerings. Excluding mobile, the domestic combined ratio for our core protection products trended in line with our long-term target. Adjusting for prior period restructuring charges, our international combined ratio increased 120 basis points year-over-year and reflected changes in our geographic mix of business. European results improved significantly as cost savings from the LSG integration accelerate in the months ahead, European results should continue to improve. We expect the total international combined ratio to approach our target of 100% for the full year. Based on Solutions' strong performance in the first half of 2014, we believe that full year operating income will exceed our previous expectations. We do, however, expect some moderation in the third and fourth quarters. Client marketing programs contributed substantially to our first half results but future volumes and profitability are difficult to predict in such a fast-changing market. Similarly, loss experience in our insured products can vary considerably from quarter-to-quarter and will likely increase from the low levels, we saw in the second quarter. Looking further ahead, fluctuations in foreign exchange and the evolving mobile marketplace may cause results to vary from year-to-year. We remained confident, however, that Solutions' will achieve its 10% annual earnings growth rate target beyond 2014. Moving to Specialty Property, net operating income declined by $38 million year-over-year, primarily, due to a spike in non-catastrophe losses. Excluding reported catastrophe claims, our loss ratio was higher by 790 basis points versus the second quarter of 2013. Unusually cold weather earlier this year caused a significant jump in water damage claims from burst pipes, including $22 million of adverse development from the first quarter. These losses, along with an uptick in fire claims, accounted for about 500 basis points of the increase. The balance was consistent with our expectations and reflects the impact of lower premium rates and loss trends associated with our new lender placed insurance product. Our expense ratio increased by 600 basis points in the second quarter. Growth in fee-based businesses, which have higher expense ratios, costs nearly 400 basis points of the increase. Additional cost in our lender placed insurance business drove the remainder of the change. We expect that our long-term initiatives to standardize and streamline our lender placed platform will yield savings beginning in 2015. Earlier this month, we announced the completion of our 2014 Catastrophe Reinsurance Program with more than $1.8 billion in coverage. Attractive pricing in the reinsurance market allowed us to lower our first event retention to $190 million versus $240 million in 2013. We also expanded multi-event and multiyear coverage. Complete details of the new program are available on our website. Given continued growth year-to-date, we now expect properties, premiums and fees to increase slightly versus 2013. As we noted on our last call, we are in discussions with the client regarding possible loss of business to another carrier. We have no further update on these discussions at this time. Profitability at Specialty Property for the year will depend on loss experience, and the rate of change in lender placement rates, including the timing and outcome of our client discussions. At Assurant Health, pretax profits, which we believe are the most appropriate gauge of underlying performance, totaled $7.5 million in the quarter compared with $12.4 million last year. Results included early claim submissions on Affordable Care Act policies. These policies accounted for more than 1/3 of Health's total individual medical net earned premiums in the first half of the year. As Rob noted, initial claims were somewhat higher than our pricing assumptions, but much of that variance will be offset by the ACA's risk mitigation programs. As of June 30, our estimated recoveries from the reinsurance and risk adjustment programs totaled approximately $140 million, about $80 million of that is from the reinsurance component and is booked as an offset to policyholder benefits. The remaining $60 million is the expected risk adjustment reimbursement and adds to net earned premiums. We anticipate that accruals for both these programs will continue to increase as ACA plans become a larger portion of our business. It's worth noting that reinsurance recoveries are estimated based on Health's historical claim payment patterns and the projected funds available to the industry under this program. The risk adjustment receivables are entirely a function of how the health of our policyholders compares to that of the market and are thus even harder to estimate. We've carefully reviewed our methodology, and the limited market data that's currently available. We believe our assumptions and methods are sound. Nevertheless, actual reimbursements may vary significantly from our estimates. We will update you as experience develops over the rest of the year. Health continues to demonstrate strong expense discipline. In the quarter, the expense ratio declined 170 basis points due to prior expense actions and greater scale. Expenses also include $5.3 million related to the annual health insurer fee. We're encouraged by continued sales momentum and revenue growth at Health. As we look to 2015, we believe the individual health market will continue to grow and that Assurant Health will generate profits as we benefit from increased scale, improved experience and our ongoing expense discipline. Employee benefits delivered a strong quarter, driven by improved disability experience, reflecting lower incidence and targeted pricing actions. In addition, the previously announced increase in the discount rate on new long-term disability claim reserves added nearly $1 million to operating income. Voluntary premiums grew by 13%, while our true group business continued to decline as expected. Employee benefits remains focused on reducing expenses. In the quarter, the expense ratio declined due to net earned premium growth. As a reminder, expenses in the quarter included $1.5 million related to the ACA annual health insurer fee. We expect additional expense management actions, along with premium growth, to further reduce benefits expense ratio longer-term. Turning to Corporate matters, we ended June with $310 million in deployable capital. During the quarter, we paid $60 million for StreetLinks, raised our dividend for the 11th consecutive year and bought back $59 million worth of stock. Through the remainder of hurricane season, we'll remain disciplined in deploying our capital. We will continue to balance prudent investments to fuel growth with returning capital to shareholders. Net segment dividends year-to-date totaled $123 million or 42% of segment earnings. For the whole -- for the full year, they will roughly equal segment earnings, subject to factors such as growth in the business and rating agency requirements. The second quarter corporate segment operating loss was $14 million, a 35% reduction compared to last year, due to lower benefit plan costs and other operating efficiencies. Overall, we're pleased with the quarter and performance so far this year. We continue to make significant progress against the strategic objectives we announced on Investor Day, as we grow and diversify earnings for the long-term. We're optimistic about our future prospects. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Chris Giovanni of Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Question, I guess for Mike. You've mentioned confidence in achieving the 10% annual growth target in solutions beyond 2014, and you've talked a lot kind of this quarter and last quarter about the favorable experience, but didn't really call them out as disclosed items in the supplement. So I'm wondering if that growth in '15 includes actual year-to-date results? Or if there is some normalization of those client marketing initiatives and favorable loss experience?
Michael John Peninger: No, we have not called those out as disclosed unusual items, Chris. I mean, we were very happy with our mobile experience in the quarter of the year. We do talk, as I mentioned, about variability in these things. They're hard to predict in advance. But overall, mobile is very strong for us. And we also like several other areas have solutions too, which are performing very well, on our vehicle services business. We're excited about the new contract with SCI. So mobile definitely is driving our progress this year. But solutions, all solutions lines, are going very well. We got to keep in mind the declining areas too. But the domestic credit business and the retails channel in the U.S. But mobile plus those other areas we feel good about.
Robert B. Pollock: I think, Chris, if we go back and put this in a broader perspective, we're playing that big macro trends that we see going on in mobile. It's growing, it's growing in lots of different places. We're playing the trend of digitization, which is movement away from the big-box. Some of the things Mike talked about towards other ways of distributing product and we still like the growth in the middle market in Latin America. So those are the macro trends we're playing. Recall too that when we entered mobile, we entered that under an idea of ensuring devices. What we found is the much broader program management that Mike's talked about, which offer lots of different opportunities for us to participate. So we're quite excited about the mobile area.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Understood. Around Health, can you talk a little bit about, what you're thinking about regarding the public exchanges? I know at Investor Day you talked about looking to participate. So any updated thoughts in terms of number of states you're going to target, and how we should be thinking about the discontinuation of the access products? That's an area you have had some success selling into over the past few years?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So the first thing I think is, if you look at where we were a year ago, we decided to allocate resources toward consumers and agents as they were going through the impacts of health care reform. We also were at the belief that everything we've heard, the exchanges we're going to have, some trouble getting up and operating at the beginning, we didn't think that was the best use of our resources. That turned out to be a pretty good decision. I think things went well. So what are the learnings today. The learnings we found is the exchanges have gotten better, and they're also used by agents as a way to determine who might be eligible for subsidy. So -- although they -- I think the agent will continue to be the guider of the buyer in a lot of these situations, or most of them, they're going to use the exchange as a means to determine if someone can get a subsidy. We're going to make decisions on a state-by-state area based on where we think the best opportunities are, but we do think playing in that arena and demonstrating we can succeed there will be important for us going forward.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, and I think access has been a nice growth product to your point, Chris. But with that going away, we think that the exchange will -- be another source of revenue that will definitely offset that.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then last one, and I'll jump back in the queue. Maybe for Chris around capital and M&A. Obviously, the capital position is strong, continues to build and I don't think you've taken kind of all the dividends out here year-to-date. So I guess maybe even better if given the current kind of pace of buybacks here. So wondering, if you still have some debt capacity here, at attractive rates, would there be any consideration for larger M&A and/or change in maybe what you've communicated from a share repurchase standpoint?
Robert B. Pollock: Chris, Rob. I'll give this to Chris, because it's really his. But I just want to start with remember, we continue to have businesses that generate a lot of free cash. We think that's a big part of our storyline and what we're trying to do, and it underlies all of our activities around capital management. Chris, why don't you tee that up?
Christopher J. Pagano: Sure. I mean, it does a couple of things. First, again, this is the approach to M&A hasn't changed. We continue to believe that modest sized deals in targeted growth areas are the best source of value creation. We continue to maintain our discipline around cash based internal rate of return, hurdle rates. We do believe we have some debt capacity, probably $250 million to $300 million, just increases the financial flexibility overall. But as Rob said, cash producing operating companies give us significant amounts of, again, flexibility to deploy capital in targeted growth areas organically or through M&A, and then also to return capital to shareholders. We still believe the stock is attractive, and continue to view share repurchase as a prudent use of deployable capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: The $140 million in accruals, would you assume that the second half accruals would be at about the same level? And can you give us some sense of your confidence in the -- your calculations, given the kind of fluidity of the environment in health care?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure, well, the accrual will continue to grow because that the settle up on these things won't take place for a while. But I think it will grow along with our premiums as so-called metallic premiums account for a bigger share of our business, Mark, the accrual will grow along with that. We'll be certainly be reporting out to you in a variety of settings about the progress. To the confidence in these, they're part of the legislation, the ACA legislation. We built them into our pricing. they were designed to make sure that individual carriers were comfortable being in the market. For the most part, well actually, I think they are industry funded. There's money being collected now and then in the case of the risk adjuster, it's sort of a zero-sum industry program. So we're quite confident about that.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you'd -- any update on the savings you'd described when -- the plan to standardize, streamline the platform in specialty property, how meaningful will that be?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, we think it will be quite meaningful -- it's a multi-year plan because of the complexity of the property of business, the complexity of the systems environment that's required to serve our lender placed clients and all, it doesn't happen overnight. But as I think we mentioned, we expect savings to start next year and then they'll build over the next year or 2.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Any sense of the magnitude there? Tens of basis points, hundreds of basis points?
Michael John Peninger: I think as plans get more firmed up, we'll certainly be updating you about that, Mark. But we expect the savings from these initiatives to be meaningful.
Robert B. Pollock: Right. And you can just think about it as representing a lot of changes that have gone on in the marketplace, where historically having a tailored solution was very important to the servicer, with all the requirements that have come about around the compliance aspects of things, a move towards standardization will make a lot of sense. We've identified things to work on in that area. We've had discussions with a number of our clients. They're very receptive. So now, Mark, it's just a matter of execution on the things that we've identified. But it will take time, as Mike mentioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Wanted to go into mobile, maybe in a little bit more detail. And the -- I think you mentioned in prepared remarks, maybe Mike's remarks, that mobile today represents about 25% of Solution's revenues. I just want to make sure, is that of the total segment revenues or should we exclude preneeds? Is that just on premiums and fees?
Michael John Peninger: It's the total segment, John.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Including net investment income as well or just premiums and fees?
Robert B. Pollock: No, premiums and fees.
Michael John Peninger: Premiums and fee income.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then thinking about -- can you give us a sense for the split of that between domestic and international? Is it 50-50, 75-25, I mean?
Michael John Peninger: Yeah, I don't think we've provided that split yet, John. We've got contributions from the domestic clients. Notably, we've talked about T-Mobile, we've got a considerable amount coming in from [indiscernible] and Telefonica.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Telefonica. Yes. On the marketing programs fees, I think you mentioned $10 million. Is that 100% margin for you guys? Or is there some expense that you put up against that?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, there's certainly expenses, John. You can think about it as it's a big logistics business. Someone might trade in a phone or send in a phone for repair. We have to work on it, mail it back to them. So there's certainly expenses associated with these things. And the contributions from these programs come in different ways, John. We've talked about the $10 million contribution. But in some cases, because of the different kinds of program we do, sometimes they're accounted for through fees and sometimes they're expense offsets and stuff. So that's why we've tried to help you with that. And we mentioned that the combined ratio on the non-mobile things are trending sort of in line with our historical benchmarks. So I think with this additional disclosure, that can help you sort of figure out how mobile is coming through our financials.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so then -- so $10 million, but it's not entirely $10 million to your pretax income and solutions?
Robert B. Pollock: No, it's a $10 million contribution to NOIs is what we [indiscernible] program. So there's much more combination of things, it's netting to that, John.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So $10 million after tax impact in Solution. Got it. Then -- just a quick one on health. Just, can you give us a sense for the margin differential between the health access product and the major medical -- individual major medical product?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, I think at our Investor Day, Adam went through some of this, John, and outlined that. We're feeling much more confident that we can earn good margins in the traditional major medical business. I'd also point out, remember, we're on a journey here in health. And we said that as we developed our strategy over time, the first thing was to demonstrate as the Affordable Care Act went into business or became fully functional, that we could sell in that environment. I think we're proving we can do that. We know we have some higher expenses associated with commissions on new business. We've had to put resources on getting ready for all these things, and we think profitability will improve over time. And over the long term, we think we can earn attractive returns in the business. So step one, we prove we could do things. This year, we're going to go on the exchange, prove we can sell there. Longer term, we know the profits will follow.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And I'm sorry, I have got 2 more quick ones. Just returning to Solutions real quick. I think this quarter, about $1.7 billion of equity allocated to that business. Obviously some moving parts in terms of what's growing, what's not, how capital intensive that growth is or not. As we look forward, should we expect that, that $1.7 billion is going to grow significantly from here?
Robert B. Pollock: No, I think there's some noise in the inner -- in the quarters, John, because of our complex legal entity structure. So I think if you go back and think about equity as we've got income, we take some dividends out from the segment, there's some growth that's certainly going to drive Solution's equity up. But I don't think it will go up. In fact, it will probably moderate a bit by the end of the year from the $1.7 billion.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, lastly, just in Specialty Property on the lender-placed side, if you think about the impact of rate reduction, specifically in those couple of states where they were pretty meaningful, about how far in the ballgame are we in terms of seeing that fully reflected in your premiums through renewals and new business?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, if you think about it on a state-by-state basis for instance, we're done in California. Those changes were put into effect a couple of years ago, we finished. I think what Gene outlined at Investor Day is we'd have about an 8% to 9% impact over the course of '14 and into '15. Obviously, Florida is a big part of our business. We started taking rate actions in Florida beginning in January of this year. And as business renews, that represents about 1/3 of our business, John. So there's a timing impact to how these things come through. And we review the stuff regularly on a state-by-state basis with each of the different insurance departments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weiss of Bank of America.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe just to return to Solutions real quickly. In the outlook, you removed $50 million target for the 4Q. I just want to make sure I'm reading this right. Is this because you've already basically achieved that? Or could we read that there's maybe upside to quarterly run rate earnings?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, we feel good about the $50 million in the fourth quarter. We took it out because of the strong quarter we just had. We're sort of already there. We pointed out that you just need to think about a little bit of variance, and we had really good loss experience in the second quarter. Historically, loss ratios have moved around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. And then we talked about the sort of inherent difficulty in predicting some of these marketing programs because they're really under the control of the carriers. The carriers start and stop them. So we just want you to be aware of those things when we think, but overall, we're very pleased with Solutions results.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then thinking about these marketing programs, should we think of the back half of the year where there may be particularly a pressure to what you would otherwise expect that some of those earnings were maybe brought forward due to more accelerated pace of these marketing programs? Or should we just think about a base level there?
Robert B. Pollock: Again, we can't predict what will happen. We do have -- I think other things we've talked about, we've got expense savings going on in all the solutions that will continue to take effect, as we go through the year. A lot of the programs are designed around carrier strategies, and also the introduction in new phones, et cetera, those are difficult things to predict.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And if I could just shift quickly to Specialty Property. And I believe in the prepared remarks, you talked about an alternate 15% margin on the Field Asset and StreetLinks. Could you give us a sense of where you are now on margins? And maybe also a sense of -- I assume these are much less capital intensive products. Could you give us any sense of what kind of capital requirements those demand?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, I think Chris' presentation at Investor Day tried to address some of that Seth. And I'm going to let him tee up kind of where we are on a number of these acquisitions.
Christopher J. Pagano: Sure. So just one -- a comment, just first about the capital intensity, These are fee-based businesses, so there will be very little additional capital outside of the purchase price. In terms of the investment thesis with these 2 investments, this is mortgage value chain. It's not a market that's growing, but a market where we believe we can gain market share by expanding our product offerings, leveraging our distribution with the -- within the mortgage market and improve the operating margins by efficiencies and synergies by rolling these businesses up into the broader property space. So we feel very good about that. We just keep in mind, though, that we look at these on a cash basis, internal rate of return, hurdle rate basis. There are significant intangibles associated with these 2 purchases. Field Asset Services is roughly $20 million of intangibles that will amortize over the next 5 or so years. The StreetLinks deal is about 75% of that purchase prices intangible. So you're not going to see significant NOI contributions in the early years. But over time, as we assimilate these businesses into Specialty Property, we do believe that they're going to be -- produce long-term profitability and value creation.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So that 15% is looking beyond that amortization period?
Christopher J. Pagano: No well, again, operating margin and NOI, separate discussions there, so -- which again -- so pretax operating margin will be a function of the synergies and the efficiencies. And then, of course, scale as we expand in the out years. So -- but in terms of NOI, you've got to back out intangible amortization, but that again is not a cash -- will not affect the cash generating potential for these businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I have a few here, kind of random. The increase in fee income going to Specialty Property. First, the increase in fee income in the quarter, sequentially from 1Q '14, that is both StreetLinks and Field Asset Services?
Robert B. Pollock: Correct. StreetLinks was -- it came in during the quarter, so that was a meaningful change from first quarter.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: All right. And then something that I track -- I don't know if you look at it this way or not, but I look at gross premium earned to the homeowners business relative to loans insured and that actually picked up a little bit in the second quarter versus the first quarter. I would expect that to decline. Is there a reason, a geographic mix shift or just?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. It certainly, I don't know off the top of my head, but the hypothesis you just offered up could well be a reason, Steven. Yes, I think there's lots of -- sort of the loan counts are point in time snapshots, and it's directionally important but it's not a perfect timing match with our premiums. But I think you're thinking about it correctly. But in the loans, the pricing is going down, as we've talked as we roll out our new product.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Replacement values doing anything?
Robert B. Pollock: I think our average insured values, I'm just trying -- I think they've been pretty level, right.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then moving on. Just some more follow-up on these marketing fees. These are monies paid to you and then you go out and boost up your marketing to get people to buy extended service contracts. Is that the deal?
Robert B. Pollock: No. A little bit different than that. So they can be promotional in nature. They might relate to someone sending us a phone, which we repair and get paid a margin on or it could be that we're actually taking a device and selling it into the secondary market. There's a myriad of different things that could go on there.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: But our assumption should be that this $10 million probably goes away?
Robert B. Pollock: No, I just think that it will vary over time. I think that's the big point we're trying to make here is this won't be just a steady state. It will go up some quarters and down others. But, overall, the long-term trend, I think, is this is a positive contributor and demonstrate another place we can participate in profit pools around our overall program management.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes. I realize this is all in the comments, all new, but is this $10 million high?
Robert B. Pollock: It's certainly high given as long as we've been in it, but again, I think you'll see more of these things happening depending on the volumes of our clients being able to attract additional consumers. It may relate to introduction in new phones or devices. A myriad of things can drive it. And I think we'll keep you updated as these things go on. And as Rob said, these are relatively new. So our track -- our history is we have, what, $4 million in the first quarter, $10 million in the second quarter. Over time, there's likely to be some kind of baseline that will develop, but it just takes time for that to come out.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just moving onto Solutions. Firstly, the access product. This is a hospital indemnity product?
Robert B. Pollock: The health access product? It's a product that has fixed indemnity benefits, Steven. It can be a variety of different things. But importantly, not have all the benefit requirements of the ACA plan.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I guess the question that I want to ask here is, it has not yet been clear to me -- I think I discussed this with Adam. But the HHS decision, does this affect what we would consider to be, I think, ancillary or supplemental health plans like dental or cancer or anything like that?
Robert B. Pollock: No. All those can be sold in conjunction with a qualified plan. So those can continue on.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Can those be -- can those still be sold in conjunction with the non-ACA compliant plan?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, but most of our sales are going to be ACA compliant, with our standard major medical site. Again, on Health Access, I believe the in-force will be allowed to remain in effect too. It will be grandfathered as other plans have, for those who have them.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: All right, okay. And then, just one more in Solutions. So the accrual from the reinsurance programs and the risk-adjustment programs was $20 million in the first quarter, $120 million in the second quarter. You wouldn't expect $120 million in the third quarter and fourth quarter?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, it's going to grow with the premiums, and the metallic premiums were a much higher percentage of our total premiums in the second quarter than they were in the first quarter, which drove that sort of increase. We're going to tell you, we'll report out regularly on these, Steven, to give you a sense. But they will grow with growth in the premium.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Well, I guess I'm wondering, was there like some type of catch-up in 2Q as development occurred as you saw what your experience was?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, we were estimating with no experience at the beginning. We had a little, but still a small amount at the end of the first quarter. We have a bigger, but still small amount at the end of the second quarter. I think, and Mike mentioned this, but I think this is important, we're participating in 2 of the 3 Rs. The health insurance fee is set up to cover the reinsurance recoverable, that's the claims between $45,000 and $250,000. So funded, Mike pointed out what we're paying on those fees, but that's being collected from all health insurers of all sizes to deal with issues in the individual market, okay? The risk adjusters is some companies are going to have worst pool of risks, and some are going to have a better pool of risks. Okay. That's a 0 sum game. If you've got a better pool, you pay in. If you've got a worst pool, you're a receiver. We think we're going to be a receiver.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: One more if I may. Just reminded me of this discussion. Torchmark, yesterday, wound up having to take their guidance down a little bit for this Gilead Hepatitis C drug? Is that an issue for you?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, it's an expensive drug. I think they may have -- I can't speak to the specifics of what they're offering. But certainly, we pay a lot of attention to just looking at drug cost because they're something that are causing health care costs to go up, obviously.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Dargan of Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: As we think about the combined ratio in Solutions, domestically, it was the most favorable it's ever been. And I realize there is some favorable loss experience. But can you give us a sense of the seasoning of losses over the life cycle of a handheld device, because you're fairly new to this. When do I guess claims kind of peak?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So I think a couple of things first. The movement in that combined ratio has been driven by mobile. But as Mike pointed out, it can report through in the revenue line in the combined ratio. It can also report through as an expense offset in the expense piece. So those will produce slightly different dynamics in terms of just the calculation. Now in terms of the devices themselves, the basic program with the large carriers tends to be reinsured back or can be reinsured back to them. We think we have a long history in understanding the devices that are out there today and how they repair and recognize that in terms of how we look at our results. Could that change on new devices? I suppose it could, but we think we have a good handle on how repairs take place.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, and I think losses come in -- there's not like people have a phone for months and then they have more claims going up. I think it's more if there's variability and we see some seasonal variability and losses due to maybe there's more accidental damage claims. There might be a little bit of theft experience that varies differently on the age of the phone or something like that, but I think in general this stuff develops fairly quickly.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Okay. And if I remember from last year, there's some I guess negative seasonality in the third quarter. And people go to the beach and the pool...
Michael John Peninger: Yes, we did see that last year and then we saw very good experience in this quarter that just ended that we talk about. So you do see there's some sort of fluctuations.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, we've certainly attributed that to kids having phones being outside, dropping them in pools in the summer. I mean those are the anecdotes that get offered up, Sean.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Okay. That's helpful. And shifting to property, there was a subtle shift in the language of the outlook, which you mentioned another carrier that this portfolio of loans can go to. I know you said at the beginning you don't want to talk too much about this. But does that mean incrementally you feel stronger that -- or you have a better sense that this portfolio is going to leave?
Robert B. Pollock: I don't think we have anything new to report here. I think, again, we've tried to report as quickly as we knew about the issue, and it's going to play out over time. We'll let you know if and when something happens.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Okay. You still earned the 20% ROE in property in the quarter. Is there any sense that anyone in Bermuda might want to do this at -- priced at 15% ROE? I mean, have you heard anything about new entrants to this market?
Robert B. Pollock: Again, not -- I haven't looked at it in particular. Again, we've said that there's always been competition in the business. And really the fact that there's a lot of intricacies around the tracking, the compliance, et cetera, are a big part of our strengths in the process. But there's people who, obviously, have -- we're competing with all the time.
Operator: And our final question comes from John Nadel of Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I can't get enough of you guys this morning. It's the first company, first conference call during earnings for me, so I still have energy. A couple of follow-ups on Specialty Property, and I'll follow-up on Sean's question here. I mean is there anything you guys can provide to help us think about the risk to the top or the bottom line if you lose this block of business? Or can you provide any color on why the client is looking to potentially move the business? Is it just a matter of diversifying? Are you seeing some heightened pricing competition? Any color you can provide.
Robert B. Pollock: I think if you go back to Gene's presentation at Investor Day, John. It starts with, "Hey, this business over time is going to normalize," okay? And I think we tried to update all our guidance around what that will look like compared to the prior Investor Day. And I think the things that Gene provided said, is still going to be an attractive business. Probably going to have a little higher placement rate than we had told you last time in the end for a number of reasons. And that we think that we're taking rate actions, et cetera, but we'll still produce attractive but lower returns. I think all of that still is the case. In terms of the particular client, we'll report out if we know anything. But this is normal course action, I think, that can happen at any time within a business. And remember, we've been the net winner of most loan additions over the last couple of years. So again, I don't think this is anything out of ordinary course.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And this is coming up on the normal expiration of an existing contract?
Christopher J. Pagano: We don't really talk about terms of anything that way, John.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So second one for you, and I know this is probably equally as tough to talk about, Rob. But one of the questions I continue to get asked is whether the slower pace of buybacks these last couple of quarters might be related to building up some sort of a cushion in the event of a settlement or something related to the FHFA, who is obviously being at least pushed a little bit here, or at least guided, advised to take some or pursue some legal action against the lender-placed insurers. Do you have any comments there?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. I always have comments. Again, I think, remember, when we go back and we talk about we introduced our new product, okay, we reached out to the Fannie and Freddie at that time. Talked to them about gee, there've been dislocations in the mortgage marketplace. We're going to try and adjust the product to provide more flexibility to servicers to better respond to their individual portfolio needs. So remember, we gave more flexibility around deductible, coverage amounts on seriously delinquent loans. We looked at area ratings. We did all these things, and we sat down with all the state insurance departments and introduced the new product and made rate changes, where we thought they were appropriate. So I think we've responded to all those issues. I think that we've got that new product operating in 45 states today. And our commitment is to our mortgage servicers, which continues. In terms of Capital Management. Chris?
Christopher J. Pagano: John, I guess I think -- when I think about sort of the pace of buybacks relative to the deployment of capital in organic growth or the acquisition, again, we're focusing on the balance between those 2. We think it's the combination that's going to create value. We still think the stock is attractive. However, as I said at Investor Day, there are other alternatives, both organically and out in the M&A space, that are providing comparable risk return alternatives. If you look at the deployment of capital since the beginning of the year, we've actually returned about $120 million to shareholders via repurchase and/or dividends and done $60 million of acquisitions. So again, it's this balance. How we think about repurchases from this point on, it's again a function of cat season, the capital needs of the operating companies, the M&A pipeline and what's potentially out there and whether or not deals are going to meet our return thresholds. And then also the pace of segment dividends. Again we still -- as you mentioned earlier, we still got a fair amount of segment dividends still at the operating companies, that will come up during the course of the year. And the deployment will be calibrated accordingly.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. All very helpful. And then final question for you, Rob. So it's been a few months since the announcement of your upcoming retirement. I'm sure the board is taking a really methodical approach here. But should we be interpreting the duration of the process as an indication that you're more likely to bring someone in from the outside, as opposed to promoting someone internally?
Robert B. Pollock: Look, the responsibility on succession is the boards. They've got to process. I think they're following that process carefully. I think, as most of our investors know, we've got a strong talent bench internally here. And the board understands that. They also have a fiduciary responsibility to look outside and what I've kind of pointed out is if they can find a superstar, they're going to bring him in. We've got lots of stars internally. So they're just working through their process, John. Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on our key milestones in the months ahead. Please reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with any additional questions you might have.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Rob Pollock - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Mike Peninger - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Chris Pagano - Executive Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Investment Officer, President - Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs John Nadel - Sterne, Agee Seth Weiss - Bank of America Sean Dargan - Macquarie Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Mark Hughes - SunTrust
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following management's prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions) It's now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thank you, Leo, and good morning everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2014 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our first quarter 2014 results. Both, the release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike, with Chris joining the Q&A session. Some of the statements we make on today's call may be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release, as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2013 Form 10-K. Today's call will also contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer the news release and financial supplements posted at assurant.com. Now, I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning everyone. Our first quarter results were strong and consistent with the strategic objectives affirmed at our recent Investor Day. During the quarter, we accelerated actions to adapt our business and strengthened our competitive advantage to grow earnings long-term. Let me update you on our key performance metrics for the quarter. Annualized operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 11.2%. Book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, increased 2.6% since year end. Revenue, defined as net earned premiums and fees grew by 14.7% year-over-year. As each of our business segments expanded in areas targeted for long-term profitable growth. Our balance sheet remains strong. We ended the quarter with approximately $540 million of capital at the Ocwen company, including our $250 million risk buffer. This gives us flexibility to make investments in our businesses, pursue select acquisitions to support our strategy and return capital to shareholders. Now, I will provide updates for each of our business segments. Assurant Solutions' first quarter results were better than anticipated. The significant year-over-year increase in net operating income reflects strong results in mobile and expense savings from prior restructuring actions. Our integrated mobile solutions are gaining tractions, traction with clients and consumers. Since year end, we expanded the number of covered devices we support in the U.S. by more than 20%, and helped our clients implement successful marketing programs. In Europe, the immigration of Lifestyle Services Group, or LSG, is progressing on schedule. We are generating the expense savings we anticipated, while at the same time building our mobile platform. Last month, LSG renewed a five-year agreement with their largest client, further cementing the leadership position in the U.K. mobile protection [market]. In Latin America, our investment in Iké is providing new opportunities to grow our business. As an example, we have had early successes in Mexico, selling our credit products to an Iké client. We are excited about the opportunities as we expand the range of products and services we provide across the region. Overall, while quarterly results may vary, we expect Solutions to deliver significant full year earnings improvement compared to 2013. Growth for Mobile, along with continued expense control will be the key drivers. I will now move to Assurant Specialty Property, where we continued to take actions to generate long-term profitable growth as placement rates normalize in our lender-placed insurance business. In particular, we're focusing resources on multi-family housing and opportunities within the mortgage value chain, where we can leverage our strong service capabilities and client relationships. In our multi-family housing business, we now serve more than 1 million policyholders, up 15% from last year. As many consumers continue to choose renting over homeownership, we are broadening our national footprint with both, existing and new property managers. In property preservation, we integrated Field Asset Services into our existing business. We expect this acquisition to deliver about $80 million of fee income this year, as we expand through existing clients and new prospects. Last week, we announced the acquisition of StreetLinks, a leading provider of appraisal management and valuation services. StreetLinks robust technology platform and large vendor network are recognized by mortgage companies for their value-added services. We are confident that the addition of our collateral risk expertise and extensive client relationship will allow us to gain share as this market consolidates. StreetLinks and Field Asset Services further diversify our revenue stream into fee income businesses that are less capital-intensive than lender-placed insurance. They also position us more broadly within the mortgage value chain and will help sustain attractive returns at Specialty Property. Let's now turn to Assurant Health, the Affordable Care Act's open enrollment period that ended March 31, prompted significant sales activity in the quarter. First quarter sales totaled $410 million, exceeding the fourth quarter's record by $90 million. We believe this performance demonstrates that our suite of products, extensive provider network and broad distribution channels remain key differentiators for consumers. The demographic mix of the business sold, including the age distribution was in line with our pricing assumptions. As expected, lapses increased as consumers used open enrollment to review their health plan choices. With open enrollment now closed, sales activity will moderate during the next two quarters, driven by life events such as marriage or the loss of employer coverage. We also expect persistency to improve. In advance of the next enrollment period that begins in November, we are considering participation on a select number of public exchanges and we will make final decisions during the next few months. We've adapted our business to the changing market. As we grow revenues and maintain strict expense discipline, we continue to believe more attractive returns will start to emerge next year. At Assurant Employee Benefits, we continue to focus on our voluntary business. Sales and net earned premiums and voluntary grew by 40% and 11%, respectively, compared to the first quarter of last year. This growth more than offset the declines in traditional employer paid group insurance. Our strategic focus on key brokers continues to drive an increasing percentage of our sales. In addition, Employee Benefits is preparing to participate on several private exchanges. While we do not expect these exchanges to be a material source of near-term sales, they will further expand our distribution and provide important insights as the benefits landscape evolves. Overall, we are pleased with the progress on all fronts during the quarter. Now, I will turn to Mike for more detailed comments on our first quarter results and outlook for the full year.
Mike Peninger: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin with Solutions. Net operating income for the quarter totaled $49.5 million, up $14.6 million from the same period last year. Results benefited from continued growth and covered mobile devices, prior expense reduction efforts and about $1.4 million of additional after tax income from real estate joint venture partnerships. In addition, short-term client marketing programs implemented in the quarter accounted for about $4 million of the increase. These programs demonstrate our ability to partner with clients to provide innovative offerings for consumers and generate new profit streams outside of traditional mobile insurance. Mobile loss experience was very favorable this quarter and benefited from underwriting changes we implemented with the client late last year. Experience on our mobile inventory support programs continued to be in line with our expectations, but it is still early. As new mobile devices are introduced in the marketplace, we anticipate greater volumes of upgrades and trade-ins which may cause variability in our results. Solutions net earned premiums increased by 9% and fees by 79% compared with last year, due to the market success of our mobile protection programs and contributions from LSG. We also saw modest growth in Latin America, despite foreign exchange volatility. Our International combined ratio for the quarter was 101.7%, a 60-basis point improvement from the first quarter of last year. Excluding disclosed items, the combined ratio improved 160 basis points versus the fourth quarter as we start to realize benefits from LSG acquisition and the European restructuring actions we announced last December. Solutions is on track to deliver significant earnings growth in 2014, but we also believe the dynamics of the mobile market will create greater variability in our quarterly results. We expect carriers to introduce innovative programs more frequently and accelerate the pace of marketing efforts to attract new subscribers. New phone introductions may also cause fluctuations in loss experience above and beyond the normal seasonal variability. We expect to deliver $50 million of net operating income in the fourth quarter as we realize our targeted expense savings from the European restructuring and expand our mobile franchise. Looking beyond 2014, we continue to believe that an average annual earnings growth rate for Solutions of 10% is reasonable as contributions from targeted growth areas and acquisitions offset declines in non-growth areas during the next three years. Specialty Property continues to generate solid results with the net operating income up slightly year-over-year. After adjusting for disclosed items however, first quarter income declined by $15 million versus 2013 as growth in lender-placed and other targeted areas was offset by higher loss ratios. The loss ratio increased by 700 basis points year-over-year, despite lower reportable catastrophe losses. This was driven by the harsh winter weather in a large part of the country as well as lower premium rates from the implementation of our new lender-placed product. Excluding disclosed items, our first quarter expense ratio increased by 80 basis points versus 2013. This was due to growth in fee-based businesses, which have higher expense ratios as well as additional service costs in our lender-placed insurance business. Net earned premium and fees increased by nearly 20% versus 2013, driven by continued growth in lender-placed insurance and multi-family housing. Lender-placed premiums benefited from the previously disclosed discontinuation of quota-share arrangement and loan portfolio additions in 2013. Consistent with prior years, gross written premiums decreased in the first quarter. As a reminder, seasonality and timing of loan portfolio transfers can cause quarterly fluctuations particularly when loans are flat canceled. Gross earned premiums which grew by 4% are a more meaningful measure of performance. Looking at our lender-placed growth drivers, we on boarded 300,000 new loans in the quarter with placement at renewal, bringing our total loans tracked to $35 million. The placement rate at the end of the quarter declined on both, the sequential and year-over-year basis to 2.74%. We noted on our fourth quarter earnings call that we were in discussions with the client regarding a possible transfer of loans to another carrier. Those discussions continue and we will provide more information when it becomes available. For 2014, we now expect Specialty Property's revenues to be approximately level with 2013. Continued growth in targeted areas, including fee income from our StreetLinks' acquisition will offset declines in lender-placed insurance. At Assurant Health, the first quarter net operating loss reflected the continued impact of healthcare reform. We increased our estimate of compensation expenses that are non-deductible under the Affordable Care Act, resulting in a $5.7 million addition to our income tax expense in the quarter. Pre-tax profits, which we believe are a better gauge of Health's underlying performance, totaled $7.6 million in the quarter compared with $14.5 million last year. The decline was due to higher loss experienced and higher first year commission expenses. Starting this year, insurance companies are required to pay a non-deductible annual health insurer fee to fund the public exchanges. The fee increased our reported expenses by $4.7 million in the quarter. Excluding commissions and the insurer fee, expenses continued to decline illustrating Health's ongoing discipline. Our loss ratio was 73.5% level with the fourth quarter, but up 90 basis points from the first quarter of 2013. The loss ratio reflects very early claims submissions under ACA policies, partially offset by an estimated contribution from the risk mitigation programs that went into effect this year. Based on our current assumptions, we expect program benefits to increase during the year, but our estimates may change materially as experience develops. We are encouraged by continued sales momentum and strong revenue growth at Health, while higher commissions on these new sales and the revised tax estimate will lead to a modest operating loss in 2014. We continue to expect improved profitability next year as we benefit from increased scale and ongoing expense discipline. At Employee Benefits, net operating income increased from $6.1 million in the first quarter of 2013, to $13.9 million, driven by favorable dental and life experience. Disability results were in line with expectations. They benefited from a 50-basis point increase in the discount rate on new long-term disability claim reserves, which added nearly $1 million to operating income. Results also included an additional $1.7 million of after-tax income from real estate partnerships. Employee Benefits like Health, is required to contribute towards the non-deductible ACA insurer fee. This fee added $1.4 million to first quarter expenses. Employee benefits remains focused on reducing expenses. First quarter results include a small severance charge to streamline operations. We expect additional expense management actions throughout the year as we work to reduce our expense ratio for the long-term. Turning to corporate matters, we retired our 2014 notes in February. This reduced our debt-to-capital ratio to about 21%, and will reduce after tax interest expense for the full year by approximately $12 million versus 2013. As we said at Investor Day, we expect to continue investing in profitable growth opportunities and return capital to shareholders. In the first quarter, buybacks and common stock dividends totaled $39 million. This level of activity reflected the seasonality of our cash flows and the anticipated acquisition of StreetLinks, which closed in April. In the second quarter through April 18th, we bought an additional $12 million worth of stock and remained committed to returning excess capital to shareholders over time. For the full year, we expect net operating company dividends to be roughly equal to segment earnings. As in prior years, dividends will be weighted toward the second half of the year. The first quarter Corporate segment operating loss was $21 million versus $13 million last year. Expenses accounted for about $1 million of the change; the rest was driven by the effective tax rate, which can vary substantially in the Corporate segment from quarter-to-quarter. For the full year, we expect the Corporate loss to be roughly $70 million as we benefit from lower benefit plan costs and other operating efficiencies. We're pleased with our start to 2014, and look forward to updating you as the year progresses. With that, we will ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now opened for questions. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Mark Finkelstein, Evercore.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore:  Good morning.
Rob Pollock: Good morning.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore:  Firstly just back to Solutions, just the $49 million plus of earnings this quarter, I think you framed it out as $1.4 million related to real estate JVs and additional $4 million related to some of these programs, but then you suggested mobile loss experience was very favorable. How favorable was this relative to your expectations. I'm trying to think about kind of ongoing earnings in that segment.
Rob Pollock: Well, I was going to say we have directed a lot of resources towards the mobile business and talked about there are a lots of different places we make money within the business. One of them is certainly on the hand protection insurance, but I would also say there are other sources of profit there, so I would not focus in that the handheld insurance is the majority of where we make the earnings necessarily, Mark, so it's good and we are pleased with that loss experience which will vary, but the other sources are big contributors as well. Mike?
Mike Peninger: Yes. I think that we just generally see seasonal fluctuations in the mobile loss experience, Mark, and it can be a variety of things. For example, new phones, new handsets introduced into the marketplace, sometimes in their early durations have worse experience then as manufacturing process matures and things like that, so. The things as we have seen bounce around a bit; we just wanted to note that they were really favorable in the first quarter.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore:  Above and beyond the two items you specifically talked about, there was favorable experience in the quarter that we should not kind of run rate. Is that a fair statement?
Mike Peninger: Yes. That's a fair statement. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore:  Okay. I guess, just thinking about Solutions' earnings, no change to, I mean, subtle change to the language, but still kept the 50 bogy at 2014. I mean, given the strength in this quarter, why not raise that a little?
Rob Pollock: Again, I think we are executing on our strategy within mobile. We've pointed out that their results were more favorable than we expected. We certainly, before we were to make a change, we would want to see several quarters (Inaudible).
Mike Peninger: Yes. I think there's also, we've got FX volatility that we sort of flagged that may continue and we've also got run-off of some of the existing Solutions businesses. For example, some terminated service contract clients. That is going to go down. Credit insurance, we have talked about before domestic credit being sort of a run-off business. Then you got going the other way, you have got some growing impact of expense saves from actions that we have taken there, so you've got a lot of things going on. We put them all together and say $50 million in the fourth quarter still seems like a reasonable place.
Rob Pollock: I think, we've also pointed out we think we can grow earnings at a 10% clip for the next several years.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore:  Okay. Then just thinking about subsidiary dividends being backend weighted, I mean, you're actually a net contributor to the subs this quarter. I guess how do we think about capital generation vis-à-vis M&A versus buybacks for the remainder of year and how does the pipeline in M&A look?
Mike Peninger: Yes. Again, I think our first quarter pattern is consistent with where we always are. We don't take a lot of dividends out of the business early in the year. I think, we have pointed out we think we can get the segment earnings out as dividends over the course of the year and we will do that. I think that we are also in the process of, we've got some organic growth, we want to make sure as we meet with the rating agencies we have got things properly funded to maintain our ratings with A.M. Best and I will let Chris just talk a little bit about the M&A pipeline and some other things.
Chris Pagano: Yes. Just maybe just one other comment around segment operating earnings versus dividends, so round numbers segment operating earnings this quarter were $150 million. We took about $25 million worth of dividends out of operating companies, did actually infuse back into about $35 million roughly, about $25 million of which went into help to support the organic growth that they are seeing there, but you can think about still having some operating earnings at the segments that are available for dividends later in the year. As Rob pointed out, again, if you think about what we did in the way of deploying capital this quarter, the cash flow needs of the holding company weren't influenced, but again look for that to normalize during the rest of the year. Now the other question is, segment dividends are a function of operating earnings which is also a function of cap season, so that will also play into our decision making around deployment. Now, on the M&A side we think about, you know, I think broadly about deploying capital and that includes organic growth, growth via M&A and then of course returning capital to shareholders, which we still think is share repurchase is the best use of any capital we want to go back. When I think about the last several years, in particular 2010 to 2012, share repurchase is really the only alternative. Last year, we saw profitable growth opportunities that provided a comfortable risk return profile that we purchased and you saw that in our activity. Now, we did also returned significant capital to shareholders and deployed $350 million in M&A, so I think this year we will look on a mix basis more like last year than certainly 2010 to 2012, but the order of magnitude of its deployment will be a function of earnings and our ability to get that earnings up to the holding company in the form of dividends.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore:  Just one last quick one. Should we be thinking about buybacks as more backend-weighted than historically?
Mike Peninger: Well, I think the deployment of capital will be consistent with the generation of operating company dividends, so to the extent that is backend-weighted, you could make that link. However, our goal is to be in the market consistently. If possible, also through cat season, but we are going to be conservative about how we do that and also a function of what the go-forward M&A pipeline looks like. We are matching up with the ins and outs and then also the mix related to what we see in the way of both, M&A growth and organic growth.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Giovanni of Goldman Sachs.
Rob Pollock: Morning, Chris.
Mike Peninger: Morning, Chris.
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. A few on Property and then one on M&A as well, I guess first on property. The change in the top line outlook from sort of a slight decrease to flat. Is that purely driven by the StreetLinks' acquisition or is there some change as well in the underlying kind of in-force business there?
Mike Peninger: No. You picked up on it. It's the StreetLinks' acquisition and other areas we have targeted for growth.
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Then I guess specific to New York, so last year's settlement requires you to price for kind of that 62% loss ratio and then re-file, I guess every three years unless a specific year's loss ratio falls below 40%, and I guess given the weather we saw in the region this quarter, curious if that really eliminates the risk of needing to re-file in 2015 and kind of keep showing that three-year path?
Rob Pollock: Well, I haven't looked at our experience by the state. I'm sure that some of the weather-related claims relate to the Northeast, but, we have a filing in with the department and we are in regular dialogues with them as we are with many other insurance departments.
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Then lastly just on M&A. You've really been focused as you talked about in two areas, the mobile space and then within the mortgage value chain, so I wanted to see if you could give some perspective around where you may be under appreciated the opportunities or some of the synergies you've seen in those two areas. Then also maybe on the other side, maybe where things are moving a bit slower than you would have liked?
Rob Pollock: Okay. Sure. On the acquisition side, I think, we are very pleased with the progress we have made on all the different deals. LSG was kind of a transformational deal for Europe and it also really fit into playing in the mobile space which we liked a lot, so we got both, a chance to resize our platform in Europe and get expense saves as well as invest in mobile, which we like a lot. Mike, you want to comment little on some of the things in the mortgage value chain?
Mike Peninger: Well, we liked the opportunities. Obviously, we really like Field Asset Services. We've essentially completed the integration of that. Early indications are right on track there. StreetLinks, we are very excited about. We got a strong platform there. It went through our M&A process, which Chris has talked about before. We feel like we paid a fair price for it. We think we got - I mean, all of our acquisitions and other important component is the quality of the management teams we are seeing and naturally we have really been happy with that, we feel really good about the pipeline and I think that we still see opportunities out there. Chris, I don't know if you want to amplify?
Chris Pagano: No. I guess, the only other point I would make is, the key and the importance of integration and execution and the focus by the individual segments and the teams within those segments around maximizing the synergies that were valued in the deal. Each of these deals in our process has a series of assumptions that the segments owned and obviously their goal is to outperform or do better than the assumption that we made which is what is going to allow us to deliver value on the M&A activity.
Rob Pollock: Right. Then last the Iké acquisition, we are please with that. That's a little bit different acquisition, because we've taken a position in the company that will report through on an equity method there, but we are quite excited about opportunities we are seeing there to expand across the region.
Chris Pagano: Okay. Great. If I could just sneak one last one in on Health. You have obviously shown a ton of sales momentum and scale. Certainly important there in terms of trying to reduce the tax burden, but wondering, if you could give us some thoughts on how we should be thinking about how long this type of quarterly volatility could last and if there is anything you guys could potentially look to do to help smooth some of the bottom line results?
Rob Pollock: Again, I think a good place to start on the Health side is, when the Affordable Care Act was passed and we evaluated what is the best course of action for shareholders. We embarked on a strategy built on those pillars of affordability and choice. We are quite pleased with the results that we are delivering in that arena combined with the great reduction in expenses we have been able to achieve as we have taken money out of our expense structure to be more competitive. The taxes are a bit of a complicated issue. As Mike mentioned, we are very focused on the pre-tax side of things and we know that if we can continue to grow pre-tax income, the tax volatility will reduce.
Mike Peninger: I think that's right. I do think though, Chris, the other reality is, that the impact of the risk mitigation programs is very new and we and all companies in the business are working with a world now that's quite a bit different than there was in the past and we are making estimates and in some cases based on very limited experience, and that will play out over the course of the year, so you can't sort of avoid that, but I really think, as Rob said, when we look at this we have got the focus on the pre-tax results, we've got the sales momentum. We think that our agents, distribution channel has resonated, consumers still want their agents, we still like the long-term value, the long-term potential of the market, but this sort of transition period is going to create a certain amount of volatility, I think almost regardless what we do.
Rob Pollock: Exactly, and that's why when we set up the strategy, we said 18 to 24 months after full implementation of ACA, we are going to have a good line of sight on things and we are getting closer to that.
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Appreciate the thoughts.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel of Sterne, Agee.
Mike Peninger: Good morning, John
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Good morning, everybody. A couple of questions for you in Solutions. Then maybe one, if we could sort of reconcile the holding company as sort of available capital, but if I look at Solutions, if I look at the balance sheet, your equity in Solutions increased pretty significantly versus year end. I think, it's up about $170 million. That's clearly more than the $49 million or $50 million of operating income in the quarter. I just was wondering if you could help us understand what drove that. Then also if you think about your $50 million of earnings targeted for 4Q that was anticipated to get, I guess, sort of around that 14% ROE. If equity doesn't come out of this business, it looks more like 12%, so can you sort of help us there?
Rob Pollock: Mike, do you want to take the?
Mike Peninger: Yes. Well, there is an actually lot of adjustments in Solutions. You got the earnings you pointed out too. We also paid the contingent payment to LSG when that was completed. Then it just takes a certain amount of time in our process to get. We have several shared entities and we get the allocations sort of to each of the businesses calibrated that this introduces a certain amount of noise and so you see some of that corporate sort of true-up action that went on and added to the equity this quarter.
Rob Pollock: When you look at the $50 million in the fourth quarter, I think about that as, if you look at our acquisitions, John, we have evaluated the acquisitions on a cash basis. We feel very good about how they will report through, but we have also pointed out that on GAAP because of the amortization of intangibles, we are not going to see the GAAP profits right away, so that’s what's causing a bit of that differential between the GAAP ROE and how we have evaluated the deal for the acquisition, which has been on a cash basis.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but should we expect that that $50 million of earnings by 4Q is not going to quite get us to the 14% ROE then?
Rob Pollock: Yes. We set up earnings as the metric for creation of long-term value, okay? I think if you go to what, and I'll let Chris comment, but I think he tried to explain how the deals are evaluated when we looked at them at Investor Day. Chris?
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Yes. No. I understood that. I get the cash IRR versus GAAP ROE emergence. I'm just trying to understand if we should expect the equity in this segment to come back down a little bit?
Rob Pollock: Think about amortization of those intangibles, and as they amortized, the equity will come down.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay.
Rob Pollock: Okay?
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay.
Mike Peninger: Certainly as we've always done, John, we are always looking to fine-tune that legal entity structure, and if there are opportunities, we are certainly not saying we will never be able to get any equity out or anything. We keep working that issue.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay. Then looking at StreetLinks, Novation reports a segment or has historically reported a segment that looks like it's entirely the StreetLinks business and it produced about $7 million of pre-tax income in 2013 and about $9 million of EBITDA, but the revenues did decline 20% in 2013 year-over-year, so I'm just wondering as you price this deal and you look at the next few years, what kind of trends are you expecting from that business and can we think about that $7 million of pre-tax income as comparable to what you are expecting the business to contribute as part of Assurant's?
Mike Peninger: Chris, you want to comment on it?
Chris Pagano: Sure. Let me just make a couple comments. I think, our view and the way we value the deal was that the market is going to trend lower in 2014, but then bottom. I think, the investment thesis is not about a growth in market, but growth in market share, where we expand our product offerings across the value chain. We also feel as like we can leverage that platform and some of the other platforms and generate operating efficiency, so really market share gain combined with improving operating margins is really where we think that this deal is going to add value.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay. Is that $7 million, is there any reason why you are GAAP financials would treat any other numbers any differently than they did?
Rob Pollock: Well, you will have intangibles on this one too, John. We will start to amortize.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay. All right. That's helpful. Then, if I could just, one more on Solutions, you have got this big unearned premium on the balance sheet. I think, my sense is that the pace at which you would earn that premium is probably accelerating given most of the growth in net unearned premium balance has probably been coming from mobile, but can you give us a sense for maybe how the pace of earning net premium may be shifting?
Rob Pollock: Yes. If you think about the components of the unearned premium, John, most of it actually comes from extended service contracts and vehicle service contracts.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay.
Rob Pollock: Extended service contracts, typically will start earning after the manufacturers' warranty expires, which can be anywhere from one to two years. On vehicle service contracts, particularly new ones, that's a little more extended and can be in the three-year range. That mix of business will vary.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay.
Rob Pollock: Mobile, really not a lot of UPR coming from mobile, because we tend to earn that monthly.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay. Understood. Thank you. Then just back to the holding company capital. I think if my numbers are right, you ended 2013 with about $440 million of capital excluding the pre-funded debt maturity and excluding your buffer?
Mike Peninger: Yes.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: That number looks like $290 million at 1Q, so $150 million reduction. I think, Chris mentioned $125 million of dividends, up during the quarter, so can you just sort of reconcile where all the cash went? I mean, I know the buybacks, I know the dividend, so what else was it's spent on?
Chris Pagano: Sorry, John. Let me reconcile. We are trying to solve for $150 million is what we are doing.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Okay.
Chris Pagano: If I misspoke earlier, it was $25 million.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Got it. Okay. $25 million of dividends?
Chris Pagano: Right.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Maybe that's the miscommunication here, but this is, again, in the first quarter and this has historically has been the pattern. The typically heavy cash outflow quarter for the operating company and this quarter was no exception. We paid an interest payment, which included the last payment of our Feb 14's, which is about $40 million. We had corporate cash outlays of about $60 million. We then deployed in dividends and share repurchase roughly $40 million and then in general the $10 million of net infusions into the operating companies was $25 million coming up from operating companies and then $35 million going back down, $25 million of which was in the Health segment to fund what has been a significant growth in that premiums.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Chris, just real quick. The $60 million of other corporate outlays as you mentioned, is that StreetLinks' or do we think about StreetLinks as coming out of the 290 in 2Q?
Chris Pagano: No. The StreetLinks, again, back to my comments earlier, we were aware that the StreetLinks' acquisition was pending. It did move out into Q2, so it is not part of the of the calculation. $60 million of corporate is really around some compensation expenses, some tax cash outflow which is the difference between cash and accrual that tends to come back over the course of the year, so again it's not something that I would suggest run rating by any means, because again this is just the seasonality of the operating company cash flow needs.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Got it. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weiss of Bank of America.
Mike Peninger: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America: Good morning. Thank you. Rob, you are talking about the complexity of the Health taxes. I think, the ongoing fixed tax liability from ACA has gone up from what your expectations were going into the year more than just that $5.7 million increased from the liability that hit this quarter. Can you just help us for modeling purposes to think about what that fixed tax liability is and how is that is impacting the overall tax rate?
Rob Pollock: Yes. It's about $20 million, Seth, plus the $6 million or so true-up that I mentioned in the first quarter, so 25, 26 for the year is sort of that we are talking about.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America: Okay. That $20 million seems to have gone up from last year, which I think was about $15 million. Just in terms of thinking about visibility of that I know it's a difficult question, but this seems to be the number one thing that's impacting the after-tax returns and what's your confidence on the long-term 15% to 20% ROE target in Health, given that uncertainty on tax? Do you think that this tax burden sort of fattens out at this point?
Rob Pollock: We do. Again, we think that the pre-tax is the better measure. We think that we are going to see an improvement in earnings next year on a pre-tax basis and that we will build towards those attractive returns we have talked about.
Mike Peninger: I think, each year you learn a little bit more. The methodology for estimating gets better and so we think we have got a reasonable estimate out there now, Seth. Things can change as we do M&A or something like that, but I think we are getting now - able to calibrate the impact of this.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America: Okay. Great. Thanks. If I could follow-up one on Solutions.
Mike Peninger: Sure.
Seth Weiss - Bank of America: In terms of maybe a little bit more color on the fee income and the client marketing programs that caused that spike in that $4 million number that you highlighted in your prepared remarks. Just to clarify that $4 million, is that above and beyond what you would normally expect or is that a total contribution? Maybe how do we think about these marketing programs going forward, which I assume are lumpy, but I would think would be somewhat ongoing in nature.
Mike Peninger: Yes. I think, you start with that mobile market. Very dynamic. Lots going on, and you can see the competition for subscribers that's going on amongst different carriers. You have got phone producers producing new phones, I think that the key on all that, Seth, it's just creating a very dynamic marketplace. We don't really have a tremendous amount of experience, and I think on exactly how these programs are going to work out, and we just want all investors to be aware that these are not going to be smooth. They are going to come and they will be a little bit lumpy and we will learn more as we move forward and see new devices introduced and see additional programs offered to consumers. What we feel good about is, we have been able to support our partners as these programs have rolled out and they have been successful. 
Seth Weiss - Bank of America: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean Dargan of Macquarie. 
Mike Peninger: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie: Good morning. Just going back to StreetLinks, would it make sense to frame in terms of EBITDA, what that business earned last year? 
Rob Pollock: Yes. I am guessing it made close to $10 million, $9.5 million last year. 
Sean Dargan - Macquarie: Okay. Just looking at the…
Rob Pollock: Sorry. I was is going to add now, important what Mike pointed or Chris is that number has been coming down over time as this market has been bottoming out.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie: Yes. I was going to say, I mean the MBA mortgage origination forecast is down 37% year-over-year this year. I mean, you would have to make up significant market share to earn that same level of EBITDA this year? 
Rob Pollock: Correct, and I think that's one. Remember, we are taking things we think we are quite good at and we think we can leverage and we think there's going to be consolidation in the industry. If you think about who the clients are for these services are people we are dealing with on a regular basis for other things and we think we are going to be able to leverage that successfully.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie: Okay. Given the guidance of flat revenues in Specialty Property, that doesn't assume the loss of a portfolio. Have you sized what that portfolio would mean in terms of earned premiums?
Mike Peninger: Well, we look at a lot of factors in providing our outlook, Sean, and we've got all the normal drivers and we make assumptions for portfolio activity, but these discussions are still ongoing so we really aren't in a position to size that now. As more information becomes available, we will certainly provide.
Rob Pollock: Yes. I would say again, looking at placement rate, that's going to be the biggest driver of our revenues. If you go back and look at our Investor Day, I think Gene tried to lay out what the path would look like for the normalization of those placement rates. 
Sean Dargan - Macquarie: Okay. Just one on solutions, I guess, is the bulk case around mobile that the carriers are not subsidizing phones to the degree, which they traditionally have and therefore subscribers would hold onto their handsets for a longer period of time and be more inclined to purchase the insurance?
Mike Peninger: You know, to me the bulk case is more connected everybody. Right? More dependence on devices for that whole interconnected world, so I think that there's just going to be a lot of dynamism in this market and we feel very good that we can bring more solutions than just insurance to our partners.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Good morning, everybody.
Mike Peninger: Hi, Steven.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Just on StreetLinks and following up on John's question, the StreetLinks had total assets of about $13 million at year-end. I mean, is the way to think about this is that the difference between the price we are paying 60 and 13, that's going to amortized over time into earnings?
Rob Pollock: Not of all it, because you will have a portion that's intangibles which get amortized over time and a portion is goodwill, which doesn't get amortized.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: All right, so [actually] have goodwill. Okay. Then just I don't know if Adam was there or not. I don't remember if you said so, but as we move - Well, two questions, I guess one is lapsation was obviously very, very high associated with the very, very high sales in Obamacare and what have you, membership increased. It actually didn't increase a whole bunch. How should we think about membership increasing in the first quarter or when you report next time?
Mike Peninger: Yes. Well, there's several things going on. Lapse activity was up in the first quarter. Now that we are past open enrollment, I would make a couple of points. One is, some of our sales haven't sort of been processed through and added into our in-force total, so we would expect to see some of that coming through in the second quarter. It could also have some amount of lapse activity that would go the other way too, but that sales growth is going through there. Now that open enrollment is out, the activities really going to slow down. We are going to get sales, we expect to get sales, but they will be driven around life events, lapse activities would sort of stabilize, so I think you should see less sort of volatility going forward.
Rob Pollock: Yes. I think that what's changed is the paradigm of when people buy. It used to be [uniform] over the course of the year. It's now going to be heavily weighted toward the open enrollment periods.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Sure.
Rob Pollock: When we think about, when people lapse, remember, our number one source of lapse is people going back to work. Okay?
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay.
Rob Pollock: That was in the old model. In new model, it's been changed to being around when they buy during the open enrollment periods.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Yes. I had a couple of more if I could. I understand that the risk mitigation adjustment, the assumptions has benefited your earnings in the quarter, which would seem to be you imply that you think that your book of business is somewhat more risky than the market. Why would that be?
Rob Pollock: Well, I think a little different. Remember, the basis of a lot of the risk mitigation is everyone pays in to deal with the people who are going to be buying individual health insurance. Not just the individual health players, but everybody is making a contribution there. Since we are only in the individual health market, we are going to be a recipient of some of those dollars through these programs. Okay?
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay.
Rob Pollock: So, I don't think it's a matter. I think the pool of all of individual health is, it's recognize, because of the rules that have been put in place going to be different and a little riskier here, no underwriting, all the ads benefits, all these things and they have asked everybody to make a contribution to that all the health insurers.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. It's not that you are riskier than other individual health insurers. It's just that individual health insurance is going to be riskier than group?
Rob Pollock: Correct.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. 
Mike Peninger: You talk about the three Rs, the risk mitigation, you know one of them doesn't apply to us, the risk orders, because we haven't been selling on the exchanges, so when you think about the reinsurance program that's really you are estimating. That has nothing to do with the riskiness of your block. That's really just estimating how many of your claims are likely to be reaching the reinsurance threshold and that's the larger impact for us compared to the risk adjuster that you are sort of talking about, Steven. For both of these programs, they are new and there's a lot of assumptions and experiences really early as I have said in my prepared remarks. We are just going to see this play out and we will be able to give you a much better feel for this stuff as the year goes on.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. Then just one more on Health, clearly sales will decline now that the enrollment period is over. Life events will come into play obviously, but there's also the potential to continue to sell the excess Health plans that you have. I know you've talked about for years in preparation for ACA. Rob, what’s the outlook there?
Rob Pollock: Well, again, we believe that there is a great need for the other type of products around affordability. We are optimistic, because some pick up little in the first quarter and we have sold a lot of supplemental products along with our major medical, so we are going to see that play out just like Mike said on risk mitigation, hey, let's get a couple quarters and we will be able to provide some actual information as opposed to what we have assumed.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: All right. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next and final question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Mike Peninger: Hi. Mark.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Good morning. The impact on the loss ratio in Specialty Property, you said whether also the change in the plan design a little lower premier. Did you make a stab at how much was weather? I know you gave us the catastrophe number.
Mike Peninger: Yes. Weather was definitely the primary driver, Mark. There is a lot of the winter frozen pipes, those kinds of things that went along with the really cold weather across a lot of the country.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Okay. Good. Thank you.
Rob Pollock: Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on key milestones in the months ahead. Please reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with any additional questions.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Investment Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and President of Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Sean Dargan – Macquarie Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc. Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Seth Weiss – Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following management's prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions).  It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi :  Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon we issued a news release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. Both the release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike, with Chris participating in the Q&A session. Some of the statements we make on today's call may be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release, as well as in our SEC reports including our 2012 Form 10-K and first quarter 2013 10-Q. Today's call will also contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted on assurant.com. Now I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Robert B. Pollock:  Thanks Francesca and good morning everyone. We are pleased by our progress in 2013. We took actions on several fronts to diversify and grow earnings for the long term. We strengthened our core specialty businesses as we applied consumer insights to meet customers' needs, accelerated growth in targeted areas and realigned our resources to focus on the best emerging opportunities.  As we look at Assurant's performance we measure our progress with three key financial metrics. Operating return on equity, excluding AOCI was 10.6% for the year. Book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI increased 10.4% in 2013, our third quarter consecutive year of double-digit growth. And revenue, defined as net earned premiums and fees grew by 8.2% for the year, driven by Specialty Property and solutions. Fee income increased by 23% with much of the growth coming from businesses with lower capital requirements. During the year our businesses generated strong free-cash flow enabling us to return $470 million to shareholders, deploy $360 million in strategic transactions to diversify our specialty portfolio and at the same time maintain financial flexibility to invest capital in a disciplined manner to benefit shareholders. Our 2013 acquisitions illustrate several themes, which we believe are important for successful M&A. These include proprietary sourcing of opportunities in areas we targeted for expansion, identifying business that allow us to add value by leveraging our core capabilities and focusing on cash returns.  Now I'll provide updates for each of our business segments. Assurant Solutions remained committed to improving net operating income with a focus on delivering $50 million in the fourth quarter earnings this year. We shifted resources away from non-growth areas to support opportunities in mobile and expand our market share in Latin America and Europe.  We took actions in other areas of the business to improve efficiency and reduce expenses. In mobile we're pleased with several recently launched programs that allow us to introduce innovative consumer solutions and boost our franchise.  As of year-end we supported more than 15 million mobile devices through our global protection programs. The acquisition of Lifestyle Services Group or LSG transforms our European business into a mobile platform that we will build upon. Integration is progressing ahead of schedule as we consolidate our European operations and management structures.  Last year we grew our operations in Latin America by leveraging our expertise in the mobile, auto and service contract markets. Our recent investment in Iké enables us to build on this success. We expect the customer base created by this partnership to provide a platform to cross-sell our complementary products and assistance services to increase revenues in Latin America.  During 2013 solutions reduced expenses in nine growth areas including our domestic credit business and parts of our service contract portfolio in response to market changes. These actions will help solutions achieve their 2014 goals and continue to increase earnings in the future.  I'll now move to Assurant Specialty Property. 2013 was a year of industry-wide change with significant movement in consolidation of loan portfolios. We benefited from these shifts and continue to play an important role in support of our clients as they met servicing requirements.  Without significant hurricane activity Specialty Property reported solid results in 2013. Loan growth and reduced ceded premiums were key drivers in lender-placed. Our continued expansion in the multi-family housing and property preservation niches also contributed to our revenue growth.  Multi-family housing is a business we built organically and then strengthened in 2011 with assured deposit acquisition. During the past five years we've increased multi-family housing revenues by an average of 31% per year to more than $190 million in 2013. We believe we can continue to grow this business at a double-digit pace by expanding our service offerings and adding new clients.  As we broaden our role within the mortgage value chain we can further leverage our capabilities and client relationships. The acquisition of Field Asset Services or FAS is a good example. This fee income business further diversifies Specialty Property's revenue stream. By providing inspections and repairs we're helping clients preserve the value of the homes in their portfolios. As these actions demonstrate we’re taking steps to strengthen and diversify our property business to maintain attractive returns and help offset expected declines in lender price premiums.  Let’s now turn to Assurant Health. During 2013, Health responded quickly to consumer needs with a broad and appealing set of products. This demonstrated agility and was affirmed by our fourth quarter sales of $319 million, the best sales quarter in our history. Sales were driven by significant activity prompted by the first open enrollment period under the Affordable Care Act or ACA.  Early in 2013 we decided to defer our participation on the public exchanges. Instead we focused on helping customers and agents understand how the changes would affect them and providing options to meet their individual needs. This turned out to be the right decision. We believe we captured market share due to our diverse product offerings, robust systems and broad distribution channels. Individual major medical products which include the essential health benefits outlined in the ACA were a significant driver of fourth quarter sales. We’re proud of these results which underscore the importance of individual major medical as a core specialty business for health. Longer term, we also believe many consumers will seek affordable alternatives to major medical, products we also provide.  In 2014, we expect growth in premiums and insured lives, yet as expected profits will continue to be modest this year. We believe more attractive returns for shareholders will emerge in 2015 after reform changes are fully implemented. We also expect the risk mitigation mechanisms under the ACA will provide important downside protection in the new guaranteed issue environment.  At Assurant Employee Benefits we remain focused on growing our voluntary products and services as we shift resources away from traditional employer paid insurance. Clients and customers cite the ease of enrollment in the administration, our broad products suite and expensive demo network as key differentiators. For the year, voluntary sales and net earned premiums were up 25% and 7% respectively.  Looking ahead, we are adapting our demo product to provide customers multiple options that fit their needs under the ACA. We recently joined the new [Be Swift] private exchange. We expect to expand participation on private exchanges in 2014 and are focused on select partners that value our differentiated approach to voluntary.  This week we marked our 10th anniversary as a publicly traded company. We’re proud of all we’ve accomplished during the past decade and are encouraged by the possibilities of the years ahead. We look forward on our upcoming investor day on March 11 when our executive team will share more about long term strategy and objectives with you. And with that I will turn to Mike for more detailed comments on our fourth quarter 2013 results and the outlook for a year ahead.
Michael J. Peninger : Thanks, Rob. I'll begin with Solutions. Net operating income for the fourth quarter reflected $12.8 million of restructuring charges as we integrated our LSG acquisition in Europe and streamlined other operations. Excluding disclosed items net operating income totaled $32.6 million compared to $27.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. More favorable service contract results and previous expense management actions drove the improvement. For the fourth quarter, Solutions net earned premiums and fees increased by 18%, driven primarily by domestic auto and mobile service contracts and growth in Latin America. Fee income increased by 46% reflecting the market success of the mobile program’s launch last year as well as contributions from LSG. Excluding disclosed items our international combined ratio for the quarter was 101.9%, an increase of 70 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2012.  For the full year it improved 90 basis points to 101.5% driven by expense reductions in Europe partially offset by about $8 million of M&A fees recorded in the second half of the year. Absent restructuring charges our domestic combined ratio for the fourth quarter also improved. This reflected expense efficiencies and more favorable service contract results, including mobile.  Last November we implemented underwriting changes at a domestic mobile client to mitigate high third quarter loss experience. These corrective actions improved our experience in the quarter and will be fully reflected in our first quarter financials. We continue to be excited about our partnership with T-Mobile. Their JUMP! program created significant subscriber growth during the last half of 2013. Beginning in late January the first JUMP! customers became eligible to upgrade their devices. Initial experience is in-line with our expectations but it's still early. Under this program we earn fee incoming expense credits for administering the protection program and the JUMP! upgrade. In 2014 we expect continued growth in Latin America. Despite recent economic volatility there we believe the region offers attractive market characteristics. Our recent investments in Iké allows us to further expand and diversify our footprint across Latin America. We are on track to close the second phase of this initial investment soon.  As minority owners we will report result from the Iké investment using equity method accounting. This means that our share of the company's earnings will be reported as part of fees and other income in our income statement and our net equity in Iké will be included in the other asset category on the balance sheet.  Overall we expect Solutions' profitability to improve during the second half of 2014 leading to $50 million of net operating income in the fourth quarter. The increase will be driven primarily by better margins from mobile as we scale our new programs and improve the European results as we move forward with LSG. Our European restructuring in conjunction with expense reduction in other non-growth areas will produce $20 million to $25 million of annualized pretax expense savings.  At Specialty Property fourth quarter results benefited from no reportable catastrophes compared with the $135 million of losses from super storm Sandy in the fourth quarter of 2012. Excluding catastrophe losses net operating income declined due to higher non-cat loss experience and additional operating expenses.  Our non-catastrophe loss ratio for the quarter increased 660 basis points compared to fourth quarter 2012's very favorable levels driven by higher claims and lower premium rates. Our fourth quarter expense ratio increase by 830 basis points versus 2012 due to volume growth in our lender-placed business, new services we performed for our clients and higher legal and regulatory expenses including litigation reserves. We continue to make progress in resolving outstanding matters related to lender-placed insurance.  Fourth quarter result include our Field Asset Services acquisition. Since this is a fee income business it has a different expense ratio target than our insurance businesses. For the quarter it increased Specialty Property's expense ratio by 230 basis points or $25 million of expenses which was nearly offset by fee income. We are pleased with the sales pipeline for the business and we expect it to be modestly profitable in 2014 after amortization of intangible assets and integration related costs.  Our placement rate at the end of the quarter was 2.77%, a 10 basis points reduction from year-end 2012 reflecting the improving state of the overall housing market. This was partially offset by contributions from recently added loan portfolios including 200,000 loans on-boarded in the fourth quarter.  Our new lender-placed product is now available in 44 states most recently in Florida. We are working with insurance departments in the remaining states to complete the roll-out later this year. At the federal level the new FHFA mortgage servicer guidelines which eliminate commissions and client quota-share arrangements on GSE loans go into effect on June 1. Our new product can support this and already has been implemented with many of our clients.  For 2014 we expect Specialty Property's revenues to decline slightly from record 2013 levels reflecting lower premium rates and reductions in placement rates as seriously delinquent loans are resolved. Revenue will also be affected by the overall number of loans tracked. In 2013 we benefited from several significant loan portfolio transfers. As the mortgage servicing market continues to evolve we expect additional transfer activity in 2014.  One of our clients has informed us that they move some of their loans to another carrier. A possible transition is being discussed and we will provide more information when it becomes available.  Our expense ratio is expected to increase in 2014, largely driven by the fee-based businesses acquired last year as well as cost to support lender-placed servicing requirements and reductions in lender-placed premiums.  As we previously discussed, Specialty Property launched a broad multi-year initiative in 2013 to standardize our lender-placed platform, enhance our service while lowering our operating cost. These initiatives along with continued growth in our targeted areas will support attractive returns for the business over the long turn. At Assurant Health, fourth quarter net operating income was in-line with our expectations and reflected an elevated tax rate in a previously announced $3 million after-tax severance charge. Excluding this charge pretax earnings increased by approximately $8 million year-over-year. The improvement was driven by increased revenue partially offset by higher commission expenses and new sales of individual major medical policies.  In addition, fourth quarter 2012 results were reduced by an adjustment to our premium rebate accrual. As a reminder house commissions reflect a blend of higher first rates and lower renewal rates. A higher proportion of first year policies will lead to increased commission expenses.  General expenses, excluding commissions continued to decline benefiting from ongoing expense management efforts. Revenues grew 7% year-over-year to $417 million driven by prior sales of affordable choice supplemental and small group products. While we expect our recent strong sales to generate solid revenue growth in 2014 profitability will continue to be affected by the higher first year commission expenses.  Our tax rate will remain elevated due to the non-deductibility of certain expenses under the Affordable Care Act. At employee benefits net operating income declined by $6.3 million to $10.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. This reflected weaker year-over-year disability results although they did improve sequentially from the third quarter. Experience across all other product lines ran as expected. Net earned premiums and fees increased by 2% from the fourth quarter of 2012.  Growth in voluntary was offset by premium declines in our employer paid business. Sales were strong in the quarter and for the full year. More than half of total sales were voluntary products including dental. We expect sales momentum in voluntary will lead to premium growth in 2014, though overall earnings will continue to be affected by low interest rate environment and employment trends. Employee benefits is focusing on improving profitability long turn. Fourth quarter include a $1.4 million after-tax severance charge, which should produce approximately $3 million of pretax savings in 2014. Other actions to improve efficiencies are underway.  Turning to corporate, we ended the quarter with $440 million of deployable capital at the holding company in addition to our $250 million risk buffer and $467 million set aside to repay our 2014 notes which mature next week. During the fourth quarter, we paid a $115 million for our investment in Iké and we also returned $111 million to shareholders through buybacks and stock dividends.  Operating company dividends for the year exceeded segment operating income. Based on our current assessment we expect that 2014 operating company dividends will roughly equal segment earnings. Additional capital needs through growth in some line of business should be offset by capital releases and others including lender placed. As in prior years, dividends will be weighted throughout the second half of the year. We will continue to focus in ways to make more efficient use of our capital while meeting regulatory and rating agency targets. The fourth quarter corporate segment operating loss was higher than expected at $25 billion, driven by additional employee-related costs and approximately $3 million of third-party M&A fees. For 2014 we expect the corporate operating loss to be about $70 million, a 15% decrease versus 2013 due to reduced benefit plan costs and other expense reductions. We're pleased with our progress in 2013 and are hard at work on the additional steps necessary to support profitable growth in 2014 and beyond. And with that we'll ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Thank you and our first question comes from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open. 
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning Mark.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning. In the case the lock up loans that you described that you are in discussion that may move elsewhere, can you talk about the rationale for that kind of move; do the new FHFA rules lead to perhaps more movement in loans once those are fully implemented?
Robert B. Pollock: Well we're still in discussions on all of this and we'll let you know as the discussions evolve. But we just wanted to put you on notice that we have this information. We thought it was important that we provide that to you but we don't really any more specifics Mark. 
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: When you look at the 2014 full year outlook for specialty property, looking at your mix of business and the rate changes on a state by state basis how much of the headwind is rate in 2014 and then perhaps again in 2015, as you see it now?
Michael J. Peninger: Sure Mark our rates have been going down with the new product and we implemented some of that in 2013. Now in Florida we've announced that 10% drop effective 1st of this year. And remember the way these things work is we roll out over the course of the year. So it takes a while for the full impact to be reflected.  So I think the rates will continue to put those through. In some case we've also had reductions in commissions under the new regs that's also being passed through. And then the other factors that drive Specialty Property's revenue are the number of loans which reflect transfers and things like that. 
Robert B. Pollock: And the other one is of course placement rates on the placement rate side down a little this year I think that we mentioned in the past Mark that our legacy portfolio, the placement rates been dropping even little more and we benefited from portfolios coming in that at higher placement rates. So those are all factors that are working into the ASP outlook. 
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Schuman from KBW. Your line is open.
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning Jeff.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Good morning. I just want to follow on Mark's question. I guess there was sort of I heard in the answer to the question about what we should expect in terms of rate changes, kind of national I guess we have some visibility obviously in Florida in California I think we lack visibility may be what's going to happen in other states. Can you give us a little perspective on that please?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure I think that you can think about it as Mike pointed out a couple of different ways ultimate effect is probably 18 months out from introduction in the state we have some states that are fully in there. Others Florida we've just introduced full effect in 2015. But if you put it altogether I would say it's probably a low double-digit impact in 2014 from the rates correct down. 
Michael J. Peninger: And then you've got the other factors we talked about earlier ago. 
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay. So low double-digit in 2014 and then some additional impacted 2015 this could be things take a while to work?
Robert B. Pollock: Correct. 
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess he probably asked about specific quarter but can you give us any sort of quantification around the placement rate on the legacy business and how that's trending? 
Robert B. Pollock: Yeah I don’t think we have specific numbers for you there Jeff but the legacy portfolio we are seeing drops in the placement rates. And those sort of continue to trend down. As we've discussed our overall placement rate has been increased by the new portfolios that we transferred in over the course of 2013 which had a bit higher rates. But that legacy trend is down but that legacy trend is down.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from Sean Dargan from Macquarie. 
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning, Sean.
Sean Dargan – Macquarie:  Good morning. Just taking the bit on and running with it maybe I can ask you it a different way. When I look at the spread of exposure by region it seems that some of the portfolios you brought on you have increased your north eastern coastal exposure which tends to line up with judicial foreclosure states where there’s still a backlog and specifically New Jersey, New York and Connecticut. Am I right to think that some of the portfolios you have brought on have increased your exposure to those states and that’s kept your average placement rates somewhat elevated?
Robert B. Pollock: That’s correct. For those changes judicial state is a driver.
Sean Dargan – Macquarie:  Okay and I mean we should think as those judicial states work through their backlogs that will perhaps drive an average lower placement rate?
Robert B. Pollock: That’s correct. 
Sean Dargan – Macquarie: Okay, thanks. I just wanted make sure I was thinking about that right way. Thank you.
Robert B. Pollock: No, you’ve got it.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mark Finkelstein from Evercore. Your line is open.
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning, Mark.
Michael J. Peninger: Hey, Mark.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc.:  Good morning. Where do we start? Actually I will start with a follow up to the answer given on Jeff’s question. When you talk about low double digit that’s kind of a way thinking about the rate declines in ’14 is that gross or net of commission changes?
Michael J. Peninger: Yeah that’s all in.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc.: So the low double digit would be a rate, but you also get some offsets from commissions so kind of the true rate decrease would maybe not be quite a low double digit, is that the way to think about that?
Michael J. Peninger: I am not sure quite what you are driving at but I think if you look at the gross change it’s going to be a lower double digit number.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc.: Right but I am saying but you should get some offset by not paying commissions?
Michael J. Peninger: That is true. You know again, remember there is all these factors that are in motion. It will depend. We’ve introduced things like geographic rating. So it will be a function of where the properties are placed, will have an impact but we know commissions are coming down.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc.:  Okay. Moving onto medical, obviously huge sales quarter with ACA, how does the underlying risk that you have received kind of compared to what you assumed you know in your filed rates, is it better or is it in line or is it worse, you are getting adverse selection? Just can you walk through the underlying risk pool of what you got in?
Michael J. Peninger: Sure. So, you know I think the first thing in our sales is to realize we have policies with fourth quarter effective dates which don't fall under the Affordable Care Act. They’re you know prior to that. And you might look at that as people who wanted to buy policies and have a period of time before the ACA provisions were going to take effect. But we have quite a bit of business that came in with 1/1 and later effective dates that fall right into that category.  And you know just a couple comments I would make when we established our strategy in health it was focused on affordability and choice. A lot of people have felt that in the ACA environment our metallic plan is a metallic plan. We happen to offer a number of different say advanced plans that will appeal differently to different consumer groups and so we think that choice is still an important component.  I think when you look at who has come in our results are similar to a lot of things you have heard in the press little bit older than we expected, so demographic is a consideration, the other one is the morbidity characteristics of the pool. Little early to know what that looks like yet. We can’t say that it’s a little bit older than we expected but manageable. I mean it’s not a huge deviation from what we expected. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay and in your opening remarks Rob you talked about '15 and reform changes that should help improve the profitability of the block as you look at ’15. Can you walk through what those changes are and how it should affect the ’15 profitability of the health business?
Robert B. Pollock: Yeah, you know I will let Mike comment here as well but one of the big ones he mentioned which is first historically we've had higher first year commissions and we've had because of underwriting we've done, we've had better morbidity in first year business.  We don't do any decking of those commissions and aren't going to but you can think about in the new pool we're not going to have necessarily better morbidity which may mean that first year experience is not going to be quite as good. But then we talked about all the different mechanisms going on for risk mitigation and they tend to come in overtime a little bit. And then I think last just in our overall results as we get bigger and Mike mentioned we took some expenses out, we are gaining scale and leveraging the business that will grow over time. So it's really a combination of all those different things.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. And then just one last question if I may which is should we expect first quarter sales to look a lot like fourth quarter in terms of a lot of ACA type metallic type plans or did you really see the activity in the fourth quarter?
Robert B. Pollock: So I can say two things I think the ACA is going to change the distribution of sales within that and it will be heavily fourth and first quarter oriented. But live events, which are GLF and employer and they need coverage somewhere else those are going to go on across the whole year and that's an important contributor to our sales activity.  I think the real unknown and we'll know a little bit more about this at the end of the first quarter is are we going to see more people who struggle with the affordability issues turning to alternative products. 
Michael J. Peninger: The sales activity in the fourth quarter was heavily influenced by this, get it done before the end of the year kind of Mark, obviously that's not going to recur in the first quarter. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Giovanni from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning Chris.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Good morning, thanks so much. I guess first question in terms of the loans, in the past when you have on-boarded some loans you've given us some indication about the placement rates on those may be being above or below kind of the existing placement rate. So wondering if you could give us some indication on the loans that you could potentially lose here where they are relative to the current placement rate?
Robert B. Pollock: Yeah really we're in discussions on all those Chris and we don't really have any covered offer. When it's available we're obviously going to provide it. 
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then I guess on solutions you have this $15 million target out for 4Q could you potentially give us may be a breakdown of how that's carved out relative to kind of U.S. versus may be some of the other developed markets like LATAM, Europe, Canada? 
Robert B. Pollock: Well the drivers Chris were solutions lift in earnings this year, there are several areas that we're looking at. The growth in our mobile business and expect -- expands our profit margins there. So we've obviously got the LSG acquisition in Europe, that's going to be a help there but we expect overall solid growth and contributions from mobile. Then Europe is going to be a big focus as we integrate that region. We had some obviously expenses, severance charges that we took in the fourth quarter. So we really expect disproportionate improvement in Europe and then just the overall expense management we've got reducing expenses in non-growth areas. So we've got mobile, we've got the Europe integration and expense management being kind of the three drivers. And then if I look a little bit beyond 2014 our acquisitions of EK and LSG will help to drive earnings going forward they are not going to contribute much in 2014 to earnings because of amortization of intangibles and integration costs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then Rob obviously Argentina is one of your more developed markets and that country's certainly been focus here with the emerging market concerns. And I guess probably way too early to think about any impact that this is having on your business but could you give us some update. I know you talked back '08 at the Solutions day fair amount of that Argentina but if things were to maybe go down the wrong path there, I mean how should we think about potential risks that could have for your business there, if any?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. So let's start with Latin America, we've been there one time. We've been through cycles before there and we like Latin America because of the market characteristics that it offers. We've got a broad footprint, we're in more than just Argentina, we're in a number of countries down there and if we look internationally we are even in a broader footprint.  So I guess when I look at Argentina the great thing is we are not -- the business generates all the capital it needs itself, we're not putting more money in there. We've had very strong results there overtime but as part of our overall portfolio it's a small component of overall international. Chris maybe you want to comment a little bit on how we look at some things when we size up Latin America. 
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, I guess the other point I'd just make around capital deployments and the required hurdle rates for investments in countries outside of the U.S. is we do factor in country risk and currency risk when we set target hurdle rates.  The other point I'd make with respect to Argentina is in our capital forecast and again operating earnings and dividends coming up to the home and company we are not forecasting operating earnings out of Argentina to come back into the U.S. So we are factoring in all of these relative exposures. 
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then Chris I guess just last on capital management broadly. Just updated thoughts around kind of what you are thinking obviously '13 was active in terms of M&A as-well-as buybacks I mean should we expect kind of a similar story in 2014?
Christopher J. Pagano:  Yeah I think the issue for us the outlook forward is going to be about flexibility and maintaining our discipline. Again the flexibility coming from operating earnings and our ability to get those earnings up to the holding company as dividends. We still -- we think this year although it's early and we will continue to update you. We do expect to get aggregate operating earnings to the holding company in form of dividends. We do think the stock is attractive and a prudent use of deployable capital. But we also think the combination of profitable growth opportunities either organically or through M&A and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchase is going to be the combination that will produce the greatest long-term value. 
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Schwartz from Raymond James. 
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning Steven. 
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning everybody. I want to hit back to health if I could and follow-up some of Mark's questions. The sales I think Rob as you noted and I think it was you who noted it that, maybe it was Mike, lot of the sales for this quarter were renew me now. So later in 2014 I don't get stuck with Obamacare and having to pay more and maybe not getting the policy that I wanted and I gather this is prevalent particularly in the red states.  Now do I understand it correctly when you talk about sales, if I were to buy a policy in July of any year, a 12 month policy from you and then 12 months later I renew the policy that's a sale you mean there are two sales there? 
Robert B. Pollock: No. So you should think about sales as a first time buyer or someone who left us and came back but there has been a period where they have not been insured by us. 
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. This is important. So that's also true of somebody who came to you and said, so if somebody already had your policy and then renewed that's not a sale?
Robert B. Pollock: Correct. 
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: But if somebody did have your policy, wanted to get your policy before January 1 and did, that's a sale?
Robert B. Pollock: Correct. 
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Now here is something I don't understand, so you have got these large, huge amounts of sales?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. 
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: But the membership it grew but it grew like it always did. How come the membership doesn't grow faster? 
Robert B. Pollock: Yeah. That's a good question. And the answer is the way we count membership is business that is in effect as of the year-end. So we've got a lot of first quarter sales that are not reflected in the membership. So you will see they show up the next quarter we report, Steven. 
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. All right. Good. And then, okay, so moving on from that, just you talked about private exchanges with regards to employee benefits, is -- you always done individual but kind of the private exchanges that are developing for large cases. I don't know does your product does your IMM product work on that or not really? 
Robert B. Pollock: Again private exchanges I would say are kind of in their infancy of development and we are evaluating both on the benefit side and within our health business. I would point out that we decided to not go on the public exchanges, but I would tell you during the quarter a lot of people actually bought directly from us by coming to our website or they came to our website and then will tackle to one of our own counselors to help them sale.  So how the private exchange market is going to evolve is still unknown. I would expect modest activity but we want to get our feet in the water and understand how that market is going to develop.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then one more if I may. You are talking about 2015 risk quarters whatever, I was not aware you don't participate on the public exchanges now but you still benefit from the risk payments that the government may give if your risk doesn't look like what it's supposed to look like?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes we do, Steve there is one, there is three I think main risk transfer mechanisms. One of them was only for the -- if you are selling on the exchanges so we wouldn't participate in that. But the other two we would, because the impact of that depends on sort of the demographics of our insured population compared to the industry. So it's going to take some time until we get a bead on how we line up with that.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then quick last one, what's the rate on the notes that are going to be called?
Robert B. Pollock: The Feb ' 14 maturity or the 5.625 coupon. 
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah, the 5.625.
Robert B. Pollock: The way you can think about it is the debt capacity or the expense load associated with the debt prior to our issue in March of last year was roughly $60 million pretax. The new structure which includes $200 million more of debt will be roughly $55 million pretax. So again the flexibility we had last year, opportunistic debt raise produce some good expense numbers going forward.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from John Nadel from Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning John.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Hey good morning. I have a couple of questions on Specialty Property. You guys have done a good job sort of giving us the foreshadowing about the idea that expense levels would increase. You had some additional expenses around onboarding your loans, adding to your call center some regulatory issues that sort of thing. I am just curious in 4Qs expense load for Specialty Property you add that new run rate or do you have still more to do?
Robert B. Pollock: I think we have added a lot of people to the service centers John. So I would say we are probably above or at the levels that we need there. I think there is still I think some ramping up of activity, but I'd say we are getting close to what should be a run rate on sort of activity for loan.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. And then sorry go ahead.
Robert B. Pollock: Now I am just going to say that Gene and his team will now sit down and look at all of our different work flows and obviously we're going to look to find ways to improve our expense structure. 
Michael J. Peninger: And the sum of those things that Rob alludes to involves systems work and things like that too that takes some period of time. So I think the goal is to automate many of these things that we've had to deal with by adding lots of people. That's why we alluded to this being sort of a multi-year initiative. 
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Got it. Okay. The second question and maybe it's more for Chris, you guys obviously buy reinsurance at different points in the year, that's what you've been doing for last couple of years. No secret that catastrophe or property catastrophes reinsurance cost are coming down and coming down dramatically. I am just wondering if you could give us a sense for what your approach is going to be for this year.  I think if you -- your exposures have probably changed a bit certainly on a year-over-year basis. But I am just wondering do you let some of those savings from lower reinsurance cost drop to the bottom line or are you just going to essentially layer on more protection and have about the same spend, just want to get a sense for how you are going to think about that?
Christopher J. Pagano: Well I think you know obviously the absence of any significant cats in 2013 and equally importantly additional capacity from the capital markets has produced some very favorable reinsurance pricing conditions. You know we’re looking at ballpark roughly 15% drop on a risk adjusted basis and I think we’re going to and we’ve already placed a portion of the program, we’ve got some cat bonds in place that are multiyear and some other multiyear and then we’ll go back into the market in June as we’ve done for the last several years.  I think where we’re seeing some additional flexibility is some willingness to provide multiyear coverage on an indemnity basis and then some flexibility around reinstatement premium. So those are the main factors what we’re seeing is the byproduct of the additional capacity in the reinsurance market and we’re going to factor all that in and we’ll update you when we finish the placement in June. 
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Well I guess I am just trying to understand there are so many moving parts when you think about the idea of net earned premium for specialty property overall being maybe slightly down, flat, slightly up. It’s -- I appreciate a lot of this different color but I think the reinsurance cost could easily be part of that as well, right? I mean if you guys just wanted to grow premiums your net earned premiums you could.
Robert B. Pollock:  I mean again there’s lots of choices. What I think about is I have to do is think back to when RMS11 was there and everyone was projecting costs would go up. I think our fundamental belief is at some point in time the market will harden, when there are some events and we’re trying to get multiyear coverage, so that we’re protected with favorable rates John.
Christopher J. Pagano: I'd say we always start with obviously the risk protection John and then once we’re comfortable with that then that’s where you can play at the margin with the trade-offs and the rates and pricing but that we always start with that risk management focus on our reinsurance line.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: No, don't get me wrong. You guys have done a great job with your program of protecting the balance sheet. I am not trying to attack on that side.
Robert B. Pollock: The other thing I would point out John, again this is kind of a macro trend issue around placement rates as placement rates as the housing crisis continues through its resolution and placement rates slower, macro events that we talked about for number of years there is going to be some capital release from the property segment and we do anticipate some lender placed in particular and that is something that we expect to start to see during 2014. 
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay and one last quick follow up. Skilled services, so I think I caught you Mike that it’s about $25 million in the expense line this quarter, I guess a little bit less than that on the fee revenue line. When do you get to a point where that starts contributing? Can you just remind us when that starts contributing to bottom line?
Michael J. Peninger: Yeah I think it will be I think we said modestly profitable in 2014, John and then whenever you do with these acquisitions we setup intangibles on the balance sheet. Those are amortized over time so your contribution to earnings grows over time, so modest contribution in ’14 and then growing in ’15 and beyond. 
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And on the balance sheet where the goodwill increased quarter-over-quarter was that all from field services or is lifestyle in there as well?
Michael J. Peninger: Lifestyle services is in there too.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our final question from Seth Weiss from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Weiss – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Hi, good morning. If I could ask just one more on Specialty Property. You are guiding to the non-cat loss ratio to increase, some lower premiums and higher claims frequency. I understand the lower premium rate and that impact. Could you comment a little bit on higher claim frequency and why you are expecting that to go up?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. I mean historically we’ve seen properties that are moving to foreclosure often have just higher claims incidents associated with them and that’s what we’re certainly thinking is going to happen here.
Seth Weiss – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Is there any way you could help sort of quantify that impact over 2013?
Robert B. Pollock: Yeah I don't know that we’re quite able to give you an exact quantification there but certainly we had mild weather overall so cat issues aside there's a lower sort of claim cost in 2013 so that’s why we’re saying we think that’s going to go up, we think ’13 was a bit lower than it will be.
Seth Weiss – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great that’s helpful. And maybe one final one on employee benefits, voluntary sales seem to be sort of a tailwind to premiums. It seems from your guidance that we should think of ’14 as sort of a build out year there where expenses may sort of offset some of the bottom line positives from these sales. Is that the right way to think about it as sort of net neutral to ’14 earnings and going into ’15?
Michael J. Peninger:  I think that’s a fair way to look at it. I mean in voluntary, in benefits we’re excited about voluntary. We think we’ve got some real traction in our offerings in that small to medium size market and they are working hard on expenses but I think your analysis is quite good.
Seth Weiss – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for the questions. 
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to hosting our 2014 investor day on March 11 and updating you on key milestones in the months ahead. Please reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with any additional questions.
Operator:  Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Robert B. Pollock - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Michael John Peninger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Investment Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and President of Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2013 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our third quarter 2013 results. Both the release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike, with Chris participating in the Q&A session. Some of the statements we make on today's call may be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release, as well as in our SEC reports including our 2012 Form 10-K and our first quarter 2013 10-Q. Today's call will also contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted on assurant.com. Now I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. During the third quarter, we delivered good overall operating results, driven once again by Specialty Property. Earnings at Solutions and Employee Benefits were below our expectations. Strong sales across all our businesses demonstrated that our specialty products and services are connecting with our customers and clients. Now I'll summarize our performance against our 3 key financial metrics: annualized operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 11% year-to-date; book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, increased by 8.2% since year end; and revenue, defined as net earned premiums and fees, increased by 6.2% compared to the first 9 months of 2012, driven by Specialty Property and Solutions. Throughout Assurant, our focus remains on increasing operating income by driving profitable growth in targeted areas, reducing expenses and aligning resources with our best opportunities. During the quarter, we announced 3 strategic acquisitions, all were in areas we've identified for expansion. At Solutions, the acquisition of Lifestyle Services Group supports our growing mobile platform by providing protection products, logistics support and customer service in Europe. In Specialty Property, we bolstered our capabilities in home restoration and preservation by acquiring Field Asset Services. And we strengthened our position as a leading administrator of the National Flood Insurance Program by purchasing renewal rights on a block of policies from Travelers. We also returned $124 million to shareholders in the quarter through buybacks and dividends. Our strong free cash flow enabled us to make these strategic acquisitions while also returning capital to shareholders. Now I'll provide updates for each of our business segments. At Assurant Solutions, earnings for the quarter were lower than expected. Increased loss experience with an established mobile program drove the shortfall. We also incurred additional expenses to support new mobile programs. We're pleased with the enthusiastic response to T-Mobile's JUMP! offering, where enrollments are exceeding our expectations. In addition, our new programs with Boost and Virgin Mobile are generating good results. As we build our mobile business for this growth, we'll take actions elsewhere to reduce expenses and improve profitability. For example, in the U.S., we're further streamlining our credit and service contract businesses in response to market conditions. In Europe, we'll reduce expenses as we integrate with Lifestyle Services Group. After incurring onetime charges, these actions and others should produce between $20 million and $25 million of annualized pretax savings. In combination with our mobile expansion, we expect Solutions will earn about $50 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. We believe this earnings milepost is another way to track our progress. It translates into approximately 14% return on equity in the fourth quarter of 2014. We acknowledge this has been slower than expected, but we remain committed to improving profitability and returns at Solutions. I'll now move to Specialty Property, which again reported very good results due to the lack of hurricane activity in the third quarter. The strength of our lender-placed business and our growing footprint in multifamily housing allowed us to grow net earned premiums and fees in the quarter by 18%. In our lender-placed business, we now provide loan tracking services on 34.5 million loans nationwide. This represents an increase of more than 3 million loans since year end, during a time when we believe the overall number of loans in the marketplace actually declined. The combination of superior tracking and customer service capabilities contributed to our growth. The changes we put in place with our new product, along with expenses related to new servicing requirements, will reduce future returns. To help offset the impact, we launched a major initiative to achieve greater operating efficiency and further enhance service. Overall, we expect lender-placed to remain an attractive specialty business. We continue to view the multifamily housing market as a growth opportunity. Recent enhancements to our product should allow us to grow revenues at a double-digit pace over the next several years. Our acquisition of Field Asset Services expands our specialty strategy within the mortgage value chain. Its strong operating platform, broad vendor network, and extensive property preservation offerings provide attractive growth potential. In addition, the transaction with Travelers make Specialty Property the second largest National Flood Insurance Program administrator. It will provide us added insight into the broader residential flood insurance market. These acquisitions further diversify Specialty Property's revenues and should produce attractive returns with modest capital requirements. Now turning to Assurant Health. During the third quarter, sales increased by 31% year-over-year, driven by strong results in individual medical and small group. Through our multichannel distribution network, in 43 states we offer major medical products that provide the required essential health benefits -- more, we believe, than any other insurer. Now that the public exchange marketplace is open, we are focused on helping consumers and our distribution partners understand the options available to them. Assurant Health's access and supplemental products are proving to be valuable resources for consumers looking for affordable alternatives to major medical coverage. We continue to manage expenses carefully as additional elements of the Affordable Care Act are implemented. We're encouraged by Health's progress this quarter and remain optimistic that the business will provide attractive returns to shareholders over time. Assurant Employee Benefits continued to make progress, scaling our voluntary products and services, another key targeted area for long-term profitable growth. Total sales increased by 41% from the third quarter of 2012. This demonstrates that our streamlined enrollment capabilities and broad product portfolio are attractive to small employers and their employees. Macroeconomic trends continue to pressure results in long-term disability. Low interest rates, along with modest job and wage growth, will continue to challenge this business. We're accelerating expense management efforts to improve disability returns as we continue to grow our voluntary business. In summary, we remain committed to driving profitable growth across Assurant. We'll continue to scale our targeted growth areas and reduce expenses even more aggressively in nongrowth businesses. And with that, I'll turn to Mike for more detailed comments on third quarter results.
Michael John Peninger: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin with Solutions, where net operating income decreased by $6.6 million year-over-year after adjusting for disclosed items, including a $5.8 million net tax benefit this quarter. The decline was primarily due to higher-than-expected loss experience at an established domestic mobile client, where we saw a substantially higher claim frequency and severity on certain models of smartphones. We've been working closely with the client to implement pricing and plan design changes and expect experience to normalize by the first quarter of 2014. It's important to note that growth in our mobile business and the rapid pace of new product introductions in the mobile industry make it likely that we'll see some volatility in our experience from quarter-to-quarter. Solutions' net earned premiums and fees increased 5%, driven primarily by growth in Latin America and from the mobile programs launched earlier this year. As a reminder, in our expanded relationship with T-Mobile, they retained the risk on the insurance protection component of the JUMP! program. Solutions will earn fee income and share the risk on the device upgrade option. The relationship will generate gross written premiums, fee income and profitability as the enrolled subscriber base grows. The JUMP! program began in July and there's a 6-month waiting period before customers can trade in their devices. Upgrade experience will begin to emerge in January of 2014. Domestic net earned premiums reflected sales growth at a large service contract client. Our vehicle service contract business also continued to grow after adjusting for the impact of a block of assumed business on third quarter 2012 premiums. These increases were partially offset by the mobile client we lost in 2012 and lower production from most retail clients. In addition, effective September 1, we stopped rating new business for a retailer, which had been generating approximately $100 million of net earned premiums annually. Unearned premiums for this client will earn over the next 18 to 24 months. The domestic combined ratio increased as a result of the higher mobile loss experience. We expect the combined ratio, excluding disclosed items, to remain above 98% until the corrective actions take full effect. Previous expense management actions in Europe drove a 110 basis point improvement in our international combined ratio, excluding disclosed items. We were pleased that our U.K. operations posted a small pretax profit. For the full year, we still expect to deliver a 100 to 200 basis point reduction to our international combined ratio on an adjusted basis. At preneed, results continue to be pressured by lower investment yields. We recently received regulatory approval in the U.K. for the Lifestyle Services acquisition and we plan to close tomorrow. We'll immediately begin the integration process. As we combine the 2 organizations, we expect to substantially reduce expenses across Europe. For the remainder of 2013, we continue to expect modest top line growth from Solutions, driven primarily by mobile, both in the U.S. and abroad. Based on the ramp-up costs for T-Mobile and the loss experience I mentioned, we now expect fourth quarter net operating income, excluding disclosed items, to be consistent with quarterly results so far this year. While we are lowering our near-term earnings expectation for Solutions, we expect revenue -- we expect growth in revenue and earnings from mobile and our Latin American operations, combined with expense reductions, to drive improved profitability in 2014. Specialty Property's third quarter results benefited from no reportable catastrophes, as well as continued growth of our lender-placed and multifamily housing businesses. During the quarter, we onboarded 700,000 of the 1 million new loans that we expected to add in the second half of 2013. The remaining 300,000 will come on board in the fourth quarter. Expenses were up in the quarter due to volume growth in our lender-placed business and the additional services we are now performing for our clients. Our placement rate declined sequentially from the second quarter to 2.75%, reflecting attrition in our legacy block of business, partially offset by higher placements on recently added loan portfolios. During the third quarter, we continued our proactive outreach with state regulators. Our new lender-placed product is now available in 38 states, with implementation underway in another 4 states where it has been approved. Based on our recent agreement with Florida, we'll file for a 10% rate reduction on our lender-placed hazard program in the state. We expect the rates to be formally approved prior to year end, with implementation beginning in the first quarter of next year on policies issued or renewed. We also expect Florida to eliminate commissions and quota-share arrangements for lender-placed providers in the state by the end of 2014. Looking ahead, contributions from the newly added loan portfolios and elimination of a client quota-share arrangement will help offset declines in placement rates and premium rates as we implement our new product. Continued growth in our multifamily housing business, along with the acquisition of Field Asset Services, will also help sustain revenues. At Assurant Health, we reported $6.6 million of net operating income in the quarter. This reflects less favorable loss experience, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate compared to the third quarter of 2012. For the full year, we still anticipate that our effective tax rate will be very high as a result of nondeductible expenses related to health care reform. Pretax earnings declined by $10 million, largely due to less favorable loss experience. Our loss ratio increased by 200 basis points, primarily because of the pricing changes on major medical insurance we made to meet minimum loss ratio requirements. Expenses increased modestly in the quarter. However, we will take additional restructuring actions in the fourth quarter, largely due to the elimination of underwriting from major medical policies effective in January 2014 as required under the Affordable Care Act. Revenues remained above $400 million for the second consecutive quarter, driven by strong sales across individual medical and small group products. We are pleased that Assurant Health received the accreditation from URAC, a leading independent nonprofit organization that establishes quality standards for the health care industry. This accreditation affirms our strong commitment to providing access to quality products and services. It also makes us eligible to participate on the public exchanges should we choose to do so. At Employee Benefits, less favorable disability experience decreased earnings. The reduction was largely driven by lower claimant recovery rates but incidence levels also increased over the prior year. Experience across all other product lines ran as expected. Net earned premiums and fees were level with the third quarter of 2012. Growth in voluntary was offset by premium declines in our employer paid business, particularly long-term disability. We continue to maintain strict pricing discipline for both new and renewal business. For the full year, we expect continued growth in our voluntary business, and additional expense actions are already underway to improve returns. Turning to Corporate. We ended the quarter with $370 million of deployable capital at the holding company. This is after the $55 million paid for Field Asset Services and $160 million set aside for the Lifestyle Services acquisition. Operating company dividends totaled $110 million for the quarter and $316 million or 71% of segment operating income year-to-date. We continue to anticipate that business segment dividends for full year 2013 will equal operating earnings. As always, dividends will vary depending on the capital needs of the businesses and rating agency requirements. Our capital management priorities remain unchanged. We'll continue to evaluate selective investments in areas we are targeting for long-term profitable growth. At the same time, we'll maintain the flexibility to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In the quarter, our corporate segment operating loss totaled $22 million, reflecting the funding of several growth initiatives and additional employee-related costs. We now expect our full year corporate operating loss to be approximately $75 million. For 2014, however, we expect a lower run rate due to expense savings initiatives underway and reduced pension costs. As a reminder, consistent with our accounting policy, we'll perform our annual goodwill impairment testing during the fourth quarter. We're pleased with our progress in 2013, and we are hard at work on the additional steps that are necessary to support profitable growth in 2014 and beyond. And with that, we'll ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Chris Giovanni from Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, first question, I just wanted to ask about the expenses within Property, which continue to grow, as you alluded to, of onboarding the track loans. I wanted to first see if there are any litigation reserves kind of being built into those numbers. And then how should we think about kind of the growth of expenses here? I guess the growth there is outpacing the top line growth at a time when, clearly, that top line is going to, at some point, recede based on the changes in the rate actions, normalization of placement rates. So can you, I guess, pivot the other way on the expense side when you start to see that roll over in any order of magnitude around -- what, of the pickup in these expenses that we're seeing, is variable versus fixed?
Michael John Peninger: Sure, I can take a shot at that, Chris. Maybe to start with, certainly, litigation expenses are included in our expenses. We regularly evaluate our reserves, and we feel good about where the levels of reserves are. In terms of the rest of the factors you alluded to, we're certainly onboarding a lot of loans, and that drives expenses up. We're also, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the things we have to do for the loans, the service requirements are going up, and all that is taking -- is costing more. So as the onboarding pace slows or the loan growth pace slows, there will be a certain amount of variable expense reduction. We're also working on a broad initiative to improve our efficiencies in lender-placed, so we have a lot of things going on that will help manage expenses going forward. But right now, we're definitely dealing with a lot of things coming at us.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if you try to, I guess, break down sort of the 20% or so growth and expenses here year-to-date, any order of magnitude in terms of portion related to the increase in loans versus litigation or just sort of other refinements in terms of investing in the business?
Michael John Peninger: It's hard to give you an exact breakout, Chris, but certainly, I think you're getting meaningful contributions to the growth from the addition of the new loans and the increased service requirements. I think I'd point to those as the primary drivers.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the 14% ROE in Solutions, I guess, in 4Q '14, obviously, you haven't pointed to any accretion from LSG in terms of '14. Most of that's coming through in '15. But in terms of the denominator of the calculation, is the equity from LSG included within that 14% calculation?
Michael John Peninger: Equity is kind of a noisy number for us, Chris, as we do the acquisition accounting and things like that, so we're really focusing on that $50 million of earnings. We expect the increase in Solutions' ROE to come from growth in earnings more than, say, reductions in equity or things like that.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last quick one for Rob. Obviously, an active quarter in terms of M&A. How are you thinking about capital returns going forward? Do you feel like with the 2 deals you've done, you're going to take a breather and get these things integrated? Or do you think there's opportunities still in the near term to get deals done to work alongside buybacks?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. So I mean, the first thing is we're pleased. We've talked about an active pipeline in M&A. I'll let Chris comment a little bit on how we thought about those acquisitions. But when they come in, they're lumpy and we happen to get a few done this quarter and feel quite good about it. Now at a high level, what we're focused on here is increasing that operating income, diversifying our sources of income because, obviously, within lender-placed, that's been the big flywheel to the operation. We think these acquisitions set up a more diversified source of earnings across our business. So when we can find that, we're going to do it. We've told you the areas we've targeted for growth, and I'll let Chris comment just a little bit on how we think about the capital deployment.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes. So just a couple of things on the capital deployment. So specifically related to these 2 deals, they were exactly the kind of deals we'd like to do and we'd like to do going forward. They're moderate in size, as Rob mentioned, strategic deals that were the byproduct of negotiation and a long period of sourcing on our part as opposed to deals that come in auction form. And then also, these are deals that met our targeted return thresholds based upon a cash flow internal rate of return analysis. Now how that relates to our decisions around share repurchase, we apply the same analytical framework to the decisions around buying back stock versus deploying capital in profitable growth opportunities. We continue to think the shares are attractive. We've got significant amounts of deployable capital and a pretty good line of sight on operating dividends going forward. So we have the flexibility to do all of the -- to execute on all of our capital management priorities.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Schuman from KBW.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions about Solutions. First of all, can you just give us a little bit of reminder kind of on how mobile works? In other words, one thing I'm wondering about is, is there ever moral hazard in the business? In other words, if I file a mobile claim, do I typically just get a reconditioned version of the same model? Or are there times that I can actually be advantaged by filing a claim?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So I think the first thing to recognize in the business is that all the programs are different that we set up. They all involve a set of terms and conditions that we want to have in place so that both our partner and we are winning together, okay? So to your specific question, is there moral hazard? Of course, we try and protect for that as best we can. There's obviously, as Mike mentioned, a lot of things going on within the space within new models, et cetera, coming out. The great thing is we think we have robust risk management capabilities and early detection around that.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: So the higher claims you're seeing currently, are they more related to theft or people breaking devices or devices malfunctioning? What's really the source of the higher claims?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Generally, the increased costs that we're dealing with tend to be damage, screen breakage and things like that. That's been the primary issue for us as opposed to theft or something like that. And I would also note that this is sort of we're seeing this at one client primarily. And I'm sorry, we've also got corrective actions underway. And those -- it's a sort of reference to a couple of your earlier points. They involve both pricing and plan design changes a la deductible increases, particularly on certain models and things like that.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I wanted to come back, if we could, to the Solutions' ROE. You kind of pushed back a little bit on trying to dig in on the denominator there, but I think you've got this 14% ROE goal for a long time, and I think we'd all kind of like to understand kind of how the business is going to return. I think the arithmetic suggests that if $50 million of earnings was going to get you 14% ROE, that implies $1.4 billion of capital, which I think is actually less than you have today despite the business growing. So is there something about the business we should expect, the capital tends to decline as you grow or...
Robert B. Pollock: Okay, so let's try and marry a couple of different ideas here. The first, as Chris mentioned, is we look at acquisitions, and we look at generating cash-on-cash returns with the business, okay? And if you look at things, what we've said is we got to make sure we acquire those in excess of our cost of capital. We need to look at them against our share price as another potential use of the funds. We think we've done that. We've also said we think we can write new business at returns in that 14% to 16% area for Solutions. And I think that when we talked about things in the second quarter of '11, we demonstrated that in our growth areas, we are meeting or exceeding those returns. Now the accounting and where things get set up, as Mike mentioned on the capital side, we've got to get that sorted out and will, but I think we're going to be in the ballpark with that 14% return in the fourth quarter by making the $50 million.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Finkelstein from Evercore.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Let me actually maybe take another crack at the $50 million in the Solutions' 14% ROE. I guess, how much of the $20 million to $25 million of annualized savings will be fully in the numbers by the fourth quarter?
Michael John Peninger: We're going to try to get these expenses as fast as possible. Certainly, as we start into the integration of LSG in Europe, that will give us some opportunities to take some out. We've also got some actions underway on the domestic side, particularly in the credit side. And then in service contract business, we've got some opportunities there. So we're very focused on getting them. And I would say, are we going to get all of it? Not sure that I would say that but we'll certainly get the vast majority of it earlier in the year so they would be in the fourth quarter numbers.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So if I interpret it correctly, you're going to have a good chunk of the expenses in the numbers by the fourth quarter. You'll have the accretion from LSG in the numbers, and then you'll further have the impact of growth and expense savings on the U.S. Is that kind of the story?
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I think there's a couple of other things. We've got, as we talked about, we've got the corrective actions on our domestic client with the mobile loss experience so that's in there. So there's a variety of things in there in addition to the expense saves.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess just a quick question on Health. If there is a delay to the mandate, is that good or bad for your business?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, it's an interesting question. I don't know that we quite know. What do we know? We think our decision to stay off the exchanges was the right decision. We are seeing a lot of activity in all of our products, and sales continue to be robust. And we are actually anecdotally seeing sales with 1/1 effective dates, which is earlier than we'd expect in normal times. It's usually 30 to 45 days prior to effective date. We think that's a result of our systems are up and operating. We've provided clear line of communication for both producers and consumers to see what we're offering in the marketplace. And we feel quite good about our position.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Maybe one final question, if I may. Just on the M&A strategy. Obviously, you have a situation where you've got a very high return business that, over time, will shrink. And I guess, what I'm curious about is, in your own view, can you grow organically fast enough to sustain the level of earnings that you're currently showing? Or do you view M&A as not just a nice to have but a must do?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Well, first, yes, again, and we've not been the best of predictors. Let's remember, our lender-placed business has grown. It's grown substantially off of where we thought it might go. And a lot of that is because Gene and his team have focused on the thing they can control, which is the number of loans we track. If you'll recall, we're probably up 5 million loans from our last Investor Day, which I think is quite impressive. Second, I think historically, we know we have free cash being generated, and we're going to deploy that, and I'll let Chris expand on that in a second. But we want to buy things that help these businesses, and we know that placement rates outside our control will ultimately go down. So yes, we want to do some acquisition, we want to grow organically and we want to do acquisitions. So Chris, you want to just chat on that?
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, I think the goal is to grow segment net operating income, to generate a more diversified source of that earnings stream. But on the other hand -- and M&A will play an important role on that. On the other hand, I think the key to M&A is discipline and making sure that we don't overpay. The easiest way to grow is to overpay for that growth. And if you look at the last 4 years or so, you can see that we've done a few deals, but the lion's share of our capital deployment has been in the form of share repurchase and dividends. So we've maintained that discipline. We think that's going to -- will benefit us going forward and it's going to be the combination of disciplined M&A and prudent capital deployment, in this case, share repurchase, that's going to create long-term shareholder value.
Robert B. Pollock: And I think the last one was all that. We've tried to identify for investors the areas we're targeting for growth, okay? And we've been pretty clear about them, mobile, multifamily housing, voluntary and affordable health products. And you can see that the acquisitions, as Chris mentioned earlier, fall right in those categories.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steven Schwartz from Raymond James & Associates.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I want to talk about Health some more, but I do want to ask one question on the situation with the one client in mobile. First thing, why would a client have worse experience than normal? Is this a model that they're selling that maybe is popular with teenagers or something like that? I'm thinking of my own daughter here.
Robert B. Pollock: It could be a variety of things. Mike alluded to what we think the best reasons are.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I think that we're seeing...
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I mean, you're talking about breakage, Mike, so that's what made the...
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I know. We're certainly seeing and -- but when you're think about the client's specific nature, there could be dynamics in the customer base that's different by client and things like that. But what we can point to, a lot of this business is just tracking the data and reacting to it, and that's what we're trying to do and working with our client to do that.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. And we've seen variability where claims pick up in the summer. To your point, there are younger people who have more free time, et cetera, than being in school. We're going to have that variability, but we feel confident we understand the problem and have taken the actions to correct it.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Is there a -- there was a throwaway line, maybe it was a throwaway line, by Mike that we expect experience to return to normal. But you can't control that. All you could do is to price for the experiences you expect it to be. Or can you somehow affect experience?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, you've got plan terms and conditions, raising deductibles and various things, so you have levers other than just pricing. We have those actions underway with this client. We've already implemented some of them. We'll keep doing it until we correct the problem.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on Health. Just a couple. Looking at -- well, first, on your essential benefits products, even though you're not on an exchange, are you mandatory take all comers with those products?
Robert B. Pollock: Absolutely.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it would seem to me if things got delayed or the mandate was put off, then could you possibly have an issue, people not being forced to get it and therefore you have some adverse selection problems?
Robert B. Pollock: I think, again, trying to speculate on what would be contained if the mandate were relaxed. I don't know if they'd just say there is no mandate, if there'd be other terms and conditions. We'd have to see exactly what it would be. But remember, we've got a broad product portfolio that can address needs of consumers and we think affordability is that key issue.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great, okay. And that's where I wanted to go next. Now that the pricing is out, you have your own pricing on your products and the pricing is out on the exchanges, how do you think about the attractiveness of the access products, if you will? Do they still look very attractive in light of the pricing that is now out there and assuming there is a mandate with a penalty?
Robert B. Pollock: I would say that we're in a situation where they will be more attractive than they've been up to this point in time.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Can you expand on that, Rob?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. I think that on the exchanges, prices are going to, by and large, be higher.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Than they have been in the private market to date?
Robert B. Pollock: Right.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: But we see the pricing, right?
Robert B. Pollock: It's going up.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have questions. I want to talk about the weaker claims on this one client, but I wanted to do it a little bit differently. If I look at the 99.3 combined ratio this quarter and recognizing 98 is a target but not necessarily an exact number in any single quarter, but if I just compare the 2, it looks like the higher claims was something order of magnitude $5 million, $6 million. I mean, you mentioned some higher expenses as well, so maybe the actual dollar amount of claims is even a little bit lower than that. I'm curious how that size of incremental claims compares with the, I don't know, the gross written premium or the -- maybe it's not right to compare it yet to earned premium, maybe more the gross written from this client. Is that a reasonable question? I know you don't want to mention the client, but maybe you could just sort of size it.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, sure. So the first thing is think about it this way. For this client, the business earns monthly. So when we take actions and put them into effect, they will correct the entire block. That is point one. Point two, the split-out is between, as Mike mentioned, a change in deductible, so -- combined with a pricing change. So one will impact the -- lower the claims themselves, the other will increase the amount of premium we're collecting.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Understood. So is it fair to say -- to think about it this way, Rob. I mean, if the incremental claims are a couple of million dollars, that the net effect obviously of your change in deductible and your increase in pricing just essentially recaptures that couple of million dollars? Is that the way to think about it? That's the difference versus your targeted returns there?
Robert B. Pollock: Correct. You're making assumptions about your frequency and severity of claims, and we're trying to look at both factor. You can solve your problem by pricing or by plan design. Typically, you can't do it with just one or the other. You really have to do both.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So then, I guess, my next question is more about the actual process of getting these adjustments, right? So you've got early warning systems in place. You've identified the culprit, if you will, very quickly. Is this all part of the actual contract that you've got with individual clients, whereby you can automatically take these actions? Or is it something that you have to literally sit down with them, renegotiate under the terms and conditions? Because clearly, an increase in deductible and/or an increase in the fee that they're charging to the consumer could have a negative impact on consumer behavior, i.e. maybe the consumer says, "Well, I can go get a different smartphone or whatever the case may be, a different product from a different provider, and that -- and this may be -- the margin is going to force me to do that."
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Well, we work very closely with our clients obviously, John. And as Rob said, we try to structure our arrangements with the client so our interests are aligned. So we both have the same end goal. As you point out, we see the problem, we're sitting down with the clients saying what do we need to do about it, and then we can react quite rapidly to that, to make the kind of change. And certainly, you have to think about the impact on consumers. But that's sort of part of the process of managing the business, and that's why we work hand in glove with our clients. And you see variability or you react to it. That's kind of an ongoing process.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes. I guess I'm just trying to understand if that's something where you can just say even if the client's not very -- not particularly happy with it, where you can just say based on the contractual terms that you've already got in place -- listen, I know you don't like it but we're doing it.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, sure. But just think about when you hit the nail on the head with the consumer, you want to notify the consumer, you want to explain why you're taking the actions you're taking. We think that's all part of the process to maximize revenue, profitability, et cetera. You want to tell them in advance when you're doing something.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes, I know. I definitely understand the outreach. So the only other question I've got for you is really around sort of the expense initiatives. I think there's a couple of different segments where you've sort of highlighted -- it sounds like there's going to be some fourth quarter charges and none of this is fun. But you gave us the $20 million to $25 million save expected for solutions. Can you sort of size what you're expecting to be able to accomplish in, I think, it was Health and Benefits or maybe its Health, Benefits and Corporate?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, we're working on all those, John. I'm not quite ready to get -- to size them for you today, but we will certainly be reporting out to you as we firm up the plans.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And just as a reminder, because I think I missed it in the prepared remarks, it was either Rob or you, Mike, the $75 million of expense level in Corporate for 2013, I think you made a comment about where you directionally expect that to go next year. I just missed it, whether it was flat or down or...
Michael John Peninger: Yes. We think it's at the peak now, John, and they will start to decline into next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weiss from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to know if you could give us any update on discussions with the FHFA and maybe where you hear they are in the process of their discussions on reform in LPI and mortgage servicing?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. Well, we've had numerous discussions with the FHFA. Remember, the mortgage servicers are our clients. They work in tandem with the FHFA. The FHFA has put out proposed regulations on changes involving commissions and reinsurance. And that's about all we know right now. I think the ball's in their court to figure out how they're going to finalize those things.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And the discussions from what you've heard have been centered on those 2 issues of commissions and reinsurance? It hasn't bled over into any other issues?
Robert B. Pollock: Not that we're aware of.
Michael John Peninger: Not to our knowledge.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just one clarification on Health, if maybe you could just remind us about the access products. These products, just remind me if I'm correct here, that they satisfy the individual mandate but they're not subject to the MLR. Is that the right dynamic?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. They're not subject. They are limited benefit plans, Seth, and they're not subject to the MLR. And so the people who buy them would have to pay a fine.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So it does not satisfy that individual mandate?
Michael John Peninger: Right, right.
Robert B. Pollock: Correct.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Mark Hughes from SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: You had suggested that the pricing on the exchanges was higher than what might be available or what would have been available in the individual market previously. Is there a way to give us a sense of magnitude of that difference?
Robert B. Pollock: I think it's a kind of a state-by-state comparison. It's a function of the age of the person looking to go. Remember, they've narrowed the age rating bands on what's out there. But also remember, this business is now all guaranteed issue, whereas in the past, we've been able to underwrite. So we believe those factors will lead to higher rates...
Michael John Peninger: And in some cases, benefits are higher, too.
Robert B. Pollock: Absolutely.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Have you -- did you have any conclusions internally when you look at those things across the states? Any feeling for what the magnitude of that difference is?
Robert B. Pollock: Again, there's -- yes, there's been a lot put out. I think the best place to probably turn is the Society of Actuaries study. I don't recall quite what their number was, but it was a significant increase to the cost in their estimation. But until we actually see who shows up, you're speculating on who the enrollees are a little bit. So it's kind of a guessing game, and we're going to find out here over the next few months.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So you haven't been able to do a survey of pricing, anything like that?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, sure, we definitely have -- remember, we have to set our prices for all essential health benefit plans. Our prices are higher than they were, okay? And it's very specific around plan of benefits, age of the person and geography.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, okay. And then a final question. The opportunity to continue to take share in Specialty Property, you point out that's been a nice driver of growth over the last 12, 24 months. As we look out ahead and we think about the movement within the industry and your customer base, do you think there's as much opportunity to take share? Or should that stabilize a little bit?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, I think the big key is our alignment with the market leaders, both the money center banks and the specialty servicers, has positioned us well as portfolios move around. We think we continue to be positioned that way, but I don't know of any specific portfolios that are considering moving at this time.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: When you look through that market, the position of your partners, do you think they will continue to take share?
Robert B. Pollock: We think we're positioned with the industry leaders. So to the extent they can continue to grow and remain leaders, that we would grow with them. Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on key milestones in the months ahead. Please reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with additional questions.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Robert B. Pollock - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Michael John Peninger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Investment Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and President of Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Alexander P. Paris - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thank you, Zach, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2013 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our second quarter 2013 results. Both the news release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike, with Chris participating on the Q&A. Some of the statements we make on today's call may be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected are provided in yesterday's news release, as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2012 Form 10-K and our first quarter 2013 10-Q. Today's call also will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted on assurant.com. Now I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter results were in line with our expectations. While earnings were lower than last year, we are pleased with our progress in expanding each of the areas we are targeting for profitable growth. Our unique capabilities are helping us reach a broad group of consumers in the mobile, renters, health and voluntary benefits insurance markets. At the same time, our core businesses continue to generate free cash flow, allowing us to return capital to shareholders. I'll start by summarizing our results against the 3 important financial metrics we use to track our progress. Annualized operating return on equity excluding AOCI was 10.5% year-to-date. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI increased by 5.2% since year end, and revenue, defined as net earned premiums and fees, increased by 5.8% compared to the first half of 2012, driven by strong growth at Specialty Property and Solutions. We're also encouraged by the sequential increase in premiums at health and employee benefits. In the quarter, we've repurchased $174 million of our stock, and we increased our quarterly dividend by 19%. The strength of our balance sheet provides great flexibility. We continue to look for opportunities to invest in our businesses to support our long-term strategic objectives. At the same time, returning capital to shareholders remains a key priority. We plan to repurchase shares during the current quarter subject to a number of factors, including the level of storm activity. Now I'll offer updates on each of our segments. Assurant Solutions continues to drive toward its goal of a 14% ROE in 2014. We're focused on tightly managing expenses and growing our business profitably in targeted areas through new and existing clients. Specifically, we're scaling our mobile business, expanding our Latin American operations and improving results in our U.K. business. We are building momentum in our mobile business. During the quarter, we expanded our footprint. Earlier this week, we announced that Solutions was selected as T-Mobile's partner for their new JUMP! program, including premium handset protection. Solutions will serve as the risk manager and customer service administrator of the program, the first of its kind to allow consumers to enjoy frequent equipment upgrades without penalty. The new program will be available to 26 million T-Mobile-branded customers in the U.S. While Solutions will be the direct writer of the business, T-Mobile is likely to retain the underwriting risk. We anticipate that the JUMP! program's contribution to net operating income this year will be modest due to the upfront investments necessary to service this business. It will grow in 2014, particularly in the second half of the year as the number of subscribers enrolled in the program ramps up. During the quarter, we began offering mobile protection to eligible prepaid customers of Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile, brands both owned by Sprint. As part of the program, we converted existing mobile protection customers to our platform at the end of June. We expect these wins to more than offset the mobile business we lost last year over the next few quarters. The ramp-up and ultimate size of these new programs will depend on the appeal of our products in the marketplace. In addition, we're pleased to report the renewal of our partnership with U.S. Cellular for an additional 4 years. Their constant focus on product innovation and the consumer experience has made U.S. Cellular a valued client and a great partner to Assurant Solutions for many years. We expect to generate attractive returns in mobile as we continue to develop value-added solutions for our partners and their customers in this fast-changing market. Serving the growing middle class in Latin America remains a priority for Assurant, and we are finding many ways to do so. As an example, we recently partnered with Nissan to provide service contracts to their customers in Mexico. We believe we're well positioned to support the growing auto warranty market in Latin America. In Europe, we completed additional restructuring actions last month to better ensure U.K. profitability in the third quarter. We believe that our streamlined operations and focus on extended service contracts, including mobile, will allow us to improve returns in the region longer term. At Assurant Specialty Property, we posted strong revenue growth across all of our key product offerings. In our multifamily housing business, we now serve nearly 900,000 policyholders nationwide. This represents a 28% increase since the second quarter of last year. As more consumers choose renting over home ownership, our relationships with leading property managers and other distribution partners will help us capitalize on this growing market. In our lender-placed insurance business, our alignment with market leaders continues to pay off. We now attract nearly 34 million loans nationwide and expect to add another 1 million loans in the third quarter. In order to support this volume, we are leasing a new facility in Dayton, Ohio. This will bring more jobs to the area and build additional capacity so we can continue to provide high-quality service and administrative support for our clients and the homeowners we ensure. During the quarter, we continued our proactive outreach with state regulators as well as the FHFA. We completed the implementation of our new lender-placed product in 28 states. In the third quarter, we will introduce the product in 10 more approved states. Our filings in New York and Florida are moving through the rate review process. We responded to the additional questions the departments have raised and will continue our dialogue until the process is completed. At the federal level, the FHFA recently convened a roundtable discussion with key constituents. The purpose was to discuss proposed changes to lender-placed insurance for servicers of GSE loans. We participated in the session and will continue to assist the FHFA and our clients during their review. We will update you further as we complete the rollout of our new product in other key states and the FHFA finalizes any changes on lender-placed insurance practices for GSE loans. At Assurant Health, total sales grew 35% as we produced double-digit increases across all product lines. We're pleased by continued sales momentum, evidence that consumers recognize the value and affordability of our products. In the quarter, we continued to work through the next phases of health care reform. We updated our major medical products to cover the essential benefits required by the Affordable Care Act. We decided to defer our participation on public health exchanges until 2015. Instead, we're focusing resources to help our customers and distribution partners understand how the Affordable Care Act impacts healthcare during this period of transition. As medical costs continues to increase, we believe consumers will find our affordable choice plans even more attractive. Assurant Employee Benefits posted another strong sales quarter. Year-to-date sales are up 18%. Earnings reflected pressure on our disability products, but dental experience was again excellent. We recently completed a redesign of our dental offerings to provide more tailored solutions for small and midsized employers. These enhancements, along with our broad dental network, should continue to increase the appeal of our products to employers and their employees. Overall, throughout Assurant, we remain focused on driving profitable growth across all of our businesses, and we're pleased with our progress so far in 2013. And with that, I'll turn to Mike for more detailed comments on our results.
Michael John Peninger: Thanks, Rob. I'll start with Solutions. Net operating income declined $2.5 million after adjusting for a $3.8 million nonrecurring benefit in the second quarter of 2012 and a $2.7 million charge for a reduction in force in Europe this quarter. preneed earnings declined primarily due to lower investment yields. Expenses are up in preneed, reflecting higher amortization of selling expenses due to the growth that we've seen over the last several quarters. In addition, results at Solutions reflect the previously disclosed loss of a mobile client. Net earned premiums and fees increased by 7% versus the second quarter of 2012. Domestic premium growth again reflected promotional activity at the large client we mentioned last quarter, and we also saw increases in our vehicle service contract business. Expansion in Brazil and Mexico drove higher premiums abroad. The international combined ratio declined 250 basis points after adjusting for the disclosed items. Growth in Latin America and previous expense management actions contributed to the improvement. For the full year, our international operations remain on track to deliver a 100 to 200 basis point reduction in the combined ratio, excluding disclosed items. The domestic combined ratio remained near the long-term target of 98%. For the second half of 2013, we continue to expect modest top and bottom line growth as we pushed toward our goal of a 14% ROE next year. Specialty Property posted strong results in the quarter, driven primarily by revenue growth from lender-placed loan portfolios added during the past year and the continued expansion of our multifamily housing business. As expected, the additional growth in lender-placed business drove higher general expenses in the quarter. Our placement rate in the quarter was 2.8%, representing a modest decrease from the first quarter of this year and the second quarter of 2012. We expect placement rates to fluctuate in the near term, reflecting the composition of our recently added loan portfolios, but longer term, placement rates should decline as the mortgage market rebounds. In the second quarter, we reported a sequential decrease in premiums ceded to clients because a client quota share arrangement was discontinued. This is detailed in the ceded premium shown in our financial supplement. Starting April 1, we began retaining premiums and underwriting risks for this previously reinsured client. Premiums written prior to April 1, along with the associated claims, will continue to be ceded proportionately as they run off during the next year. During the second quarter, we completed our 2013 Catastrophe Reinsurance Program at attractive rates. We expanded coverage by nearly 20% to support growth in our lender-placed business. Our program also supports a small but growing footprint in the Caribbean and Latin America, where Specialty Property and Solutions partnered to develop a traditional dwelling insurance product for a global banking client. Due to the continued growth of lender-placed loan portfolios, the reduction in ceded premiums and the expansion of our multifamily housing business, we expect Specialty Property's revenues for the full year to grow from 2012 levels. Our expense ratio will also increase as we expand capacity to support the growth in the business. Assurant Health reported a small profit in the quarter, consistent with our outlook for the full year but down considerably from 2012. The decrease is due to a higher effective tax rate and the absence of $14 million in aftertax real estate joint venture income that was included in our second quarter 2012 results. Our loss ratio increased to 75.2%. This reflects less favorable experience compared to the prior year and pricing changes in response to the minimum loss ratio targets in our major medical business. We expect the ratio to remain around this level in future quarters. We are pleased that net earned premiums grew 4% from the first quarter of this year and that insured lives continues to increase. Growth in our book of business remains an important long-term metric for health. We're encouraged by our progress and remain cautiously optimistic as the health care market enters a period of unprecedented change in the second half of 2013. At Employee Benefits, net earned premiums and fees were flat year-over-year but up slightly from the first quarter, evidence that our enrollment and administrative services are gaining traction with voluntary customers. Earnings declined on a year-over-year basis, primarily due to less favorable disability results and the previously disclosed reduction in the discount rate for new claim reserves. Disability experienced primarily reflected lower recoveries in the quarter. We've maintained strict pricing discipline in our disability business during the past year and will take additional action as needed. Results across the other product areas were solid. For the full year, we expect continued growth in our voluntary business and overall premiums at Benefits to remain in line with 2012 levels. Turning to corporate matters. We took $185 million of dividends from the operating companies in the second quarter. We continue to anticipate that business segment dividends for the full year will equal operating earnings. As always, dividends will vary depending on the capital needs of the businesses and rating agency requirements. As Rob noted, we repurchased $174 million of stock in the second -- in the quarter. We also retired approximately $24 million of our 2014 senior notes through open-market transactions. At the end of the second quarter, total debt outstanding amounted to approximately $1.6 billion, including $476 million that will mature in February of 2014. As a reminder, the March issuance increased our aftertax interest expense by approximately $4 million in the quarter. Our corporate operating loss was $22 million, reflecting investments in areas targeted for growth and additional benefit-related costs. For the full year, we still expect our Corporate segment operating loss to be between $65 million and $70 million but likely at the high end of that range. Our investment portfolio continues to perform well. Yields increased in the quarter, which reduced our unrealized gain position, but they still remain very low compared to historic levels. Our conservative investment philosophy and disciplined asset liability management minimized our portfolio turnover and helped moderate the pace of decline in our portfolio yield. We're pleased with our progress in 2013 and look forward to improvement over the second half of the year. And with that, we'll ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could help us a little bit on the change in the captive reinsurance. Is the amount of client-ceded premium likely to remain approximately at the level that we saw in the second quarter, or will that actually come down from here?
Robert B. Pollock: Mike, you want to provide some of the details there?
Michael John Peninger: Yes, well, we cede -- as you know, Jeff, some of our clients we have reinsurance arrangements with. And this client this quarter terminated their arrangement. So their ceded premium to them will obviously decline over the last several quarters. Whether the aggregate total goes down depends on volume in the other clients, and there's also some ceded reinsurance outside of lender-placed, too, that go through that line.
Robert B. Pollock: I think it's also to just point out that we will have the premiums. We'll also have the risks associated with that business, Jeff, going forward. So the good news, more premiums; second, we'll have the associated risk associated with the business.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, so essentially you stopped ceding new premiums to that particular captive, but there are still -- there's still premiums that you ceded earlier that's -- okay...
Michael John Peninger: Unearned premiums at that $630 million will run through under the -- they'll run through the income statement on the same reinsured basis over the next year, basically.
Jeffrey R. Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then on the placement rate, I'm wondering if you can somehow give us a little better feel for the dynamics there, where it appears that maybe the placement rate is actually coming down on some of the legacy business, but then that's kind of obscured by what's happening in the new business. Is there any way for us to kind of see through those dynamics a little better?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. I'll let Mike talked about the details in a second, but I think we want to start with just thinking about there's a lot of factors influencing things here. It starts with the general economic situation in terms of people's ability to make payments on homes. So it's impacted by unemployment rates. It's also impacted by government policy around support of the housing market and in particular, trying to prevent foreclosures. That goes in a little bit then to thinking of about we see differences in that placement rate in different areas. And Mike, maybe you want to expand a little bit on that.
Michael John Peninger: Yes. I think to your point, Jeff, if you look at -- the placement rate on our legacy business, I'd say, is slightly down, but you get influx of new portfolios, all of which have sort of unique characteristics. And so you get variation in your overall aggregate levels. So you've got this slowly declining -- or slow thus far declining legacy rate, then, when you get the noise essentially introduced by the new portfolios.
Operator: And we'll move next to Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, first question, you mentioned you're going to be rolling out in 10 more states in 3Q, so you'll will be up to 38. Wondering if you could give an update on kind of percentage of premium that those represent, particularly as you now move through some of states that are a bit larger.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, I think they're the medium-sized states, Jeff. I think the important issue is approval in Florida and New York contribute a big portion of our block, and we need to receive kind of approval there to proceed. So they're not in the totals. Obviously, if we can get through the process there, which we anticipate happening, we'll be in a position to roll there as well. And Florida, as we've mentioned, represents about 1/3 of our business.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one just quick follow up to Jeff's question regarding the ceded business. Was the book that was on-boarded to you, was that contemplated as you went through your cat program this year?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, I think that we've been looking at exposure growth in general, and you see that we bought some more reinsurance at the top end. And I'll let, perhaps, Chris just comment on the program a little bit.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes. Chris, just one point of clarification. In the scenarios where premium is ceded, the client participates in our cat program alongside us. So paying the premiums, the claims, et cetera, et cetera. So when we put a program together, it's contemplating the aggregate book. Now with respect to the additional $300 million of coverage, that is a function of additional loans that we've -- growth in the program, growth in the risk and, in particular, obviously, growth in the program in the cat-prone areas.
Michael John Peninger: And we always look at that top end and we want to be sure we have enough coverage there, Chris, because that's -- at the lower end, that's sort of an earnings volatility issue. At the top end, we want that protection. So we try to be relatively conservative in setting that top-end limit.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then in health, I guess, the sales there continue to be pretty robust. You had the sequential increase in premiums, which I think was the largest since 2003 or so. And recognizing a lot of that has been driven by the shrinkage in insured lives, health care reform and all, but do you feel you're starting to get a kind of positive inflection point here where scale can start to build a bit, potentially driving down that tax rate over time?
Robert B. Pollock: We're certainly hoping so. Again, I think that all of our efforts at -- when the Affordable Care Act was enacted and the strategy we embarked upon around affordability and choice, we really think is paying off. Obviously affordability will continue to be a big issue going forward for us, Chris. And the fourth quarter of this year is obviously going to be kind of a brave new world with the introduction of the exchanges. We'll see what happens there. But we think our fundamental strategy of driving at that affordability is going to prove out. So we're quite optimistic about prospects in the health business.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one last quick one just for Chris, I guess, regarding buybacks. Recognizing you want, I guess, to consistently be in the market, how are you thinking about kind of the pace here as we enter hurricane season? I know in the past, you've been somewhat reluctant for a few years back. Rob, I think you made the point that the stock was just way too cheap and you'd be pretty active during the hurricane season. So I just wanted to get some updated thoughts there.
Christopher J. Pagano: Well, the capital deployment decisions and the share repurchase activity is always a forward-looking exercise. So -- and I think from where we stand right now, with $640 million of deployable capital and a stock that we still believe is undervalued and attractively priced, we plan to be in the market through cat season. We'll of course be more conservative because that's just how we are, but do want to be in the market consistently and expect to -- there's a program in place right now, which has been in place since the 10b5-1 programs, since early April. Once we exit blackout period, we'll recalibrate and make some decisions around repurchase activity in the next several months.
Operator: And we'll move next to Mark Finkelstein with Evercore.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: A few questions. On Solutions, you have reasonably good transparency, at least into the revenue side. And I'm just curious, in terms of the achieving the 14% ROE into '14, is there anything else you need to do on either the expense side or on the capital side to get there?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, so a couple of things. We are driving at all levels. I think -- and I'll let Mike comment on the expenses, but just in general, we've got changes going on in the market that require that we be nimble about adjusting expenses as markets come and go. I think we're demonstrating we can do that. Each of the businesses have slightly different dynamics associated with it, but we feel very good about the targeted growth areas around mobile, around what we've got going on with vehicle service contracts both in the U.S. and in Latin America. Mike, do you want to...
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I don't know that -- just the themes that we've talked about, Mark, are really where we're continuing to focus. As Rob said, driving at that growth, particularly in mobile. We also like to sell our service contracts, and we're seeing good growth there. Continued growth in Latin America is important, and expenses are going to continue to be a focus. We took some more action in Europe this quarter. And overall, Solutions, if you think about the domestic credit business, that continues to sort of run off. We've got to continue to drive at that expense control. On the capital side, Solutions has a relatively complicated structure. There's lots of entities, but we're constantly looking for opportunities to take capital out. Just like in all of our businesses, we want to capitalize appropriately for our best ratings and then get everything else up to the holding company. A little more complicated in some of the entities, but we continue to work on a regular basis at that.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just on the T-Mobile program, is there any way of framing out a 3- or 5-year revenue opportunity for this? I'm going a little bit by memory. I thought that you kind of did that on the Telefónica deal. I'm just curious if there's any way of thinking about this 26 million subscriber base, and how big can this program get?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So, I'm going to take a step back because I think you've got to frame this and give T-Mobile tremendous credit for what they've done here. Because think about what they've done is they've introduced the program that is both offensive and defensive. So on the offensive side, they're trying to grow new subscribers, and they've got a program now that will be attractive to anyone who is looking to be with a carrier that will allow them to upgrade regularly, okay? And we've introduced, and we're all of like 2 weeks into it. Enthusiastic start, but way too early to know exactly what it's going to mean. In addition, it's defensive in that the current subscriber base was 26 million subscribers. Anyone who might be contemplating leaving them for a phone upgrade now is going to say "Gee, I can get this here and going forward, I can upgrade a couple of times a year." So they've really got a great program designed. What we're going to find out is, gee, how many new subscribers does it help them attract, and how many of their existing subscribers are going to convert? And we'll know a little bit more about that in a couple of quarters, but I think trying to speculate on it right now is -- we'd just be guessing.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Out of curiosity, the public health exchange deferral until 2015, why?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Well, I think it's just looking at the difficulty in the exchanges getting up, exactly getting a line of sight on who they're going to attract. We sat and looked at our existing insureds and distributors and said, "Our time would be better spent making sure they understand how they're impacted than trying to attract particularly new people on the exchanges when it's unclear just how many are going to be attracted to them." So we're focused on that large distribution footprint we have. Our national distribution relationships with State Farm, USAA -- we just thought the resources were better applied there.
Michael John Peninger: And there are so many unknowns with the exchange and how people will react and purchasing decisions, and we think we can get the learnings from that by observing from the side and, as Rob said, putting our resources into other areas to be sure we're ready to go in 2015. I'd also note that I think from -- you read as much as I do, but other carriers are thinking about this same issue, and you're seeing a lot of carriers being pretty cautious about the degree of participation in 2014 as well.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. I was just -- no change in strategy between kind of major medical and the access product in terms of emphasizing access disproportionately relative to what you've been doing?
Robert B. Pollock: No.
Operator: And we'll go next to John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions for you guys. Rob, if I think a bit bigger picture about the mobile wins here with T-Mobile, I think you mentioned a couple of things with Sprint as well. When I think back a couple of years ago, when you guys bought the -- I think it was called Signal Holdings, when you made that purchase, I think at the time you said, "We'll need to win a couple of new relationships or contracts for this to truly pay off and achieve targeted returns." Assuming you get some growth out of these new relationships, in particular, T-Mobile, does that get you there?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, a couple of things. Certainly, we're thrilled about the wins we've got going on, and I think they demonstrate that we're a player in this market. The Signal is an asset we are leveraging that's helping us in all of these different areas. And you're right, John, I certainly said that we were going to need to grow our footprint in mobile for the signal acquisition to be a success. I think last year, we also told investors we're earning targeted returns in the mobile business already. We think that these new programs provide us an opportunity to continue to demonstrate we can come up with things that are appealing to our partners and to their consumers in the marketplace.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then in particular, on the T-Mobile program -- so this sounds like it's an administrative sort of fee relationship. I guess you'll be booking gross premiums, gross written premiums, but it sounds like that will be ceded right back to T-Mobile. So how should we think about -- and can we think about like the way that the margin works on this business? Or can you give us some color? Maybe just not specifically on T-Mobile but just in general on how an administrative arrangement would work versus a true insurance arrangement on the mobile side?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. Mike, why don't you start by just commenting on these large relationships?
Michael John Peninger: Sure. Well, these type of arrangements, just like in case of our large credit arrangements in the past, there's multiple ways to structure the deals, and they're customized to each client. But you're certainly -- we need to finalize the details of the T-Mobile arrangement. But assuming, as we said, that it's likely to be reinsured, then you're right, John. You would see gross written premiums, you would see ceded, you'd get some fees, you'd get ceding commissions. So there's a variety of sort of details that have to go through. And once those are all final, we'll be able to talk a bit more about those. But overall, we still feel really good about the pricing of the business, the return potential of it, et cetera.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, and I'd just point out that, again, if they decide to reinsure, we're just going to have to put up a little bit less capital. We are the risk manager on the program for them. We're doing a lot of the logistics -- logistics support, et cetera. And I think we feel tremendous about having landed this relationship.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes. I know, I get that. I mean, if we're -- if we compare and contrast, though, a fee type of arrangement versus one where you're truly taking insurance risk, is it fair to say that there is no capital requirement in the former versus something fairly significant in the latter?
Robert B. Pollock: I wouldn't say no, because obviously there's working capital issues, John...
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: The inventory.
Robert B. Pollock: And when you think about all those things, yes. But I think we are doing a lot of things to try and support T-Mobile, just as we try and do with service contract providers, as we've historically done with credit insurance business. I think we can find lots of ways to help them.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just a housekeeping item. Can you remind us -- I know you guys took $185 million in dividends up from the subsidiaries of the operating companies in 2Q. Can you remind us what that number was in 1Q?
Robert B. Pollock: I think so far this year, we're at about over...
Michael John Peninger: Just over 200, I think.
Robert B. Pollock: 206 maybe, I think.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it was modest in 1Q. Okay.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then just when I think about that ceded -- it was within the Specialty Property business, and now you've broken out that ceded to clients for us. How should we think about potential for other clients to discontinue that as we move forward? I know part of the New York settlement specifically states these arrangements have to be terminated. Are we there yet that all of those have been terminated?
Robert B. Pollock: Mike, you want to comment on that?
Michael John Peninger: Yes, New York, we're certainly complying with all the provisions there. More broadly, we just have a handful of clients that cede, John, that we have reinsurance. And all those make specific decisions about how they want to handle their arrangements. And so whether they choose to continue or not continue is really their decision.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes. No, I get that. I'm just -- I guess I'm more curious whether there's been any real dialogue with that handful of clients without naming names or sizing each one. It seems to me that -- I don't know, my sense is that the direction here is that, that would -- that ceded to clients would continue to decline. Are you having those discussions, or is it just not happening?
Robert B. Pollock: I think those are really client decisions. And if they approach us, we certainly, again, just -- it's really kind of like the T-Mobile discussion we have. There's lots of different ways to structure things here. And how the transfer of risk mechanism works on this, we're going to be back on the risk on some things that had previously gone to a client.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, as you know, and just to say it, obviously, if the reinsurance goes away, the risk changes, the claims -- these things are all risk-transfer mechanisms. So it's important to keep that in mind, too.
Alexander P. Paris - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then I just have one last quick one, and that is do you guys feel like you have any visibility on the timing for some resolution on the Florida and New York case filings?
Christopher J. Pagano: It's a back-and-forth process. They've asked a number of questions. We've responded. They've asked a few more, we've responded. So it's just an iterative progress, John.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: But it is in their court at this point?
Christopher J. Pagano: Correct.
Operator: And we'll go next to Steven Schwartz with Raymond James and Associates.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Want to, I guess, just rehash a couple of things here. With response -- with regard to the captives ceded, Jeff's question. To start this off, I didn't really understand it, I guess. I want to ask it a different way. Going forward for the rest of the year, all else equal, just looking at the ratio of ceded premium to captives relative to gross, should that ratio change because of this change from this one client?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes.
Michael John Peninger: Well, again, it'll go down for that client. The aggregate amount depends on growth in other reinsured clients.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: No, of course.
Michael John Peninger: But this one of course will go down, yes. There's an unearned premium, essentially, at the end of June that will run off through our income statement over the next 12 months, basically, and the ceded amounts will run off then.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the new portfolio business that you're putting on in Specialty Property, the $1 million. Could you remind us, is that flat cancel?
Michael John Peninger: It is. That will start to contribute over the second half of the year.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just returning to health, just so I'm clear here. So you're not going to participate in the exchanges? I know you sell access products, you sell short-term medical products, you sell supplemental products as well, but you also sell individual major medical. Will you be able to continue to sell major medical in 2014, off the exchanges, without customers having to pay the penalty?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. In fact, I mean, I would go so far as to speculate that most of the individual health insurance will be sold off-exchange.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, I'm just talking about individual major medical here.
Robert B. Pollock: I'm talking -- that's what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about for us particularly, I'm talking about for the whole market.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then to -- it has been rumored that Assurant -- I guess, talk -- Assurant, among others, has been very, very active in renewing individual major medical policies off the original renewal dates. Could you discuss that?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. I think the big key is there's a lot of uncertainty surrounding health care reform, and we have a lot of customers who are seeking clarity and certainty on how to deal with things. And we certainly have a program in place that allows new customers a line of sight on keeping their business under current arrangements through December 14, I believe. And I'm sure some of that may be spilling over to the existing in-force as well. I think it's largely geared towards new buyers, but I think it's probably gone that way as well.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So my question, then, is to what extent did that -- because you talked about the access products, what have you. Was that a major player in the increase in sales and premium in the quarter?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, so I think about things 2 ways. First is the access versus major medical is really a suitability decision, Steven, around assessing the buyer's needs. And a lot of that is around affordability, okay? I certainly think that buyers in the marketplace who look for having clarity around their major medical purchase through the -- late into '14 certainly helped us. It helped us drive sales. But as well, with that, our rollout with Aetna's certainly helped us be more competitive in all the major medical markets, and that's been a contributor, too. And then I'd also add, we've worked hard to help distributors understand how things are going to work, and I think a lot of them are appreciative of that and see opportunities for themselves in the health marketplace as a result.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: One more, if I may, back on Specialty Property. The -- your premiums were up very -- not gross written premium, gross earned premium. Up very, very nicely sequentially. Yet, if you look at the number of loans that you track, multiply that by the placement rate, the number of loans that you have insured probably didn't increase, maybe slightly decreased, maybe slightly increased because from the first quarter, yet you had that nice surge in premiums. Also, the total insured value fell. So is that increase that we saw sequentially, is that really renters?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So lots of different things in there, but I think the first is that we've added 900,000 loans. They're not producing yet. And I think similarly, when we added some loans in the first quarter into the totals, they were only producing a little bit. So we're trying to give you a representation on the number of tracked loans. I think it then needs to be distilled a little into which of those are producing or not producing. But then if we move over to our renters area, we are seeing very nice growth in that business and feel good about the prospects there as well. We've mentioned that things are up in all our different products in the property area. So, I think, progress on all fronts.
Michael John Peninger: And until you get the loans on board, you don't have a clear line of sight as to the sort of the placement rate characteristics of those either, Steven. So that just introduces a little bit of uncertainty in looking forward, too.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. I understand that, Mike. The -- where I was getting at here was that if you were to take a look at the loans that you track, I'm assuming those are considered on board, or I've always thought that's what that meant. And then you multiply that by the placement rate, the number of actual loans being insured didn't change between the first quarter and the second quarter.
Robert B. Pollock: I think in a steady inventory situation, that would be true, Steven. With all the movement we have going on in these portfolios, we have to go through a letter cycle before they might produce. You just introduce a lot of vagary into some of the placement rate numbers.
Michael John Peninger: And the timing of when the loans come on, and then what's happening with the legacy policies, as well, all those things. You're doing a method there that makes sense conceptually, but there's just a lot of detail under the covers when you try to convert some of those broad, aggregate indicators we give you and try to translate them into the actual income statement. It's just a little bit complicated by a lot of timing issues.
Operator: And we'll go next to Sean Dargan with Macquarie.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: I have a question about Solutions and your mobile program with T-Mobile. I mean, I think you alluded to it, but it seems like we're going through a fundamental shift in the way subscribers buy phones in this country. So can you just describe how that works? I mean, why would I buy a warranty if I can just get -- or buy a newer phone 6 months from now with no penalty?
Robert B. Pollock: I mean, a couple of things. I think your first point is absolutely an issue that's going on, which is the phone and how it's paid for has been a part of the monthly service fee. And I think that, that's something all carriers are reviewing and trying to figure out, are there different ways to deal with that, okay? So I think that one trend is, "Hey, I have to buy a plan and I get the phone at a subsidized rate." I think carriers are reviewing all that and saying, "Are there different ways to do that?" Okay? Now I'd separate that from -- in terms of the warranty, it's not just a warranty. There's a lot of things involved in the services we provide. So I would say that trying to look at just the warranty aspect maybe isn't the right way to think about it. I think it might be to think about, "How do I protect my data, how do I make sure I have that phone to me immediately?" All these different components start to work in. "Gee, I want to trade in the phone that maybe I'm paying for myself. How does that work?" All that is wrapped up into this kind of program that T-Mobile's introduced.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then when we think about the portfolio adds that you've been having in recent quarters in the Specialty Property, what's driving that? I mean, where are they coming from, and why would somebody not want those portfolios?
Michael John Peninger: Well, we think we do a great job at servicing our clients. We've been at this for a long time. We've got the systems and processes, and I think our clients are very happy with our service. So whenever there's sort of RFPs, we feel real good about our chances of winning business through the RFP process. And then you've also got different servicers and banks out there that are making decisions about their own portfolios, and so sometimes they'll decide to sell the servicing rates or move the servicing rates. And so by our presence in the market, we often are able to win as -- grow along with our clients because we stay aligned with the industry leaders in the marketplace.
Robert B. Pollock: That's right. So I mean, if you put that at a big macro level, the money center banks have capital requirements related to the mortgage servicing rates. And I think all the time, they're trying to evaluate that capital requirement. And some of them have made decisions to sell loan portfolios to free up capital that's required to be held around the mortgage servicing rights, and the buyers of those are other specialty servicers. And we've got good alignment there.
Operator: And we'll go last to Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe just to focus on the one segment that hasn't really been asked about, Employee Benefits, which I know it's a similar ROE goal as Solutions. But obviously, it's farther behind in terms of the ROE progress. Maybe from a high level, you could help us think about the trajectory of that and when we could start to thinking about getting to a 14% goal in terms of high level, and maybe more detail, then, on the immediate -- the recent rise in rates and how you think about that in terms of your reserve and discount rate, which I know is flat for this quarter.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, let me start at a high level, and then Mike can give some more detailed comments on that. But we're making a big push into the voluntary marketplace. We believe that those products are less capital-intensive than traditional disability. We've also been emphasizing dental. Again, similarly, a lower capital requirement commitment. Mike, do you want to talk about LTV?
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I think when you look at benefits, certainly in the near term, they're pressured a little bit in the disability business. We've talked about recovery rates in the small employer space. We look typically at our discount rate annually when we -- sort of in the fourth quarter, we review our reserve assumptions and things like that. We made a change last year, and we'll look at it again this quarter. But more fundamentally, I think, for benefits, I mean, we have a scale issue with benefits. They need to grow in that voluntary space, as Rob talked about. We think that's a very attractive space. We continue to believe that the work we're doing at Benefits to improve our enrollment processes and administrative support for the voluntary business is resonating with small employers and that the issues around small employers struggling with medical, and so they increasingly look to voluntary products for their -- or voluntary mechanisms for their ancillary products, we think we're gaining traction there. And we think that, that administrative and enrollment complexity is something that no one has solved, and we think we're ahead of the pack there. So we really feel good about the prospects of -- in the voluntary space for benefits going forward. So to your point, we've got to see the growth in voluntary. And hopefully, as the economy strengthens, return-to-work rates will improve, and that will help the disability. And then in dental, we've got one of the leading networks. Dental is a highly valued product among employees, and we're seeing great results there. And then we'll continue to drive toward, as with all of our businesses, optimizing the capital within employee benefits, too.
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on key milestones in the months ahead. Please reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with additional questions.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Robert B. Pollock - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Michael John Peninger - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christopher J. Pagano - Chief Investment Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and President of Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to Assurant's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thank you, Zach, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2013 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our first quarter 2013 results. Both the release and corresponding financial supplement are available at assurant.com. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike, with Chris participating in the Q&A session. Some of the statements we make on today's call may be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected are provided in yesterday's news release, as well as in our SEC reports including our 2012 Form 10-K and upcoming first quarter 2013 10-Q. Today's call also will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the 2, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted at assurant.com. Now I will turn the call over to Rob.
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, we continued to build our foundation for profitable growth. While earnings were down, we expanded and further adapted our business in several areas to address market needs. For example, at Assurant Solutions, we're growing premiums and taking expense actions in underperforming areas to further improve efficiency. At Specialty Property, we're growing our track loan portfolio, moving ahead with the implementation of our new product and resolving lender-placed matters. At Health, we're executing on our strategy centered on affordable and accessible products as details of health care reform are finalized. And at Employee Benefits, we're gaining momentum in our voluntary products through targeted distribution. These represent several of the actions we're taking to advance long-term growth, enhance profitability and help consumers protect what matters most for them. Let me now update you on our key performance metrics for the quarter. Annualized operating return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, or AOCI, was 10%. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI increased by 2%, and net earned premiums and fees increased by 4%, driven by growth at Solutions and Specialty Property. Our capital position provides us great flexibility, which was further enhanced by our recent debt offering. We continue to regard our stock as attractively priced and believe repurchases are a prudent use of capital. Through April 19, share buybacks for 2013 totaled $96 million. Share repurchase activity in the first quarter was affected by settlement discussions with the New York Department of Financial Services. We resumed buybacks following the agreement. Returning cash to investors is an integral part of our disciplined approach to capital management. Our segments generate free cash flow that will allow us to both return capital to shareholders and make ongoing investments to build our business. Now I'll offer some updates on each of our businesses. Assurant Solutions remains focused on achieving a 14% ROE in 2014. Returns in domestic service contracts continue to exceed our target. On the new business front, our vehicle service contract business benefited from a rebounding U.S. auto market. Looking ahead, we expect mobile to become an increasingly important contributor to our results. We are making steady progress in growing our mobile franchise by developing innovative offerings and expanding relationships with existing clients. During the quarter, we launched a small but important program with TIM, the largest mobile carrier in Italy, allowing us to broaden our mobile footprint in Europe. In Latin America, the rollout of our Telefónica partnership continues and is going well. Achieving our 14% ROE goal will require continued expense management. While the U.K. narrowed its operating loss in the first quarter, macroeconomic conditions remain challenging. We are committed to meeting our goal of U.K. profitability in the third quarter, but it will require further expense reductions. At Assurant Specialty Property, we are pleased by the continued progress in our multifamily housing business. We now provide our renters and resident bond products through many of the nation's largest property managers. We believe we can expand this business even further in the future. Revenues also increased in our lender-placed business. We now provide insurance and related services for nearly 33 million loans. This represents a 16% increase from the first quarter of last year, even though we believe the nationwide inventory of mortgage loans declined over that period. Our strategy of aligning with market leaders continues to pay off. In the next 2 quarters, we will add another 900,000 loans from portfolio acquisitions by 2 of our clients. Our growth is a testament to our robust capabilities, rigorous processes and high-quality service. The rollout of our new lender-placed product is on track and will be implemented in 28 states by the end of the second quarter. Our new product forms and rates submitted to New York in March are pending review. In Florida, we will participate in a rate review next month to discuss our previously submitted filing. During the quarter, the FHFA issued a notice of several potential changes to lender-placed insurance on GSE loans, such as the elimination of commissions and client reinsurance. We anticipate FHFA will publish final regulations later this year. We believe our new product offers solutions to the issues that emerged in the wake of the housing crisis and provides additional flexibility for mortgage servicers. As a leader, we have the capacity, expertise and capabilities to support both our clients and the GSEs as the housing market evolves. At Assurant Health, we posted a net operating loss for the quarter that was driven by an increased tax liability related to the health care reform. At the same time, Health total sales grew for the fourth consecutive quarter, affirming that choice and affordability are important to consumers. Major medical product sales increased as we benefited from our network partnership with Aetna. Sales of health access and supplemental products now comprise an increasing portion of total sales. We're encouraged by our sales momentum. We're moving ahead with a new suite of products to cover the essential health benefits required in 2014. We continue to believe our broad product portfolio allows us to meet a variety of consumer preferences. At Assurant Employee Benefits, our easy-to-use administrative and enrollment systems give us a competitive advantage in the small employer market. We were encouraged that new business sales increased 19% over the first quarter of 2012. Key drivers of this growth were our enhanced demo network and expanding relationships with key brokers, including those focused on voluntary offerings. Looking ahead, we remain committed to achieving steady improvements across each of our businesses by meeting the needs of consumers and clients, and, in turn, delivering long-term value to our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn to Mike for more detailed comments on our results.
Michael John Peninger: Thanks, Rob. I'll start with Assurant Solutions, where net operating income declined by $6 million year-over-year, excluding a $2.4 million disclosed item in the first quarter of 2012. Higher mortality in our preneed business and the previously disclosed loss of a mobile client contributed to the decline. Mortality experience can vary by quarter, and we expect preneed's results to improve during the rest of the year. Domestic net earned premiums and fees increased significantly, primarily due to accelerated growth at a large service contract client. Our vehicle service contract business also grew as auto sales continued to rebound. This premium growth offset declines in other accounts, including the lost mobile account. We continue to expect modest growth in domestic premiums and fees over the rest of the year. Continued expansion in Latin America across all products and the previous expense management efforts in Europe drove a 90 basis point improvement in the international combined ratio, excluding the first quarter 2012 disclosed item. Our international operations remain on track to deliver a 100 to 200 basis point improvement in the combined ratio for the full year, excluding disclosed items. In the U.S., our combined ratio was 96.9% for the quarter, a slight increase from the prior year but well below our long-term target of 98%, as expense actions taken last year are improving results. At Specialty Property, net operating income declined year-over-year. The decrease was driven by the $14 million settlement agreement in New York, $5.6 million of losses from hailstorms in the southeast and $4.4 million of unfavorable loss development from Superstorm Sandy. Significant loan volume growth during the past year contributed to higher expenses in the quarter as we expanded capacity to service new loans. Excluding these factors, Specialty Property's underlying results were solid, demonstrating our leading market position. Net earned premiums and fees increased by 9% due to premium production from lender-placed loan portfolios added in 2012 and contributions from multifamily housing products. Our placement rate in the first quarter remained elevated at 2.89%, largely driven by loan portfolios acquired in the fourth quarter of 2012. Absent these loans, placement rates would have declined slightly. We onboarded 1.7 million loans in the first quarter. And as Rob mentioned, we expect to add another 900,000 loans over the next 2 quarters. These 2.6 million new loans will produce premiums starting later this year. The changing composition of our loan portfolio, combined with macro trends, will lead to lower placement rates in the future; however, the new loans will help sustain our revenues over the course of 2013. Given the increase in loan volume, we now expect our expense ratio, excluding disclosed items, to increase versus 2012 as we further expand capacity to support this growth and continue to enhance our customer service capabilities. We will update you later on our further progress at Specialty Property once we roll out our new lender-placed insurance product in other states and see the FHFA's final regulations. Assurant Health reported a net operating loss for the quarter, reflecting the continued impact of health care reform. We increased our estimate of compensation expenses that are nondeductible under the Affordable Care Act. This change in estimate resulted in a $10 million addition to our income tax expense in the first quarter. Pretax earnings were in line with our expectations. In the first quarter, Health earned $14.5 million compared to $19.5 million in the first quarter of 2012. The decrease was driven by the continuing decline in individual major medical premiums and fewer small group lives. We are pleased with recent sales momentum, which has moderated the rate of revenue decline compared to past quarters. Also total insured lives continues to grow. Going forward, we expect our effective tax rate to remain very high during the rest of 2013. This is primarily due to higher nondeductible compensation expenses and comparatively lower pretax earnings in 2012. For the full year, we now expect a modest after-tax profit in Health. In the near term, we consider pretax earnings a better gauge of underlying potential of the business than after-tax results. We continue to believe that the long-term prospects for Health are favorable. We are building a product and distribution platform that will enable us to serve markets that should grow significantly as reform unfolds. At the same time, we will continue to manage our expenses and capital efficiently. As the business grows and pretax earnings increase, effective tax rates will moderate, leading to attractive after-tax returns for shareholders. At Employee Benefits, investment income declined due to continued low yields and fewer invested assets. This decrease, along with the reduction in the discount rate for new long-term disability claim reserves, reduced segment profitability. As in preneed, we experienced higher mortality in the first quarter, but this was entirely offset by continued strong dental experience. Disability incidents and recovery rates remained stable during the quarter. Net earned premiums and fees declined modestly due to the residual impact of the previously disclosed loss of 2 disability clients last year. For 2013 overall, we still expect net earned premiums and fees to be in line with 2012 due to continued growth in voluntary products. Expense and capital management will remain a focus throughout the year. Turning to corporate matters. We recently issued $700 million of debt at attractive yields. We set aside $500 million of the proceeds to repay our 2014 notes when they mature next February. The additional debt will increase our after-tax interest expense by $11 million in 2013. However, after the 2014 notes mature, our after-tax interest expense will decrease by about $3 million a year, even with the additional $200 million of debt. We continue to manage our capital prudently. Consistent with prior years, we took a modest $21 million of dividends from the operating companies in the first quarter. We still anticipate that dividends for the full year will equal operating earnings. As always, dividends may vary depending on the capital needs of the businesses and rating agency requirements. For the full year, we continue to expect our Corporate segment operating loss to be in the range of $65 million to $70 million, excluding $50 million of after-tax interest expense and roughly $11 million of after-tax benefit from amortization of deferred gains. In summary, while we had some challenges in the quarter, the underlying results in our targeted growth areas are encouraging. Profitable growth, ongoing expense management and prudent capital deployment remain key priorities. We look forward to continued progress over the rest of the year. And with that, I'll ask the operator to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, first question just on Health. Obviously, there's a lot kind of going on with reform and moving pieces. And just wanted to kind of get your assessment of this business in terms of continuing to be kind of a specialty focus for you guys or what other opportunities you would consider with that segment?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. So let's go back to when the Affordable Care Act was passed. We evaluated options for the business and concluded our best option was to modify our strategy, focus on affordability and choice, and, quite frankly, I think we've been very pleased with our results today. We said that things were going to be somewhat discontinuous on the results side because the Affordable Care Act provisions would come in over time. But we still feel very positive about where we are in that progression. The sales are up quite a bit, which shows that our product suite is resonating with buyers. And I think the other thing we said is we believe that once all reform is through, and that really won't be done until the end of '14, we're going to have a business that we think we can grow and we think we can earn attractive returns in. And I would say, to date, we are pleased with the results. Remember, in this business, this is not a capital intense business, and so the returns we need to earn on the capital base can produce quite good returns in this segment. And I think we feel quite good about where we are.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the debt offering, I mean, obviously, you have a fair amount of capital already, and you're putting some of that to work here in April. I guess the incremental $200 million of debt, recognizing sort of opportunistic in terms of the cost of that, but how should we be thinking about the avenues you're exploring to kind of put that debt to work?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. Let me make a couple of comments. I'll turn it over to Chris. I think we've demonstrated that we are very disciplined in our approach to capital management and take deployment very seriously. We obviously had debt that matures in 2014 and we needed to look at how we deal with that going forward. Chris, maybe you can provide some perspective on that.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, Chris. I think I guess the important point to make here is nothing's really changed with respect to our strategy around capital. As we mentioned in the remarks earlier, the incremental $200 million is not leading to an increase in our after-tax interest expense, so there's no expense-related component of having the extra debt. We have talked about having extra -- the opportunity put on incremental leverage. We saw an opportunity in the market. We felt like we got some very long-term attractive yields on the debt. But I don't think -- and as Rob mentioned, we're going to continue to be disciplined. We have deployable capital in the form of cash on the balance sheet. We've got operating earnings that we believe we can get at over the course of the year. So tremendous amount of financial flexibility. In terms of deployment, again, the priorities haven't changed, capitalize the operating companies, look for profitable growth opportunities either organically or through M&A and return capital to shareholders, which we've demonstrated that we're willing to do over the last several years. And given where the stock is trading right now, we believe it's very attractive and that it continues to be a prudent use of our deployable capital. So again, those are messages that we have reiterated over the last dozen or so quarters, and it continues to be our strategy going forward.
Christopher Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it'd be sort of opportunistic around kind of the price versus sort of an imminent need to kind of do a transaction or anything like that at this point?
Christopher J. Pagano: Again, I think again, we looked at the market at the time we felt like there was an opportunity to put some modest leverage at no incremental cost in terms of interest expense and view that capital as another -- just additional amount of capital on the balance sheet for deployment.
Operator: We will take our next question from Seth Weiss with Bank of America.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I want to ask a few questions on Specialty Property and what guidance contemplates in terms of rate action, just to get clarity on that. So if you have 28 states with new product filed and you have rate reviews coming up in New York and Florida, if we look at the guidance that you have in place right now for modestly rising premium increases, where does that contemplate in terms of all those moving parts?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, we've certainly factored the change that went into effect in California. We have rate discussions as a normal course in many states. Those are sort of state-specific. I think the important thing is we try to balance all that we know about volume growth from new loans, rates, various other factors. All those things go into our overall outlook that revenue is going to be up a bit this year.
Christopher J. Pagano: And I'd just add to all of that, what Mike said, we filed in each of the states. We certainly have tried to reflect the experience of the states, which in some cases means there were probably modest declines that were filed through in some of those states. But a key component, Seth, is who actually ends up with our product, and that's something that changes over time. We've seen that over the last few years.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just in terms of Florida, I think this is the one that a lot of us are specifically watching out for. I believe you filed for a flat rate in your March filing. That's obviously different than what QBE was eventually able to push through on their side. I know it's a little bit of a different situation, but curious if you could just sort of comment on QBE's eventual 19% rate decline there versus what you filed with.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, yes. Sorry, we really can't comment on QBE's filings. What we do, as we do in every state, is go through a lot of actuarial analysis around the specifics of our exposure and the various components of our rate filings until we feel good about the rates we filed for. We've seen over time when we've acquired new loans that our rates in Florida have been quite competitive in the marketplace. So overall, we certainly will be going through the review process with Florida, but we feel like we've given a very -- we have a very solid analysis behind our filing.
Seth Weiss - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just one more, if I could, and this is just a sort of a numbers question. If we think about how much has been filed and approved for versus what's still in the pipeline with -- I believe about 14 states still in the pipeline and, of course, New York and California. In terms of the total premium base, how much of that rate is now sort of more in a final state versus how much more will be pushed through the next couple of quarters if we think about in terms of the premium base?
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, I guess a couple of points here I think that we've said. We're not done in Florida; Florida is our biggest state. New York is a sizable piece of our volume, as well. But I think the other key thing is -- implementation is the key here versus approval because there's a lot of work required to be able to administer these new rates across a servicer's portfolio and provide them with the flexibility our new product provides. So again, we have to do that in stages, and we're going to introduce those additional states in the second quarter. We plan to have them all done by the end of the year, and as we pointed out previously, we think our revenues will be up during 2013.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just going back to Health. I guess the question is you alluded to focusing on pretax as a gauge for the earnings. I'm trying to understand that comment in the context of, does something structurally happen beyond '13 that maybe mitigates the longer-term impact of this tax impact -- tax implication?
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I think what I was trying to get at, Mark, is when you think about the effective rate for the tax rate for the business, you really sort of think about a couple of things. One is the pretax earnings and then, what are the non -- the expenses that are nondeductible under the Affordable Care Act. And while pretax earnings are lower than ultimately they will be once the business is through the reform transition, the effective tax rate will be lower at that point. So that's why we really think pretax is a good -- a better gauge in the near term, as opposed to saying after-tax with these very high effective tax rates that we're reporting.
Robert B. Pollock: So -- and just to add to what Mike said. If we think about this a little bit, our sales are up, but we're still seeing a decline in year-over-year premiums. We think that -- we're optimistic we can get that to shift. We think when all the provisions are implemented, the market will grow. And therefore, right to what Mike said, we're going to have the opportunity to increase our pretax earnings, which will help alleviate this whole issue.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay -- so the takeaway is that there's nothing that structurally or otherwise can be done to moderate this, I don't know, $4 million, $5 million impact a quarter other than growing into this bigger knot.
Robert B. Pollock: We've chosen to illustrate it in the Health segment. If we were an all health company, it would be spread over the whole thing. We could've spread it over all our segments. We just happen to put it in Health.
Michael John Peninger: But that is -- we are applying the provisions of the Affordable Care Act, Mark. So there will be this element of nondeductible expenses. And as Rob said, I do want to emphasize that if we were entirely a health company of our same overall size, the effect of this would be much less noticeable because it adds -- I think if you think about our corporate effective tax rate overall, this adds somewhere in the vicinity of 50 basis points or 50 to 100 basis points or something like that. But we choose for, just to give you a better insight, to sort of apply the whole cost of that in the Health segment.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. So this doesn't in any way change your view of the business model going forward in terms of participation in exchanges, continuing to offer major medical versus the affordable product, et cetera?
Michael John Peninger: That's correct. We think it's an attractive market. We think it will grow and, again, we'll point out again the capital requirements in this business are not that much.
A. Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just my final question is can you just talk a little bit about the Employee Benefits segment? Earnings were a little bit soft, expenses high. What's the outlook on this? Is there anything in the quarter that we should be paying attention to outside of the discount rate adjustment?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, as we commented, our life mortality was high and we see that periodically. Mortality on a life block of our size can vary so we had a fair amount of life claims in the quarter. I don't infer any kind of a trend for that. Dental, we continue to be very pleased with the earnings and the growth in that product. The other thing I think actually expenses for benefits are -- they're pretty carefully managed there. You're seeing a little bit of impact on the expense ratio because of the continued impact of we lost a couple of large disability clients that we've talked about in the past that -- so the top line is suffering the impact of that, which affects the expense ratio. But overall, we expect life to normalize. We continue to think dental is going very well. Voluntary sales are growing. So lots of reasons to feel optimistic about Benefits outlook.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have a question. A little bit following up on Seth's question on the premiums that have been -- that you expect anyway to be approved or to be rolled out through the 28 states by the end of the second quarter. I'm just wondering if you can give us some help, I mean, without specifically knowing what servicers are going to choose to do with the more flexible product. If we just look at it on your premium base today, about what percentage of your premiums is reflected with these 28 states?
Robert B. Pollock: As we mentioned in the fourth quarter, we started with smaller states. I think that continued, and, John, you know that our biggest states are pending, clearly Florida. That all being said, I think that we'll have them all implemented by the end of the year. I think that we'll have resolution on where we are in Florida by the end of the second quarter. And we'll be able to provide more fuller details as the market unfolds. In terms of provisions with servicers, one of the great things about the new product is it affords servicers choices, and we're going to have to see how those unfold. It also provides us with the capability to handle things that are contemplated both in the New York settlement and the FHFA. Last thing I'd just say there is the servicers do a lot of things around the process, including performing important billing and collection features. So we'll work with them as this all works through to provide a smooth transition to everyone involved.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I have a hypothetical for you. The New York settlement is obviously saying no more of these reinsurance or coinsurance arrangements with the lenders or servicers. The FHFA seems to be moving in that direction. And obviously, New York is lobbying hard every other state to incorporate a couple of these items, including that elimination of the sharing of premiums, I guess they call it. To the extent that, that gets passed all the way through, in your entire book you're no longer able to share those premiums or coinsure with your servicers, how much premium comes back from that? Because I know you comingle that amount with the flood program with the government, and it's just we don't know what portion relates to the lender-placed business. Can you give us some help on that?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. Well, first, we only have, as we've mentioned previously, reinsurance with that small handful of clients, okay? It's full risk transfer that they participated in. So I'll let Mike amplify, but this will have implications on capital requirements in the business. It's a subset of the total you've mentioned, John. And Mike, you just want to talk?
Michael John Peninger: Really, we haven't chosen to break that out, John, and I think once all these regs come clear, it will play out.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And is it enough in terms of dollars of premiums that if this did play out that way and you recaptured all those premiums, is it enough that it would perhaps change your reinsurance program significantly? I mean, I assume there's still more than enough capacity from a pure sort of catastrophe reinsurance program perspective that this wouldn't really be a problem.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Chris, you want to comment on that?
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes. I think from the perspective of the program, I don't anticipate this leading to any changes in how we structure our program, and we'll comment more on that in the second quarter once we finish the placement. But as Mike mentioned, this would affect our capital holding. We would need to hold incremental capital at the property segment, kind of the rule of thumb is 50% of premium. And again, as this unfolds, we'll adjust accordingly.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: But it's fair to assume that -- I mean, if you're -- if this is really true full risk transfer, then, frankly, your margin on those premiums that you recapture shouldn't really change, correct?
Robert B. Pollock: That's correct.
John M. Nadel - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. Last question for you is this. I mean, you touched on a little bit in terms of pay is to buybacks earlier and, obviously, a ton of capital flexibility. I know we've got a reset over time on the size of the Specialty Property business, but can you help us with some insights maybe into how you and the board have thought about or discussed dividend policy? Because it seems to me that there's a real opportunity at Assurant to create a -- well, I guess I'll say it this way more succinctly, to put a significant yield on the stock that can very well be supported by free cash flow, even if or even when Specialty Property earnings reset lower.
Robert B. Pollock: Okay. So the first thing is we've increased our dividend every year since we've been a public company, and I believe when we first went public, that dividend was $0.07 a quarter. It's now $0.21 a quarter. I think if you look at all the players in the financial services area, we're one of a small handful who've increased their dividend every year. So we've not been shy about increasing our dividend over time. Chris, you could just elaborate on how you view the use of cash dividend versus other deployment.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, sure. And again, John, just another comment on the dividend policy. That is typically, per policy, we have that conversation in the second quarter with the board. We're going to have to do that in the upcoming meeting. Other alternatives, a one-time special dividend is certainly out there, might have some short-term benefit but our capital management policy is focused on the long term. And when we have the opportunity to repurchase stock at a 15% discount to book value, which is roughly where it's trading right now, we think that's the better use of deployable capital and will contribute to long-term -- the growth of long-term shareholder value. So we consider all of the things that you're talking about. We feel very comfortable, though, with our policy at this point. And again, we believe the stock's attractive and have been back in the market and continue to believe it's a good use of the capital we have at the holding company.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sean Dargan with Macquarie Securities.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: I have a couple of questions about Specialty Property. First, the uptick in the expense ratio, which you attribute to the new loan portfolios, is that kind of a run rate expense ratio we should expect throughout the rest of the year?
Michael John Peninger: Well, there's a lot of expenses associated with onboarding the loan, Sean, and we've got a couple of things going on, just adding the loans, getting them onto the system, and then you've got -- going forward, you've got the service requirement for those. And we're certainly committed to maintaining the highest levels of service that we've had in the past, so that requires a certain amount of staff to do that. We have a very sophisticated system that helps us in this. So there's -- they're not all purely variable cost, but there are certainly some of those, and we want to be sure that we're maintaining our customer service levels.
Robert B. Pollock: And some of those expenses come before the premium shows up. And that's always been how this business has worked and I think will continue to. So these portfolio additions are not coming from existing clients, which is a little bit different than if they come from someone we have already. There's expenses if we lose from one of our clients but it goes to another. We know all the processes, procedures. We know something about the loans. When they come from a portfolio we don't have, there's more work involved.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess why did net written premiums and gross -- or I'm sorry, gross written premiums and net earned premiums decline sequentially? I would have thought, given the onboarding, that, that line would have ticked up?
Christopher J. Pagano: The onboarding, the reason -- the premium results can sort of vary as you're adding loan portfolio, Sean, because it depends on whether the loans are flat canceled versus coming on at renewal. And so when -- and also since our coverage is effective when the date of prior policy, the voluntary policy lapse. Sometimes you get extra premium when it comes on board, which distorts the quarterly pattern of premiums.
Robert B. Pollock: But we add that over time. And I think one of the things to remember is we've added 1.7 million loans that you see in our totals here that have not yet produced premium but will later in the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Along that same line, the 900,000 loans that you're going to be bringing on, are those going to be flat canceled?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, they are.
Mark D. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in the voluntary business, you've had a couple of very strong quarters in a row. What is the sustainability of that? Is that because the brokers are charged up to sell those products? Is there underlying demand that is that strong? What's happening there?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Well, we think that to those couple of things. One, I would say that our brokers are, in fact, more interested in voluntary because a lot of this is driven by the continued and sort of relentless increase in medical costs, which have small employers and brokers actually more interested in the voluntary benefits or the voluntary platform as a way to provide their employees with a good solid benefit package. And we really think that in addition to having a broad product suite, we have the system's capabilities and the technology to interface with the employer systems to make voluntary a very easy to offer package for small employers because one of the real challenges in the voluntary business is the administrative complexity of it. And we think that's where we have a better mousetrap. And I think that's starting to resonate in the market.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Going back on -- actually, the last 2 questions were kind of what I wanted to get to. The growth in the loan's track of Specialty Property in the quarter was substantial, more than I was expecting. That increase came from where?
Michael John Peninger: Well, we added 1.7 million in the quarter. I think we had talked about 1.3 million. We had another 400,000 that came in and then we had the 900,000 portfolio that Rob alluded to in his prepared remarks.
Robert B. Pollock: And just remember that we have not had premium on those loans yet come through.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I'm getting a little bit confused here. Flat cancel, they cancel and give them to you; is that accurate?
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. I mean, look, in essence, the policy and new offering will go out. We'll have to make sure that they don't have coverage elsewhere. And if that's the case, then we will start earning immediately.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So -- but you just told me you weren't earning immediately.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, that's right. That's because we have included the things. But we've got to run things through our latter cycle so we know that those loans are there, but they've got to run through our latter cycle. We have to verify that they don't have coverage elsewhere. And when that happens, we'll start earning the premium.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the new loans do not affect your -- they artificially lower the placement rate; is that an accurate statement?
Robert B. Pollock: No. We've adjusted for that in the rate we've provided, yes.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the placement rate on the new 900,000? Would you say that...
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Those are coming from clients where we don't really have a line of sight, Steven. So we'll onboard them, and once we've done that, we should have a line of sight on what will happen.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the discount rate adjustment and Employee Benefits, the drag on earnings from that was how much in the quarter?
Robert B. Pollock: It's about $1 million.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: About $1 million. Okay.
Operator: We'll take our last question from John Hall with Wells Fargo.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have a sort of a longer view question and something that I've been wrestling with as I look farther out '13 into '14, is really how to understand the rate at which the placement rate ultimately comes down on the Specialty Property book of business. I guess it was 2.89% this quarter, up by as a result of the new loans brought on. But how should we think about -- as the real estate market recovers, is there any sort of period in time historically that you can point us back to, where you've got some data that says as foreclosures improve, and the like, the rate came down from X to Y over some period of time.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So if you go back and look at our 2011 Investor Day, we tried to provide some insight into that, John. I would say at that point in time, we thought it would be over a 5-year period, and you'd see placement rates trend back to 2006 levels, okay? Now what's changed since then? Because there's a couple of things here that in my mind are macro factors that are difficult to predict. And one is unemployment in the economy and as that remains elevated, I think placement rates stay up. I think a second is the number of seriously delinquent loans, some of which just relates to government policy and how they want to deal with those things. There have been a lot of policy around preventing foreclosure. I don't think we could've foreseen that. I think that's probably kept our placement rates up a bit too. I think the other one we're seeing that we didn't at the time, however, is also how voluntary carriers are dealing with their business in CAT-prone areas. Because we do have an overrepresentation in the CAT-prone areas because often coverage isn't available. So I think those are 3 factors that are driving things. I'd also point back to the comment Mike made, which is if you took out those loans we didn't have in 2012, our placement rate was down modestly in the quarter. And so we are seeing signs that, that it's happening and we expect it will happen as the economy improves.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess as we think about what you provided back at the Analyst Day, that 5-year time frame, is that still the time frame over decline that you'd be thinking about now?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, I haven't been very good at predicting this, John, so let's start with that. To me, it's been up and I think one of the reasons it's up is that last factor I brought up. And so I think it's very difficult for us to be able to assess how it will come down. But the other way I look at that is we've also added quite a few loans to the portfolio since we rolled that information out. Great. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on key milestones in the months ahead. And please feel free to reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with any additional questions you might have.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-07 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Rob Pollock - President & CEO Mike Peninger – CFO Chris Pagano - Chief Investment Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Jimmy [Inaudible] John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Equities Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates Mark Hughes – Suntrust Seth Weiss – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch 
Operator:  Welcome to Assurant's fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call and webcast. (Operator Instructions). It is now my pleasure to turn the floor to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi:  Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant's conference call are Rob Pollack, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer, and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer.  Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. Both the release and corresponding financial supplement are available at Assurant.com.  All prior period financial information presented in the release in the financial supplement and on this call reflects the new accounting guidelines for deferred acquisition costs, which the company adopted as of January 1st, 2012.  We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike with Chris participating in the Q&A session.  Some of the statements we made on today's call may be forward-looking. And actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's news release as well as in our SEC reports including our 2011 form 10-K, third quarter 2012 form 10-Q, and upcoming 2012 form 10-K. Each is filed with the SEC.  Today's call will also contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted at Assurant.com.  Now I will turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Francesca, and good morning everyone.  In 2012, we accelerated growth in the specialty areas we are targeting for expansion. And align resources to best support these opportunities for the future. We also prudently managed our capital. Our strong balance sheet continues to provide great flexibility. We did this in a year when our results were significantly affected by Super Storm Sandy. As we start the new year, we are well-positioned to grow profitably.  I'll highlight our three key metrics, discuss capital flows, and offer some comments on our progress at each business. Then Mike will talk about specific results for each of our segments.  Operating return on equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI was 10.4% for the year. This includes $163 million of after-tax catastrophe losses.  Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI increased by 13.8% for the year reflecting a combination of our earnings and re-purchase activity. And revenue defined as net earned premium and fee income increased by 2.4% in 2012 driven by strong contributions from specialty property and solutions.  Turning to capital management, we secured $580 million in dividends from our operating companies. This was about $40 million more than the operating income from our businesses in 2012. We returned $472 million to shareholders through stock repurchases and common dividends. Since our ITO in 2004, we've increased our dividend every year. During the fourth quarter, we did not implement a new share repurchase program because of Sandy. It was the largest flood event our business has experienced. By the time we were able to report an estimate of total losses, we had entered our earnings blackout period. Despite this interruption, we did buy almost $11 million shares in 2012 representing about 12% of our shares outstanding at the end of 2011. We continue to view our stock as attractively priced and repurchases as a prudent use of capital.  Now I'll turn to the businesses. Assurant Solutions expanded in several targeted areas. In 2012, our net earned premiums from service contracts increased by over $120 million. Our domestic vehicle service contract business was a primary driver as we continue to benefit from the rebound in auto sales that started in mid-2009.  We further strengthened our position in Latin America, a key market for Solutions. In the fourth quarter, we signed a ten year agreement for service contracts with Novo Mundo, one of the largest retailers in Brazil with more than 180 stores.  At the same time, we continued the phased rollout of our Telefónica partnership and are now servicing their mobile customers across five countries in Latin America.  In addition, we recently expanded our relationship with Sprint by launching a mobile device protection program for Sprint's wholesale network partners.  Solutions sales pipeline is robust. And the business is very focused on achieving its' 14% ROE goal in 2014.  At Assurant Specialty Property, we made tremendous strides in 2012. The investments we've made to better serve homeowners and clients from loan tracking all the way through claims adjudication were evident in our response to Sandy. Our employees quickly brought relief to our policyholders impacted by the storm. The swift deployment of our frontline team insured that claims were processed and paid quickly.  Focusing on customer service and supporting our clients helped us further expand our lender placed business in 2012. Despite a shrinking overall mortgage loan inventory, we were able to increase the loans we track nearly 3 million to over 31 million loans in total. We're well-positioned to gain more as portfolios move between servicers in the months ahead.  Our multi-family housing business, another target area, achieved double-digit revenue growth in 2012. Our resident bond products, which complement our renter's insurance offerings helped us cross-sell our products to existing clients and in turn to their residence. We'll well-positioned to capitalize on the trend of renting versus owing in the U.S. housing market.  We're also pleased with our progress at Assurant Health. Despite a challenging fourth quarter, we grew sales for the third consecutive quarter. We completed the rollout of our network agreement with Aetna with a more competitive products sweep and a broader choice of network providers, we've experienced double-digit sales increases in many key Aetna markets. And we saw a pickup in small group sales that we believe reflect our improved competitive position. Those increases combined with the continued success of our affordable choice and supplement products helped us grow the total number of insured lives by about 6% in 2012.  We will evolve our strategy as new rules related to new rules related to healthcare reform unfold. Currently for example, we're evaluating our options and fine-tuning our strategy related to healthcare exchanges. While preliminary regulations were issued in November, many open questions remain related to timing and availability. As we adapt, we remain confident that our long history in the individual healthcare market and deep customer insights uniquely position us to succeed.  Finally, we were pleased by our strong results at Assurant's Employee Benefits. Several years ago, Benefits strategically focused on voluntary and the shift of small business benefit plans from employer funded to employee paid offerings. We responded by diversifying our product sweep, enhancing our distribution, and rolling out easier to use enrollment and administrative platforms.  In addition, we strengthened our dental network in 2012 with our United Concordia arrangement. We now offer the largest dental PPO network in many markets. The success of this approach is evident in our 2012 results. Voluntary drove about half of benefit sales and over a third of its premiums.  While the economy still presents challenges for small businesses, we believe that our voluntary products and capabilities have us well positioned for success. Overall, we're pleased with our progress in 2012. We see many opportunities to focus on market segments where we can compete differently. Examples include mobile, multi-family housing, voluntary benefits, and affordable healthcare. Achieving steady improvements across all of our businesses is our focus in 2013.  And with that, I'll turn to Mike for more detailed comments on the fourth quarter and the outlook for this year.
Mike Peninger:  Thanks, Rob.  I'll start with Solutions where net operating income for the quarter reflected $28.1 million of previously disclosed charges for U.K. intangible impairments and workforce reduction primarily in our domestic credit and European operations. Absent these items and a non-recurring tax benefit of $3.5 million, net operating income declined in the quarter as weaker domestic results offset continued growth and favorable experience in Latin America.  Several factors contributed to the decline in the U.S. The previously disclosed loss of a mobile client effective last October reduced net earned premiums by about $22 million in the quarter.  Second, we incurred expenses of approximately $5 million in our mobile and vehicle services businesses to enhance our technology platform and support new business growth.  And finally, we saw less favorable underwriting experience in our service contract business.  These factors increased our domestic combined ratio excluding disclosed items to 98.7% for the full year, above our long-term target of 98%. While quarterly experience can fluctuate, we expect the combined ratio to return to the target level in 2013.  In 2012, we saw improved performance in our international operations led by Latin America. Absent disclosed items, European underwriting results also were better. Canadian results remained strong. And we made additional progress in China.  Overall, Solutions international combined ratio excluding the disclosed items was 102.4% for the year, a 160 basis point year-over-year improvement. In 2013, we expect an additional 100 to 200 basis point reduction primarily from profitable growth in Latin America and additional expense initiatives in Europe.  Our pre-need business remains an important contributor to Solutions' overall results. Fee income increased more than 30%. And sales were up by 14% for the year. These results reaffirm our strong relationship with SCI and the value of its broad funeral home network.  Across Solutions, we expect modest increases in both net earned premiums and earnings excluding disclosed items in 2013. This will be driven by a combination of profitable growth and expense management initiatives.  Looking ahead to 2014, Solutions continues to target a 14% ROE. Achieving this goal will require further progress in international especially in Europe. Improved results in the U.K. during 2013 is a critical step. In the fourth quarter, our U.K. operating loss was about $4 million excluding disclosed items. Based on the actions we've taken, we expect lower losses in the first half of the year followed by a small profit in the second half of 2013. We believe we are on track to deliver on this commitment for the U.K. and to continue to improve our overall European results.  Fourth quarter earnings in specialty property were depressed by Sandy. Excluding the impact of the storm, results were strong. Revenue increased by 13% as our loan portfolio continued to grow. Fourth quarter and full year results also benefitted from better non-catastrophe loss experience, which is consistent with reported industry results.  The growth in written premiums was driven by previously disclosed loan portfolio addition and approximately 650,000 of loans newly added in the fourth quarter. Prior coverage on about 200,000 of these loans was flat cancelled, so they began producing premiums in the fourth quarter.  An existing client acquired 300,000 more loans this January, which will increase premiums in the first half of this year as prior coverage will also be flat cancelled.  As a result of the loan activity late last year, our placement rate in the fourth quarter increased by 2.87%. While this is very high by historical standards, it's important to note that absent the impact of the new loan portfolios, the rate would have remained consistent with the third quarter. We expect placement rates in the near term to fluctuate reflecting the state of the housing market and the changing composition of our track loan portfolio. Over time, we continue to expect placement rates to decline.  As a percentage of our portfolio exposed to hurricanes grows, we continue to manage risk prudently. In January, we replaced about 60% of our total 2013 re-insurance program at rates comparable to last year's program. We'll provide an update on the completed program in June.  The impact of our next generation product continues. Feedback from clients is positive in the 14 states where it's already available. And by the end of the second quarter, we expect to implement it in 14 more states. And we'll continue the rollout to other states through the end of this year.  On the regulatory front, our discussion with the New York Department of Financial Services continue. But we do not have new information to share at this time.  In Florida, we've had discussions with the Office of Insurance to introduce the features of our new next generation product. And now expect to file in the first quarter.  On the federal front, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau published its mortgage servicing guidelines in January. These were in line with Dodd Frank and largely consistent with our current practices.  There's been speculation about potential new arrangements for Fanny Mae, but no changes have been announced. We continue to believe that an addition to our new product, we have the capabilities, expertise, and infrastructure to offer solutions to the government's sponsored entities as they work to control the costs of their programs. We'll provide you an updated view of the business once these regulatory matters are resolved. In the meantime, we continue to believe that returns for the business will be attractive, albeit lower in the future.  For 2013, we expect specialty properties revenue to increase slightly from 2012 due to growth in our lender placed portfolio and multi-family housing. Our overall results will continue to be influenced by placement rate trends, premium rate changes, loan portfolio activity, client renewals, and catastrophe losses. We expect our expense ratio to remain approximately level with 2012 as we continue to improve efficiency while further improving client and customer service.  At health, changes in the minimum loss ratio rebate liability significantly affected fourth quarter net operating income. Due to favorable loss experience on certain blocks of business, we increased our MLR rebate accrual in the fourth quarter. The accrual reduced our net operating income by $9.7 million after tax. In contrast, we made a refinement to the MLR calculation that increased net operating income by about $4.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2011.  Several other factors contributed to the drop in net operating income for the quarter. Net earned premiums declined reflecting the continued shift to lower premium products in our individual business and fewer small group insured lives.  Also, as we have priced business with the MLR targets in mind, loss ratios are beginning to move up. Throughout 2012, health continued to tightly manage expenses and reduce its' capital. General expenses excluding commissions declined by 11% in 2012. Due to the low capital intensity of the business, health also was able to contribute approximately $160 million of dividends to corporate in 2012.  In 2013, our loss ratio should continue to trend up toward MLR targets. Our effective tax rate will remain elevated due to limitations imposed by healthcare reform on the deductibility of compensation and certain other payments. We'll continue to look for opportunities to further reduce our cost structure to offset these pressures. But the rate of reductions will be slower than in the past.  Recent sales momentum is encouraging. And we expect to continue to increase in the total number of insured lives in 2013, although the market remains very dynamic.  Taking all these factors into account along with the absence of the substantial 2012 real estate investment income, we expect a decline in health's earnings in 2013. Nevertheless, we remain optimistic that our relentless focus on creating affordable solutions for our consumers will allow us to take advantage of the potentially large market opportunity created by healthcare reform.  Employee benefits posted strong results for the fourth quarter. Net operating income increased 18% over the same period in 2011 due to favorable results across major product lines. Dental experience was especially strong. And disability incidents and recovery rates remained relatively stable throughout the year.  Our results also demonstrated growing momentum in the voluntary benefit space. In order to provide greater insight into our progress, we are now showing voluntary net earned premiums and sales in our financial supplement.  Continuing in our efforts to focus resources, we sold a small subsidiary of benefits that provides disability advocacy services during the fourth quarter. This sale will reduce both fee income and expenses by approximately $8 million per year. But will not impact net operating income.  Overall, we expect 2013 revenues at benefits to be roughly level with 2012 as the continued strength of our voluntary offerings are tempered by limited growth prospects for traditional employer paid coverage.  We plan to lower our reserve discount rate for new long-term disability claims incurred in 2013 by 50 basis points to 4.25%. This will have about a $4 million bottom-line impact. The new discount rate combined with lower investment income will lead to a reduction in segment profitability in 2013. To partially offset these pressures, benefits continues to closely manage its' expenses and capital.  Moving to corporate matters, our capital position is strong. We ended the quarter with approximately $530 million in deployable capital in addition of our $250 million buffer. As Rob noted, following Sandy, we did not repurchase additional shares in the fourth quarter. Going forward, our capital deployment strategy remains the same. We expect to balance returning capital to shareholders with ongoing investments, both to support organic growth and in acquisitions.  For 2013, we anticipate operating and company dividends to approximately equal operating earnings. As always, dividends will be a function of growth in the business, rating agency or regulatory requirements, and investment performance.  Despite low interest rates, our investment portfolio continued to perform well. Our conservative management and low asset turnover helped moderate the pace of the yield decline in our portfolio. However, yields will continue to decline absent changes in the macro environment.  Overall, we are pleased with our 2012 results and progress in creating long-term value for our shareholders.  And with that, we'll ask the operator to open the call for question. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions).  The floor is now open for questions. (Operator instructions). Thank you, and our first question will come from line of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rob Pollock – President & CEO:  Good morning, Chris.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs:  Good morning. I guess first question in terms of the outlook for top line at property. I mean, you note slight increase, but you talk about a few potential factors around placement rates, premium rates. I’m curious if you factor in – or what changes you factor in related to those with the slight uptick for top line growth?
Rob Pollock – President & CEO:  Yes. So, I’ll start and then I’ll let Mike add some collar. Obviously the movement in loan portfolios is driving our top line growth, Chris. And, you know, as Mike pointed out we already know we’ve got another portfolio coming in in the first quarter. I’ll let Mike talk about the mechanics of how different portfolios can come in, but this is driving things, I think it fits in very well with our strategy of being aligned with market leaders. And, you know, we think we’re well positioned as portfolios continue to move around. So, you know, despite that overall inventory of mortgage loans being down, we are growing. Mike, do you want to…
Mike Peninger – CFO:  Yes. I’ll just add a couple things. I mean, we’ve announced several loan portfolio additions over the course of 2012, and then the ones that come in – that I mentioned coming in this quarter, you know, when you get the flat cancel business that, you know, sort of immediately comes on to your books and drives up written premiums in a particular quarter.  Other portfolios, and we had some, I think earlier in 2012 we had 1 million loan portfolios, and another 2 million, and those are coming at renewal. So, those gradually build up over time. So, we try to factor all those things going on, and then make reasonable assumptions about the other factors that drive the growth.
Rob Pollock – President & CEO: And there’s just a great, as you know, variability depending on the portfolio, because some of the ones Mike mentioned had a placement rate of about 1% obviously, you know, higher quality loan portfolios. Placement rate of some of the others are quite a bit higher.
Mike Peninger – CFO: And I’ll just reiterate, the growth in our placement rate was, as Rob said, driven by the changing composition.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Understood. And then does – the premium rate changes, does it contemplate anything beyond what we know from California?
Rob Pollock – President & CEO:   Not specifically. You know, as I said we would certainly if we, you know, get future things that would meaningfully impact our forecast, we’ll give you an update. But I certainly reflect the new product we’ve rolled out that Mike mentioned, and you know, that – we’ve certainly made assumptions on what might happen there related to servicers making decisions around deductibles, or coverage amounts, Chris.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then I guess you’ve obviously been very successful getting cost out of the business. So, I guess I’m surprised that you kind of continue to see expense management opportunities in most of the segments in 2013. So, I wanted to see if you could maybe give us an update of the run-rate cost reductions that you’ve taken out of the business to date, and what the incremental opportunity, you know, could be here as we move forward?
Mike Peninger – CFO: I’ll start, and maybe Rob can [inaudible] if he wants. I think, sort of a business-by-business story, Chris, and we’re constantly working that. And you know, at [inaudible] for example, probably a notable example, where we’ve been working at it for a couple of years. We’ve got some of the easier things, and then as you farther, you get into a more complicated changes like simplifying the systems environment et cetera.  In property, you know, they’ve had cost driven by the substantial growth that they’ve had to, you know, add staff to handle that and maintain the customer service levels. So, now you know, they’re working, their still getting that kind of growth and you know this helps some dampen the impact of that. They’re also investing in their systems and looking for opportunities to become more efficient. And then in Solutions, you know, I think there they took some actions in the fourth quarter. They continue to look for opportunities to streamline their business too. But I think you really have to look at the expense story as an over – a business- by-business on.
Rob Pollock – President & CEO: I think that’s right. And, you know, I guess what I’d add is, that movement of resources to the important areas and away from things that, you know, for instance that Domestic Credit Business. We know that business is going away, we took a lot of expenses out in the fourth quarter, okay. And, you know, we want to make sure we’re putting our resources on the best opportunities.
Mike Peninger – CFO: Yes, and I think – I guess another couple of examples there is in benefits for example, where they’ve essentially taken resources out of that traditional employer paid business, and moved them into the voluntary business. In Solutions, you know, I commented on some of the expenses we incurred in the quarter to build out our technology platform, and (VFC) and in Mobile. And so we’re trying to fund some of those things by, as Rob said, redeploying resources from other areas in the company too.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then last one; I guess last quarter and some prior quarters, you’ve given some insight into share repurchases through the first few weeks of the given quarter. Wondering if you could give us an update for 1Q to date?
Rob Pollock – President & CEO: Sure, let me just start and I’ll turn it over to Chris who can provide all the details. But, one of the big things is, you know, we mentioned we didn’t implement a new repurchase program, because we were blacked out, Chris. And, you know, that blackout will remain in effect through next – sometimes next week I guess, just because of the earnings blackout. I think more important, is to think about, you know, if you sit and look at our business, our businesses generate a lot of free cash flow, and I think we have a history of prudent capital management. And I’m going to let Chris talk a little bit about, you know, just how all that comes together.
Chris Pagano – Chief Investment Officer & Treasurer:  I think, and again, the fourth quarter situation notwithstanding, there’s – absolutely nothing’s changed with our respect to capital management. We continue to execute on our priorities, capitalizing the existing businesses, looking to deploy capital in profitable growth opportunities either organically or through acquisition. And then, return capital to shareholders there through dividends of share repurchase. We continue to believe the shares are undervalued, and that share purchase is a prudent use of deployable capital. And as we begin 2013, we feel very good about our ability to execute on those priorities, $530 million of deployable capital. As Mike mentioned, early estimates are that we’ll be able to dividend operating earnings up to the holding company throughout the course of the year.  And also the ability if we need to on an opportunistic basis access the debt markets in something in the $300 to $400 million if that presented itself. So, we feel very good about our flexibility, but again, most importantly long-term nothing’s changed about capital – our view on capital management and its role in creating long-term shareholder value.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs:  Okay, thanks so much.
Operator:  Our next comes from the site of Jimmy (inaudible)
Jimmy [Inaudible]:  [Inaudible] questions. First one on just the weak performance in the extended service contract business in the U.S. Can you give us some details on the causes of the weakness, whether it’s concentrated at the one product, or a specific distributor, and the chances of it continuing? And then secondly on capital deployment; do you expect any other users for capital deployment other than the share buybacks? And if you are looking at deals, what type of hurdles they’ve have to meet? Given your stock prices, I’d assume that deals would be unlikely, but maybe you could talk about that as well.
Rob Pollock – President & CEO:
Mike Peninger – CFO:  Yes, I’d agree with that. You know, we look at our experience sort of client-by-client in the service contract. And, you know, we had a handful of clients that had, as Rob said; we saw some ticks-up in their loss ratio.  But, part of managing this business is to, you know, look at the loss experience as it emerges, and you know, have regular dialogue with the clients, and implement corrective actions when we see things going off track. So, that’s sort of the process we’re going through now.
Rob Pollock – President & CEO: And then on the capital deployment front, you know, I think Chris summarized well that, you know, there’s no difference in how we’re looking at things, but I’ll let him expand on how we view our capital and deploy it.
Chris Pagano – Chief Investment Officer & Treasurer:  Yes, I think the key to capital deployment and the various uses of our deployable capital is discipline. And we have certain targeted growth areas in each of the segments where we look to – are looking at opportunities on a regular basis. We have specific hurdle rates by business, depending on the risk profile of the opportunity. And then, again, when the opportunities are not there, we are willing and have demonstrated the ability to, and the willingness to return capital to shareholders. We’ve, you know, returned about 1.5 billion over the last three years in the form or share repurchase, another 200 million of dividends.  So, again, I think that’s an indication of our discipline here. We look at a lot of deals. The pipeline is active. We are regularly sourcing, having conversations about growth opportunities, regularly sourcing, having conversations about growth opportunities, but absent those opportunities meeting our financial requirements, we are going to return the capital to shareholders.
Jimmy [Inaudible]:   Okay, thank you.
Operator: We’ll move next to the site of John Nadel, with Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach:   Good morning, everybody. Rob, I want to start with, perhaps, maybe more of a strategic question for you around the lender place business. If I look at your full year results in specialty property, it is clearly driven by the force place business; it was a very strong year, even reflecting the higher catastrophe losses as your ROE was about 27%. So my question is this, given all of the various state and regulatory pressures, the focus around this business, have you considered trying to preempt some of these pressures by submitting proactively for premium rate reductions in conjunction with your next-generation product filings? Why not, instead of reacting, getting out in front of this issue and show folks if it is Fannie or if it is others, that you recognize that the returns are probably unsustainably too high and you are willing to bring them down without someone forcing your hand?
Rob Pollock: Yep, okay. I think, first, John, rating is a state-by-state process, and it is based on A, our experience and what we expect is going to be an indication of experience moving forward. So I think that is quite important. Second, as Mike mentioned, we know that our risk profile is increasing. We just looked at our storm activity this year where we are going to have severe, but infrequent events and we have got to make sure that our premiums reflect that. That being said, our next-generation product provides a lot of flexibility to allow premium rates to be lower and that can come from a majority of different factors. Again, I go back to the other comment Mike made, we understand that returns will be attractive in the business but they are going to be lower, which I think is a reflection of the issue that you have raised that we are trying to be responsive to.  So, saying all of that, we have the capability and expertise that are winning business in a market that overall, probably is declining. So I think that is just indicative of the model that we have.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yeah, no question. Obviously, you have some great relationships out there - [inaudible] and others so, that makes a lot of sense. Then, I guess related to that, Rob, have you guys specifically been at the table with Fannie Mae or Freddie or the FHFA, I think it is? Can you give us any color on the discussions, if at all?
Rob Pollock: Remember, John, we talk to these guys all of the time, okay because they are looking at how the programs work, we have capabilities. There are a lot of technical points around how these programs work. We have been in, we have talked to them and we talk to them regularly. We think we have that new program that we have talked about, our next-generation product - that can respond to many, many of the issues being raised in the market.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Rob, does that next-generation product, where there is a lot more flexibility to get the premium levels down, is that premium level down because deductibles might be higher, or is that premium level is down because the actual rate on line is down?
Rob Pollock: Well, first, the first is obviously the case that if they choose to have deductibles higher, things can change; they can change coverage amount. But remember in that next-generation product, we are introducing some more sophistication, so there is different geographic ratings. What that would imply is that there are some geographic areas things may go up a little, but others they are going to go down; it is all dependant on the particulars, John.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, and then separately, one quick one on the health side. I recognize that the visibility remains cloudy around this business, but your outlook indicates we should expect that earnings are down in '13 versus '12, when we adjust 2012 for those real estate gains, so can you just clarify for us what the baseline 2012 earnings number is, and can you give us any help around order of magnitude decline?
Rob Pollock: I will let Mike talk a little, but I want to go back to when Healthcare Reform was enacted, we changed our strategy, and what did we tell people? We said that fundamentally, we have a strategy, we think the strategy is a winning strategy that can deliver returns that will be attractive to shareholders when healthcare is fully implemented. Why? Because we believe this is a specialty business in the individual side of things, will continue to be and that we have unique skills that we can bring to the table. Remember, as Healthcare Reform is implemented, there are different changes along the way that are going to cause bumpiness in the results. Mike, do you want to just comment on this? 
Mike Peninger: Yeah. I think, John, obviously you take off the real estate income that we talked about in the fourth quarter. Quarter over quarter you had the mechanics of the MLR causing some noise, so if you looked at the full year, we probably - it does not spread evenly. Part of the reason, again, one of the challenges in forecasting this, is that our rebate liability is made up of a lot of separate calculations - we have talked about that before. You have credibility of experience that is always informing your calculations, too, so that can introduce a certain amount of volatility. We had an excellent year in 2012, too. Experience, generally, was pretty good. As we move forward, you have got credibility changes in the formulas that are going to impact our results, you have got upcoming changes around guarantee issue that go in at the beginning of 2014, and as we price for the MLR targets, that is going to drive our lost ratios up, too, so you have got a lot of different things going on.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Just to be more clear, what is the 2012 baseline we should be thinking about, Mike?
Mike Peninger: Obviously, so many moving parts, but about 25, about 35 million. I am just not sure.
Rob Pollock: It is primarily taking out the real estate income, John. That would be the main one.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: One more quick one, I am sorry. The 300,000 loans that are coming on in 1Q, can you give us a sense on the placement rate on that, since it is a flat cancel?
Rob Pollock: I believe that will be a placement rate that is relatively high.
Mike Peninger: Higher than the block.
Rob Pollock: Yeah, I think that one is going to be a little bit higher.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Higher than what? I am sorry.
Mike Peninger: Than the block, in general.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Got it.
Rob Pollock: One last one that I would add on healthcare that Mike has mentioned in the past, is that the provisions - and Mike talked about this around non-deductibility of expenses, John, will be another contributor to healthcare results being challenged next year.
Mike Peninger: That will show up in the tax rate for the segment.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you for all of the answers.
Operator: Well go next to the site of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners. Your line is open.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners:   Thank you.
Rob Pollock: Morning, Mark.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Morning.  Actually, I want to go back to one of John's questions. I guess, maybe one health, is it possible to give us a dollar value of the impact to health, from purely the phase in the credibility feature changes that will go between '12 and '13?
Rob Pollock: Off the top of my head, no, but again it is something we could look at. It is very complicated. Mike mentioned these 400 different calculations, and just in the fourth quarter, you get things moving over and under that target medical loss ratio, it can suddenly have you putting up a rebate that you had not anticipated.
Mike Peninger: One of our challenges is that we have business spread over the whole country, so when you are doing these separate rebate calculations, you do not have total credible experience in very many of those cells, so as experience builds and becomes more credible, then you can sort of factor that into your MLR calculation, but whether that experience is good or bad will determine the amount of the adjustment. So, there is just a lot of complexity under the covers, here.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Okay. On solutions and the 14% ROE target in '14, which you still expect to achieve, my question is, does something more dramatic have to happen as you get later to '13 or into '14 on either the combined ratio improvement side or on the capital allocation? I am just trying to think about how you get there.
Rob Pollock: Yep. First, I just go back and look at the progress we have made over the last several years, which the overall ROE has improved within solutions, and we think that we have outlined a pathway to get there. So, we have that combination of the growth, we have embedded business on the books that will earn out, that we think we have aligned the site on the profitability, so that will be one. You are going to see us continue to manage expenses; that would be a second way we will get there. Third, we are always looking for capital efficiency, and will continue to try to do that. So, I think it is going to be all of these factors and combination helping us get there.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Okay. Maybe just on the expense side, obviously you are cutting expenses in health, pretty dramatically - you are cutting expenses in solutions - I guess the expectation for corporate is actually a bigger loss, rather than what you have been experiencing, and I am just kind of curious if you could just walk through the activities that are happening at the corporate segment that is driving a higher cost load, visa vie, cutting expenses everywhere else. What are the investments in the activities that are occurring there that we should be thinking about?
Rob Pollock: First, I think if you look at the numbers that we have put out, I think the corporate level expenses are rather flat, year over year, maybe up a couple million. Obviously, there is a number of things related to just being a public company, but in addition to that, we trying to fund some small incubation and growth initiatives, such as solar etc. that we might bring out to others. I think that is really the driver in any increase, Mark, is really those investments to help fund the growth. We are trying to look at some different opportunities - solar is one example that we have talked a little a bit about, but we are seating a certain amount of experiments around the company and each of the businesses to try to look for more opportunities in the market, and we think that is a prudent use of a relatively modest amount of capital to help keep fuel for future growth.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Okay. Maybe just one more, if I may. On specialty property outlook, you kind of suggested that expense is relatively flat, or expense ration - I cannot recall exactly what you said - but is there any guidance or feel that we should get in terms of the average rate assumed in that guidance number between '12 and '13?
Rob Pollock: That is kind of what we talked about in the prior question, Mark. The rate assumptions in the guidance are sort of state by state, reflecting experience, and then also combined with expected growth in the loan portfolio, but no overall average - down five, down seven, down three, no overall, overriding kind of outlook.
Rob Pollock :  No, it’s going to be a function of where the policies show up. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Okay. All right, thank you. 
Rob Pollock:  Mm-hmm. 
Operator:  We’ll go next to the site of Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Your line is open.  
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Equities: Thank you, and good morning. To follow up on John’s question about your discussions with Fannie Mae, there have been press reports about a consortium. If there was a consortium with the attributes that have been talked about in the press, would that be something that you would want to join or would be able to join? 
Rob Pollock :  Well, you know, first we don’t speculate, but you know, again, I think our next-generation product addresses a multitude of uses that can help any of the GSEs get lower premiums if that’s their choice. And the flexibility around that and being able to – remember, the servicers are our client. We can provide the servicer with infinite flexibility on how they deal with that portfolio of theirs that can produce lower premiums on GSE loans, depending on the particulars. 
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Equities: Okay. Thank you. And as a follow up, last year you had given kind of a steady state estimate of placement rates and as the housing market improves, you know, I think the mortgage insurers have seen new notices of default come down 25, 30% year over year. I’m just wondering where you think that steady state placement rate will shake out because I think you said overtime you do expect it to decrease. 
Rob Pollock:  Well, that’s right. We do expect it to go down and, you know, I think what we looked at overtime was returning to levels we’ve seen in the ‘06/’07 timeframe. Now, again, that was our best thinking at the time. We also know, however, it’s going to fluctuate, you can see that in the portfolios we’ve brought on the books.  I think another important trend that we’ve tried to outline is, you know, we also think that placement rate is being impacted as voluntary carriers are leaving the more cat-prone areas. So we don’t have a full clear line of sight on that yet, but we’re working on it and we know that, you know, our placement, as Mike mentioned, is going up in the more cat-prone areas. 
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Equities: Thank you. 
Rob Pollock:  Next question. 
Operator:  We’ll go next to the site of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James and Associates. Your line is open. 
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Hey. 
Rob Pollock :  Good morning, Steven. 
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Hey, good morning. I want to return to health if I may with two questions. The rebate, remind us, this is a catch-up for what periods, for what quarters? 
Rob Pollock :  The rebate is accrued for 2012 experience, so at the end of the year, we’re holding, you know, how much of the – the premium we earned in 2012 that we’ll have to rebate. 
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Okay. With that, looking at Assurant Health, the loss ratio for the full year was around 74%. I guess my question is, I know there’s going to be some difference between the GAAP MLR and your regulatory MLR, but I guess my question is once you get full credibility, maybe this is another way of asking John’s question, but once you get the full credibility, where would that be if you had, you know, the full 80 – the full 80 MLR on a regulatory basis? 
Rob Pollock :  Yeah, I think we’ve talked about that being in the, you know, medium 70s or 75, 76, somewhere in that range and that’s a function, you know, of we have business that, you know, subject to the MLR guidelines, we have our Affordable Care products and you know, some business that’s not so it’s sort of a blended. But you know, I think you’re going to see us move up into that, you know, 75, 76, 77 kind of range would be probably equating to the 80% MLR target. 
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates:  Okay. And then, I didn’t realize that was the ultimate. I thought that was for this year. And then if I may, the – you’re affordable choice product, is that MLR exempt? 
Rob Pollock :  By and large, yes. I think it is, yep. Again, you know, the – if you look at when we set the strategy up, we talked about the PPACA products, which are subject to the MLR and ones that aren’t. We started from a very small base of the other products. We’ve had nice growth there, but still a small percentage of our overall block. That business is not subject to the MLR and I think that points out what Mike said. I think when he talked about that, you know, 75 to 77, that’s on the Affordable Care Act product that are subject to the rebate. 
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Okay, and then the Affordable Choice plans that you sell will have that lower – will have the total [inaudible]? 
Rob Pollock :  I mean, we’re going to get – our reported overall loss ratio is going to be a blend of MLR products and non-MLR products. 
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Okay. That’s what I wanted to know. Thank you. 
Operator:  We’ll go next to the site of Mark Hughes with Suntrust. Your line is open.  
Mark Hughes – Suntrust: Good morning. The placement rate on the new 300,000 loan block, how does that compare to the 650,000 that you brought on this quarter, or fourth quarter? 
Rob Pollock :  I don’t think we have full line of sight on the 300,000 we’re adding yet, Mark. 
Mike Peninger:  Well, we do think, as we said earlier, it’s going to be higher than the Black’s average. So it’s not like a, you know, we’ve had a couple of portfolios that have had placement rates that are more like the 1-percenters or something. This is going to be higher than that. 
Mark Hughes – Suntrust: Yeah, with the 650, did you say that 200,000 of those were flat canceled? 
Rob Pollock:  Correct. 
Mark Hughes – Suntrust: Within the 300,000 loans, how many of those are going to flat canceled? 
Rob Pollock :  Those are going to be flat canceled as well. 
Mike Peninger:  All of them. 
Rob Pollock :  So that will impact our premiums, you know, start – depending on exactly the date of the flat cancel. 
Mark Hughes – Suntrust: Right, so actually a higher number of flat cancels in this new block? 
Rob Pollock :  Right. 
Mike Peninger: Right. Once we take over the business, it will all come flat cancel. 
Mark Hughes – Suntrust: Right. And then you mentioned a couple time, portfolios passing between servicers in the months ahead. Is that to say there’s a lot of visibility you’ve got for incremental pickups? 
Rob Pollock :  Exactly. In other words, you know, we – if you look over the course of ’12, we won some portfolios through RFP. But you know, our alignment with leaders has really helped us. If we look at the general trend that’s going on, you know, and put this over perspective, in the ‘08/’09 timeframe, a movement from specialty to money center bank. Now we’re seeing a movement away from money center bank to specialty server and our alignment with the leaders has us positioned as those movements occur. 
Mark Hughes – Suntrust: And do you still go through the RFP process in those cases? 
Rob Pollock :  Not when it’s just a loan portfolio that, you know, the servicing rates might be purchased by another servicer. 
Mark Hughes – Suntrust: Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  We’ll take our final question from the site of Seth Weiss with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Seth Weiss – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Good morning. I have a question on free cash flow emergence going forward, specifically within health and specialty property. I know that the health given was 160 in 2012 and you mentioned capital efficiencies in that business. So if you could think about how the – help us think about how we could think about that for 2013? And then specialty property, I know that the long-term visibility is a little bit less than the placement rates, the fluctuate around, but can you let us know how to think about capital release in that business, maybe as it relates to the total risk in force coming down as placement rates come down over the next few years? 
Rob Pollock :  Sure. So let me start and then maybe Mike can comment on property. But on the health side, an important thing to remember there is first, on all these businesses, we capitalize to AM best ratios but because of where health – our health business was and the evolution, we didn’t take any dividends for several years even though we made money. This year, if you look at the money we took out, we took out several years’ worth of earnings as a result of that because it has been sitting there and the rating agencies were comfortable with the progress we made that that made sense. You know, Mike, you want to talk about how to think about capital on the property side? 
Mike Peninger:  Yeah, in property, we’ve talked about, you know, the capital in the business or the equity being, you know, in that 50 to 55% of premium and so as the – and one of the drivers of the capital equipments is the premiums. So as premium were to moderate, you know, capital potentially can come out, although it has to be due to changes in exposure, you know, that’s what fundamentally – the premium is sort of used as a surrogate for exposure, so as exposure is reduced, then we can take the capital out of the business. 
Seth Weiss – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, understood. So if we think about it that way, the next-generation product also will have a little bit of [inaudible] benefit as exposure comes down with the reductions in premium related to that, right? 
Mike Peninger:  Correct. 
Seth Weiss – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. And just one mechanical follow up on specialty property and loans tracked, if we look at 31.2 million loans tracked, that encompasses the – just the 200,000 that are flat canceled, there’ll be 450 on top of that which will emerge overtime, right? 
Rob Pollock:  No. 
Mike Peninger:  I think the full 650 go into the loan count, the way we do the calculation. 
Rob Pollock :  Right. So I think that what’s not in that 31.2 is the ones that are going to be added in the first quarter. 
Mike Peninger:  Right, but also, if you’re trying to reconcile, you’ve got attrition, you know, in the existing portfolio, so we start with the 30.8 or whatever it was. We add 650 and then we get some attrition and that’s how we end up at the whatever, 31.2 or something. 
Seth Weiss – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I see. And just out of curiosity because I know you’ve added a bunch of new portfolios over the last 12 months, is there a way to think about the gap between those that are still rolling on with the renewal process, Chris? 
Chris Pagano:  Well, the loans go onto the system, that’s what we’re tracking. You know, it’s policies related to those loans that come on over time. 
Rob Pollock :  It’s really the placements that are going to occur on the loans, which is a good point you’re driving that, that we will still have pickup in some placements on some of the portfolios that were flat canceled. 
Seth Weiss – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I see, great. Thanks a lot.
Rob Pollock :  Thanks for joining us this morning. We encourage you to reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with additional questions. We look forward on updating you on our progress for the first quarter conference call on April 25th. 
Operator:  Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Pollock - President & Chief Executive Officer Mike Peninger - Chief Financial Officer Chris Pagano - Chief Investment Officer & Treasurer Francesca Luthi - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs Jeffrey Schuman - KBW John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Equities
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Welcome to Assurant’s third quarter, 2012 earnings conference call and webcast. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the managements prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions). It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Francesca Luthi, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Francesca Luthi: Thank you Quint and good morning everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2012 results with you today. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon we issued a news release announcing our third quarter results. Both the release and corresponding financial supplemental are available at Assurant.com. As a reminder, all prior period financial information presented in the release, financial supplement and on this call reflects the new accounting guidelines for deferred acquisition costs, which the company adopted as of January 1, 2012. We’ll start today’s call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike, with Chris participating in the Q&A session. As a reminder, some of the statements we make on today’s call may be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday’s new release, as well as in our SEC reports, including our 2011 Form 10-K, second quarter 2012 Form 10-Q and the upcoming third quarter Form 10-Q available at Assurant.com. Today’s call will also contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company’s performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted on Assurant.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Good morning everyone and thanks Francesca. We are pleased to have you on the Assurant team and appreciate the seamless transitions you provided investors, because of the broad experience you bring to the job. I also want to congratulate and thank Melissa Kivett as she moves to her new role as Senior Vice President, Business Development and Strategy. This is an excellent example of how we develop the leadership team at Assurant. Our results for the third quarter of 2012 were strong and in line with our expectations. We are pleased with our continued progress in executing our strategy as we gain traction in the areas we have targeted for profitable growth. We are committed to creating long term value for shareholders and our capital management strategy is a key driver.  For the first nine months of 2012, we’ve returned approximately $420 million to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases and we did this while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Let me outline our performance against the three key operating metrics we used to track our progress. First, we reported an annualized operating return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI of 11.8% for the quarter. Year-to-date, annualized operating return on equity is 13.6%. This includes $20 million of income from real estate joint ventures and $28 million from reportable catastrophe losses. Second, book value per diluted share excluding AOCI grew by 4% in the quarter and by 13% year-to-date. Solid earnings and continued share repurchases drove the increase. Third, revenue defined as net earned premiums and fee income grew by 4% to $2 billion compared to the third quarter of 2011, with solutions in specialty property leading the increase. Year-to-date revenue increased by about 3% compared to last year. In 2012 our focus has been on achieving profitable growth and we are making solid progress, but the macro environment is challenging. Unemployment remains alleviated, interest rates are at record lows and regulatory changes pervasive throughout the financial services sector in general and the insurance industry in particular. Now, let me comment on the businesses and the key trends influencing our results. In Assurant Solutions, both revenue and net operating income increased in the quarter compared to 2011. Improved performance in our domestic service contract business and across our Latin American operations, including mobile, were the primary contributors. As sales have begun to rebound in the U.S. automotive sector, our vehicle service contract business is gaining renewed momentum. In addition, the continued growth and the use of mobile devices has expanded the market opportunity for our products worldwide.  Our pre-need business continues to perform well as we work closely with the industry leader SCI. As we look ahead, we are focused on achieving a 14% ROE in solutions in 2014. This will require a continued organizational focus on our strategic growth areas and reduced resources on nine growth areas.  Turning to Assurant Specialty Property, our track record of great client service continues to generate success. We expanded our lender place business with new and existing clients. In the third quarter we signed a contract with a new client for a portfolio of 1 million loans, with expected placement rates around 1%. We expect to earn premiums on this business after the loans are on boarded in the first quarter of 2013. Including this win, our total loans tracked are up more than 7% since 2010. We’ve benefited in recent years from loan movements towards the specialty services. We won portfolios and competitive bidding. Placement rates have remained at alleviated levels instead of declining. The timing of the housing recovery is difficult to predict, but we do believe that when the business normalizes, we will continue to have an attractive lender place specialty business, albeit with lower capital requirements and earnings.  We continue to grow our multi family housing business, comprised mainly of renters insurance and resident bond products. Together they have grown to over $145 million of annualized revenue and we believe they have the potential to deliver double-digit revenue growth for the next several years. After Mike reviews the financial highlights for the quarter, I’ll offer an update on various actions underway in our lender place business, including the recent California rate reduction.  Assurant’s Health’s third quarter performance reflects continued success in 2012, in reducing expenses and tailoring our product offerings to consumer preferences for affordability and choice. We are encouraged by the growing interest in our Assurant health access and supplemental coverages products as Americans look for affordable alternatives.  Our network agreement with Aetna further improves the affordability of the individual major medical products and offers a broader choice of network providers. Health will face additional challenges as the implementation of the patient protection and affordable care act continues to unfold.  With the health exchanges beginning to take shape for 2014, we will need to further adapt our business model in what will be an evolving and likely quite different individual medical insurance marketplace than we have seen before. While we look to address these near term challenges, we remain confident in the long-term prospects of our business until the healthcare market opportunity expands.  Assurant’s employee benefit continues to navigate through a challenging environment, characterized by low interest rates and continued economic uncertainty among small businesses. Voluntary products remain our growth engine in employee benefits and accounted for nearly half of new sales and more than a third of earned premiums in the quarter. These results demonstrate the success of our distribution approach that emphasizes key brokers, as well as our expanded voluntary offerings and capabilities. Overall I am pleased with our progress this year. With that, I’ll turn it to Mike for more detailed comments on the third quarter.
Mike Peninger: Thanks Rob. I’ll discuss a few highlights from the quarter and key priorities for each of our businesses, starting with Assurant Solutions.  During the third quarter, Solutions delivered double digit growth in net earned premiums and fees, driven by our domestic service contract and Latin American business. Growth in Latin America was primarily generated from service contracts sold through mobile and retail clients.  As a reminder, net earned premiums in the fourth quarter will reflect the previously disclosed loss of a domestic mobile client effective October 1, which accounted for about $100 million of annual earned premiums. Solutions also generated strong sales, particularly in our domestic service contracts from both retail and automotive clients. In the third quarter we assumed a block of automotive warranty business, which added about $40 million to growth written premiums. This block, along with improved auto sales over the past year, has led to strong growth in our vehicle service contract business. Solutions new business pipeline remains strong, particularly in the mobile segment. Our previously announced wins, both domestically and abroad, demonstrate our ability to compete in the fast growing mobile market place. The international combined ratio decreased to about 102%, excluding a charge related to our recent tax court decision, impacting certain products sold by insurance companies in Germany. The improvement was driven by more favorable results in Europe and Latin America. For the full year we expect the international combined ratio to be near our target of 102% excluding disclosed items.  Solutions remains focused on its goals of breaking even in the U.K. by mid 2013 and achieving an overall return on Equity of 14% in 2014. While we expect growth across the business, we will need expense reductions to achieve these targets, particularly in areas experiencing market pressures such as Europe and the domestic credit business.  Specialty property posted strong results in the third quarter, reflecting revenue growth in lender placed homeowners insurance and multi family housing products. Catastrophe losses were lower compared to the same period last year. Placement rates remained alleviated compared to historic averages, reflecting the continued impact of seriously delinquent loans.  We did however see a 10 basis point sequential decline in the third quarter. This was driven in part by the 2.1 million loans we added last quarter, which has about a 1% placement rate, but it maybe further evidence of seriously delinquent loans moving to resolution. We anticipate that placement rates will continue to decline at a pace, which largely depends on the state of the economy, housing policy and client specific portfolio characteristics.  For 2013 we expect lender placed premiums and returns to be lower, primarily reflecting a continued reduction in placement rates and lower premiums, including the impact of the California rate reduction. This will be partially offset by the recent growth and the number of loans we track. We intend to mitigate the impact of lower premiums and higher combined ratios by managing expenses and freeing up capital as the business moves to a normalized steady state over the next few years. At Health, net operating income increased due to continued expense management and favorable loss experience. The higher effective tax rate in the quarter reflects healthcare reform restrictions on deductible expenses.  Revenue declined due to ongoing product mix shifts and challenging economic conditions, particularly in our small group business. Our target market and group in the Health’s group business is employers with less than 10 employees. We are seeing fewer business of that size adding employees or looking for coverage. In the quarter, Health continued to tightly manage expenses. We will continue to look for additional expense savings opportunities over the course of the next year, but they are likely to come at a slower pace.  Looking forward we expect our loss ratio to increase as we continue to adjust our pricing to reflect minimum loss ratio targets. We also expect continued weak sales in our small group segment, as employers grapple with understanding and the full impact of healthcare reform. These trends combined with the expenditures required to prepare for 2014 requirements, will lead to a decline in Health’s earnings next year.  Despite the near term hurdles, we are focused on generating sales, driving further expense savings and managing capital efficiently, as we position our Health business for long term success under healthcare reform. At employee benefits, net operating income declined by about 3% compared to the third quarter of last year, reflecting slightly higher disability loss experience, which can often by volatile from quarter-to-quarter. Overall disability incidence rates remain stable and dental experience was excellent consistent with recent trends. Looking ahead, persistent high unemployment, low payroll growth and lower interest rates continue to present challenges that we will have to navigate. However, our broad product suite and robust administrative and enrollment tools make our voluntary products attractive options for businesses with less than 500 employees. Moving to corporate matters, our capital position remains strong. We ended the quarter with approximately $370 million of deployable capital, in addition to our $250 million buffer. Share repurchases totaled $110 million in the quarter, compared to $76 million in the same period last year.  We anticipate that full year operating company dividends will at least equal operating earnings. We continue to believe our share price is attractive and expect to continue our repurchase activity during the remainder of the fourth quarter, subject as always to market conditions. Despite persistently low interest rates, our investment portfolio continued to perform well. Our conservative investment philosophy and low asset turnover helped to moderate the pace of the yield decline in our portfolio. In line with our accounting policy, we will perform our annual goodwill impairment testing during the fourth quarter. While we hold our goodwill in the corporate segment, testing is done at the business segment level. We will carefully consider the impact of the economic environment on each business and will report the results of our goodwill testing on our fourth quarter call.  Overall we are pleased with our third quarter results and progress in creating long-term value for our shareholders. And with that, I’ll turn the call back to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks Mike. Now I want to update you on what has transpired in our lender placed business since our last call; I’ll start with California.  In 2012 we expect to record approximately $108 million of net earned premiums for policies subject to the rate reduction, compared to $124 million earned in 2011. The agreement we reached to reduce rates by about 30% reflects continued favorable loss experience since we first filed for a decrease nearly two years ago. It also uses different assumptions about future experience than we used in our previous filings.  These rates will be implemented on new policies beginning sometime in January and on policies that renew after that date as well. The estimated impact of the rate reduction on net earned premiums and net operating income will be about $33 million and $18 million respectively on an annual basis. Let me provide some background on these estimates.  They assume that our block of business and placement rates in California remain at current levels in the future. For context, California placement rates are down this year compared to 2011. The ultimate impact from the reduction will depend on future placement rates and many other factors such as lapse rates, when policies renew and average insured values of homes.  I should also point out we are pursuing operating improvements, which have not been considered in the net operating income impact provided. Its important to remember that the rate setting approval process varies in each State. Regulations and rating variables such as coastal and catastrophe exposure, loss experience, prospective claim class trends and the availability of insurance coverage are State specific. That is why our state-by-state outreach is critical.  We regularly engage in discussions with the different insurance department. Right now these discussions are centered on how to best implement our next generation product. For example, in Florida we are in discussions with the insurance department and are preparing to file our new product in the fourth quarter.  It further continues to be our largest state and also bears a large proportion of our catastrophe exposure. Therefore to fully understand our business there, it’s important to consider net earned premiums before the cost of catastrophe reinsurance. In the first nine months of the year, this amount totaled about $270 million. We’ve begun to implement our next generation lender priced product in 14 other states where its been approved. We plan to follow a multi phased roll out that will continue throughout the next year.  In New York, we continue to be in dialogue with the department of financial services, but do not have any further updates at this time. At the federal level, the federal housing finance agency have stepped efforts to get input from the mortgage servicers and align the views of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. We supported our servicer clients with information, as they have provided input to this agency.  The consumer financial protection bureau proposed mortgage service or guidelines issued in August. The guidelines largely reflect many of our current lender place practices. We expect them to announce their final rules in January 2013.  And with that, we can move into the Q&A portion of our call. Operator, first question please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We’ll take our first question from the side of Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners. Go ahead, your line is open. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Good morning. Actually I just want to go back firstly to the last comment that you made Rob. I think you said Florida premium was $270 million before the CAT load. How much is it with kind of fully baked? 
Rob Pollock: So what we are trying to provide Mark is a way to think about the premium subject to our rating action, okay. And so what we did is outline the earned premium plus the reinsurance premiums related to CAT exposures in the state of Florida.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Okay. I just think that, just knowing how important Florida is, and most people having estimates that are I guess meaningful higher than that would imply, I’m just trying to get a feel for whether the book is 25% in total fully loaded, 30%, 35%, 40%.
Mike Peninger: That’s a nine-month number mark. So if you annualize it, that maybe helps.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Okay, moving on. I guess you talked a lot about capital release in specialty property and I’m trying to get a handle around how to think about that. On the one hand you have placement rates that are clearly going to go down over time and therefore your exposures go down. At the same you also have likely rate compression that arguably affects the ability to kind of cross fund looses. So how should we think about capital release as both of those factors work together? 
Rob Pollock: I mean, so lets start with our capitalization for the business, for all our businesses. Start with the BCAR models, okay and those models are what we use to maintain ratings, which are quite important to our clients.  All of our ratings are at the A-minus or higher level. And so when you look at those formulas as they relate to the statutory entities where we write this business, the capital requirement is in the mid-40% of premium level. That’s a simplification, because there’s a lot of factors that work into that Mark, but that’s just a way to think about things.  Clearly we agree that as the business moves towards a steady state, we are going to earn a little bit less money, but the returns will be still be attractive and we are going to be in a position to still have and attractive specifically business when we return to more normal levels. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners:   But I guess, may be I’ll ask it a little more simplistically, which is as placement rates go down, should we in just knowing that there are rate pressures, would we assume that the ability to leverage the business is actually not as favorable because of the rate actions or is it more in line with how placement rates should go down. 
Mike Peninger: If I’m understating the question, I think it’s more in line. So again, you got to think about the process of capital requirements and what they are function of, okay. I don’t know, a little bit less we’ll get some, but not all the same kind of expense efficiencies, because some of the costs are related to that tracking system, which in the near term are pretty fixed. 
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Okay, and then just on expenses, when you talked abut as the business declines cutting expenses etcetera, so I’m trying to get a sense for how to think about that as well. Because again, you have the total platform of specialty property declining fairly meaningfully, given where placement rates are, etcetera, and the question is, can you actually scale down the operating expenses, not the variable senses, but the fixed costs in line with how premium goes down or would you end up with negative leverage? 
Rob Pollock: Okay, so a couple of different points; number one, the reason we have been so successfully in this business is our customer service, which we are not going to cut back on that. In fact, I’d say many of servicing clients are asking for more services from us and we are able to provide them. So we are not going to give up on anything that might impact the customer.  We’ve had quite a bit of growth in the business. We’ve talked about placement rates going down for several years; they in fact have gone up. They are still at elevated levels. We don’t know what that actual steady state level is, but we’ve compared back to 2006 okay, and we said that we believe that’s probably where things will return when the mortgage market recovers.  Now we’ve had a lot of growth. Gene and this team are always working on operational improvements. We will find ways to reduce expenses. In the near term there are some of the expenses that are more fixed. We can look at those too, but I’d keep that first point I made in mind here; the customer service is a big part of what delivers our value proposition to the servicer and we don’t what to give up on those things.  So we will work our way to finding out how we can get to lower expense. Right now remember, we are still acquiring loans. Our loan portfolio is growing and placement rates are at higher levels. So we’ve got to deal with the business as it exists today.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to the side of Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, your line is open. 
Rob Pollock : Good morning Chris.
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Thanks so much. A follow up for Mark’s question on the expense side and Rob you mentioned kind of ’06 and if we go back to that timeframe, the administrative expenses were running around $550 million. Today we are close to on an annual basis of $825 million. So if we think about that as a steady state for our revenue side, should we be thinking about the same level kind of expenses or is some of the customer service initiatives you guys are implementing going to maybe drive up that number a bit higher. 
Rob Pollock: First, that’s an interesting way to look at it. I can’t speak all the numbers right away, but I will tell you, a couple of things that are important to think about Chris are we have a mix of business shift going on. We mentioned our renters business and multifamily housing product businesses growing. That has a different expense structure associated with it than the lender-placed business does.  When you look at premiums, premiums that are generated have some variable components. Those expenses will go away as premiums do and we are working efficiencies in the business and we hope to re-close as well.  So again, I think what we need to do is allow a number of things to settle out there. We’ll be in a position to provide you an update on our belief on where things will be, we just don’t have that right now, because again, we are adding new business and the market is growing for us right now. 
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay, understood. And then you would mention the 14 States that you’ve seeped and got an approval for kind of on the next gen product. So can you maybe talk about the differences in price and maybe the terms and conditions of the new policy versus the previous policy. And then roughly if you do have, what percentage of maybe premiums these 14 sates represent.
Rob Pollock: Yes, well there’s a couple of different things. So again, as we talked about this net generation product, the features that go along with that, they are not rocket scientist type variables. We are going to do a little more expansion of geo rating. We are going to have more options on deductibles, we can deal with different blocks of loans differently, that’s not where the work is.  The work is being in a position to service programs for each of the mortgage servicers differently. That’s where we’ve spent quite a bit of time and effort in our system area to make sure our systems can accommodate that, and so that’s why we are very focused on the implementation, because that’s the most important things.  Now, in terms of trying to figure out how any of this is going to work, it’s way too early. We just are starting this process in a few states and it’s going to be dependent on who the particular policyholders are and their characteristics. But we have our line of sight on that; we’ll provide the information. 
Mike Peninger: Yes, I think Chris, just in the initial rollout or something that’s reasonably different, we would naturally I think start with our smaller states and so the 14 that we are working on now tend to be on the smaller side, plus its going to take some time to actually roll out and go through the letter cycle and all the other things that go along with the policies. So that’s another reason its difficult to give you an estimate of the premium impact now.  I’d also say, Rob mentioned the flexibility. I think that is a pretty important point, because our servicers then can have more choices in how they administer their own programs, which means the impact on us will be somewhat dependant on our client decisions too. 
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then with the implementation of that, I mean I guess based on the loss time that the answer would be no. But will the implementation will be similar to California where all new and existing business will go in this next gen product or would people still be staying in the existing LPI products? 
Rob Pollock: So they will go to the new for all new business and as business renews, it will move to the new product as well.  
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Okay, very helpful and just lastly, on capital, I mean obviously you mentioned you are going to continue to be in the market, but obviously there are some headwinds for some of the business as you go forward. So I guess as you think about acquisitions, especially business lines, along with kind of incremental debt capacity here, how are you balancing buybacks versus M&A.
Rob Pollock: Yes, well I think first I’m going to take one step back and say I think we’ve identified targeted areas and each of the business for growth and whether that’s multifamily housing in the property business, the voluntary business in benefits, affordable choice medical products in Health, the mobile and international business and solutions, particularly in Latin America, those are places that we are more likely to look for organic growth, as well things that could help us on the M&A side, okay, so we are looking at those.  I’m going to switch over and let Chris talk a little about it. Okay, so we are looking at all that, how do we evaluate M&A opportunities versus buyback. I think the methodology is still quite consistent and Chris you want to just elaborate on that a little. 
Chris Pagano :   Sure, hi Chris. I don’t think anything is changed in the way we are looking at profitable growth opportunities. I think our capital priorities are the same, capitalize the operating companies and then look to deploy capital either organically or through M&A using what is a significant amount of deployable capital currently at the holding company.  And then to the extent that there are opportunities in the near term, we have been very disciplined about returning the capital to shareholders. Most of the return of capital in the last three years has been via share repurchase, and we continue to think that will play a role, given where we think, how attractive we think the share price is right now.  But ultimately it’s about maintaining flexibility and that’s where your comment around debt capacity comes in. We do think that give that our debt to total cap is just over 18%, we do have the ability to go to the market for probably $300 million to$350 million of opportunistic debt. We also have the 2014 issue that matures in February, which we realistically need to address sometime between now and the end of 2013.  But again the main source of capital is going to be what we have at the holding company now, which is about $370 million and then being able to access operating earnings in the form of dividend gives us a lot of options with regards both M&A and share repurchase. 
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll go next to the side of Jeff Schuman with KBW. Go ahead, your line is open. 
Rob Pollock : 
Good morning Jeff.:
Mike Peninger: Hi Jeff.
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: Good morning, how are you? 
Rob Pollock: Good.
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: I was just wondering, first of call very basic question about the lender placed. How does it renew it? Does it typically renew it annually or how is it renew? 
Rob Pollock: Yes, it’s typically annual. 
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: Okay. And then in California as you talked to them about the rate decrease, I mean did you also talk to them about any aspects of the next gen product. Is there going to be more geographic reading or any other changes? 
Rob Pollock: I think our hope is to now sit down and talk to them. We’ve certainly mentioned the issue. So I think we are now positioned to move toward that product and we hope to do that as quickly as we can make that happen. 
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: And also as part of those discussions, were there any agreements about captive reinsurance or commission practices. 
Rob Pollock: Not that.
Mike Peninger: I don’t think so, Jeff. I think these are primarily around the pricing of the product. 
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: Okay and then lastly, I think coming out of the NAIC hearings I think it’s a kind of thing that there’s some other state might be more actively looking at rates. Did you talk about the fact that you do have ongoing discussions, but are there any other particular states outside of California, Florida and New York that are maybe a little more active than they have been in pursuing the rate issues. 
Rob Pollock: None that come to mind. Again, the process on this is we have a dialog regularly that process on how the state goes through and reviews things as different. I will say that we are engaged in dialog with all of them, because we are focused on getting this next generation product up and activated in all the states. 
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: Okay, that’s it from me. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go next to the site of John Nadel with Sterne, Agee. Go ahead, your lines open.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach : Good morning Rob, good morning Mike. I was hopping we might be able to take a slightly different approach to thinking about steady states for the lender place business.  About 18 months ago at your Investor Day you laid out a view of how this business might be impacted as the housing market yields and placement rates drop and I think that essentially suggested that the specialty property segment would see revenues down to $1.5 billion, combined ratios would rise, placement rates would fall and it seems to suggest doing all the math, about $180 million to $200 million of earnings from this segment, once you got to that steady state, whenever that was.  So my question for you is this, as we think about it 18 months later, with a lot of the things that are changing, rate pressure, CFPB, proposed changes that might take placement rates lower, all that sort of stuff, growth in the business maybe as a slight off set, can you give us some help in just understanding order of magnitude; how some of those assumptions that you’ve previous laid out for us might change? 
Rob Pollock: Well, first we thought that placement rates were going to start coming down. They actually went the other way John. So again, I think that’s a function of the broader housing market. Pretty difficult for us to predict giving all the variables going on, right.  A lot of that has evolved, a lot of it has lead to the development of this new product that can be more flexible and more responsive to today’s housing market and we embarked on that process starting in late ‘10 and as I mentioned, its not that the product filing per say is so complicated; its all about do we have the administrative system set up to deal with things on a servicer by servicer basis, dealing with all the different things that have been raised by the GSCs, different things that servicers might want and we are really proud that we have a system that can actually deal with all these things, okay.  So we are going to provide and the market is clearly evolved in a way we couldn’t have imagined. But when we get through a few more of these things, because I think we are getting the resolution, close to resolution on the number of them, we will put together an update re-forecast of what we now see the steady state being moving forward, but we just don’t have it right now, because a number of the variables I think…
Mike Peninger: It evolves in motion.
Rob Pollock: They are just all in motion, exactly. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: All right. I mean listen, I understand there is a lot going on. I think that commitment to sort of update everybody I think is really important, because this is clearly just a very important issue for the shareholders to think about.  I just have a question for you on the capital in specialty property and maybe it’s a bit along the lines of Mark’s question and I understand how the BCAR, the best capital ration or model works. But should we expect, if premiums drop because of a rate reduction, versus premiums dropping because of placement rate falls, should we expect the same sort of level of capital release from the business under either of those scenarios. In the first case your exposures don’t change, but in the second they clearly do. 
Rob Pollock: Yes, you are on an interesting point. But I guess I’d say two things John, right. The formulas themselves are somewhat mechanically, that did apply and of course then they look at an applied judgment to a broader set of issues. So could it conceivably be different, it could.  When I look at all this stuff though, if you look at our business placement rate change, which we said for a long time is going to be the biggest driver on what happens to the business we believe. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes, I agree too, yes
Rob Pollock: And so, that’s where we are focused and we are very focused on having a product that can meet what is clearly a different market place today than when we had three or four years ago. 
Mike Peninger: And I’d also just say, we have very regular dialogue with A. M. Best and they have a very thorough understanding of our business John and also they make their own decisions, but its not and I’m sure we’ll be talking with them as things go forward. 
Chris Pagano : Yes John, it’s Chris. Maybe one other comment, and I think Mark was touching on this earlier. Capital is going to be going forward about risk and the smaller the block, the lower the placement rate, which is our expectation, the lower the risk.  Now the rules of thumb that we’ve given you in the past may change and that’s what we’ll address with regard to our discussions with the rating agencies. Keep in mind it also has to do with the amount of catastrophe reinsurance that we buy, which is a critical piece of our risk management. But untimely and I think our updated view around steady state and can also include an updated view around capital and what the lender placed product’s going to represent going forward. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, thanks I just have a couple of more quick ones, I’m sorry. Is there a way to help us understand, I think you mentioned that you’re going to be filing your next generation products in Florida next month and I don’t know if this is going to be easy or not, but is there a way to help us understand sort of on an apples-to-apples basis what the premium rate will look like on the next gen product versus what you’ve already got in place. 
Rob Pollock: Well, I think it’s just a couple of things to think about there John. I think the most important things is we will provide an update when we know we’ve reached the resolution with the state, that’s kind of number one.  Number two is, I look at that next generation product and if you think about all the things that product is looking to address, I can’t think of a state that has all of them operating, more than Florida does, okay. So it is going to be the perfect test case for how all these flexible variables could be put in to play. But they are going to be put in play by the servicer, okay. So that again, the complexity of trying to estimate what is going to happen I think is really difficult, but when we know something we will report it out. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, and then the last two quick ones. Are you seeing seated premiums to your lenders or servicer partners decline yet? 
Rob Pollock: Each of the services that have reinsurance sort of make their own decisions. We did have a client this quarter that made a change in their program John, you probably saw that in our numbers but that’s something that’s sort of client specific issue. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay and then are commissions being cut yet? 
Rob Pollock: Again, if you think about the way we talked about this, this will be a servicer specific issue on how they want things to work. So I don’t know that I can say that John, but when we know we’ll – this is another one that each client – each client makers their own decisions, yes.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to the side of Sean Dargan with Macquarie. Go ahead, your line is open. 
Rob Pollock: Good morning Sean. 
Mike Peninger: Good morning Sean.
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Equities: Good morning, thank you. I was just wondering if you can maybe tell us about the experience you are seeing in placement rates in different sates. There are different foreclosure processes and different hoops that one will just have to jump through. Would it be safe to say that you see placement rates coming down more in California than say Florida? 
Rob Pollock: I haven’t looked at the Florida experience, so I can’t really make a statement on that. But I think the issue you outlined is an important one. If you think about issues like the economy in the area, like how does the process work to move a property foreclosure, these are all things that will have impact on the placement rates.  In addition how many loans are seriously delinquent is going to be a driver there too. So every State really is different depending on those factors and they will untimely play out based on all those different conditions. 
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Equities: Thanks. If I can just shift to Assurant Health, I think you mentioned that you expect premiums and earnings to come down in 2013. Can you give us any sensitivity or the degree to which it will come down? 
Rob Pollock: Well, in the MLR requirement, there’s the big thing that we have to sort of adjust our pricing to over time Sean. If you look at our loss ratios, they are in the low 70s. I think we have said before that you can’t compare an MLR loss ratio calculation and a gap loss ratio directly, because there’s different rules for the MLR calculation. And then you’ve got to think about the mix of our products that are subject to the MLR and some aren’t, so you’ve got a variety of factors going.  But I think its fair to say that our loss ratios will be rising as we adjust the pricing and it takes time for our rate changes, just like when you need to increase prices, it takes tame to roll increases through your block when you’re changing in the other direction; it takes time for that roll through. So over time that’s going to start impacting our loss ratio, so you will see those rising.  Then you’ve got the other sort loss study factory is that we’ve got a lot of growth going on in our health access and supplemental products. We’ve also got our Aetna arrangement that is helping with the sales of our more traditional individual major medical products.  So you’ve got a lot of different things and then as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, you’ve got this sort of freeze in the small group markets. So you’ve got a lot of different factors there, but I think the primary thing that leads us to say earnings will go down is that loss ratios will go higher. 
Sean Dargan - Macquarie Research Equities: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to the side of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James. Go ahead, your line is open.
Rob Pollock: Good morning Stephen.  
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Hey, good morning everybody. I have a few, I apologize ahead of time. Mark mentioned the 270 in Florida. I guess that annualizes to 360 or whatever it is. Is the importance of that number that any rate cut that occurs, the reinsurers aren’t going to take it, the CAT re-guys aren’t going to take back their exposure. It doesn’t matter what happens to your rates. Is that…
Rob Pollock: That’s why we try to present it that way. 
Mike Peninger: Yes exactly.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay good, just makings sure. Sticking with that, you’ve got this new client 1 million loans, just so I’m clear here, once that’s on your books, you will get the policies currently in force right. This isn’t one of these deals where it rolls over time. 
Rob Pollock: So in Athens we are going to get the new business that is written, but we will not get the end; its not a flat cancel called. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Its not a not a flat cancel, that was the term I was looking for. Okay, not a flat cancel, quite an asset. And then going back on to the discussion of the next gen product, I guess the choppiness is what we are all dealing with here. I’m going to make up a number. Lets say you have a 75-combined ratio in a State and the regulators for political reasons or whatever are saying that’s too low, all right. Introducing the next gen product, is it going to make a 75 combined okay, right. 
Rob Pollock: Again, I think we are talking about apples-and-oranges here a little bit Steven. Lets first talk about what that next generation product does; it allows lots of flexibility. For instance lets take an example. You could vary the deductible offered based on the value of the home. Right now, decisions tend to be made uniformly for a portfolio. While that’s a big difference and has the ability to change rates if you are at a, lets say a $2000 deductible versus a $200 deductible, so those kinds of things could make a big difference.  Second, if we look at just – we are going to put in some difference is geographic rating. So, that’s says to me if you are closer to cost line, those rates maybe going up a little bit but the other side of that is people away are going to pay less. So we don’t do any underwriting that has to be recognized and presented. The historical look is obviously one place they look, but the more interesting I think the thing that we have to talk about is what is our exposure and what do we think costs are going to be prospectively.  So lot of this really relates to – and your seeing it just looking at the reinsurer models. People think the cost of catastrophe’s are going up. That’s difficult when in the last year for instance we didn’t have many and that’s where a lot of the dialogue needs to take place in my mind with actuary to actuary, looking at the reasonability of assumptions. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: All right, and then just to get off this, this question might be one for an Investor Day, but while we are at it, the access product in the health area that are doing so well for you, how do you see those products working in 2013 and then in particular in 2014, once ACA is implemented. 
Rob Pollock: Yes, so I’ll start and then I think Mike has some things he can add in, but the first things I’d say is these products are resonating around affordability and choice. So everyone would like to have a Cadillac planned, but they don’t all have a Cadillac budget, and the way we can put these products together allows them to say, this is what I really need and can afford and that combination has proven to be widely successfully as we talk to consumers. 
Mike Peninger : And I think you are raising a great question and probably would be worth a more in-depth conversation at some point, but there is a lot of question about who exactly will be buying on an exchange starting in 2014 and given that the rules around exchanges really haven’t been to find out exactly how the subsidies will work, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera, that there is a school of thought that says, most of the buyers on the exchanges will be heavily subsidies, but that remains to be seen, so that’s another things that will impact, but I think overall our belief is that healthcare costs are going to keep going up.  As Rob said we got products that help people that don’t have the Cadillac budgets deal with that reality and we don’t think that’s likely to change even as the new world unfolds. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay, let me ask this. These products, if my understanding is correct, if somebody post 2014 wants to buy these products, that person will be subject to the penalty/tax, is that correct? 
Rob Pollock: They are theoretically, but already at least what I’ve read is there are signals that its not going to be strongly enforced. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James: Okay. All right, thank you guys very, very much. 
Rob Pollock: Sure.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. Lastly we’ll go to the side of Mark Hughes with Suntrust Robinson Humphrey. Go ahead, your line is open. 
Rob Pollock: Good morning Mark.
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. Are you seeing much progress on the health exchanges? Are they communicating with the industry? Are you getting some insight as to how they are going to work? What’s going on there?
Rob Pollock: Yes, there is all kinds of different working groups on this. I’d say that the federal exchange is furthest ahead. We have our own comity within Assurant health looking at all these things, but state by sate they’ve got make decisions around, do I want to build my own exchange or be part of the federal exchange and they are trying to make those decisions.  At the federal level it’s a complicated process. They want to be able to, if you will, tap into tax returns and figure our subsidies that Mike was talking about earlier for the population. You can imagine there is a fair amount of complexity, but I think there is a lot of resource being put to being this to fruition.
Mike Peninger: I think it is another one though as Rob said Mark. Every state is really different and is going through their own calculus about do they want to build, do they want to tap into the federal, something certainly there is philosophical differences about the exchanges etcetera. So a lot of discussion, but the reality is we don’t have clear rules or definitions yet.  But saying all that, we are prepared to get ready to play on the exchanges that we deemed that’s the place to be and as rules are clarified and make that decision. 
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Am I right in assuming that the products are going to be uniform across the state? 
Rob Pollock: No, I don’t think so. I mean again, open question right. All that’s really been outlined is a certain actuarial value of what’s offered on the, we call it the metallic plant, gold, sliver, bronze. So they have to have a certain level of value, benefit value. My guess is lots of different ways to put those benefit values together, with the constraints of how some of the regulation is written. 
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Right, in California, I think you touched on some of this, but where you took those rate decreases, how did the economic, how are they impacted for, the services or other than the value chain lets say. You’ve obviously laid down or laid out the impact that you are feeling. What’s happening with others, not to name names, but generally speaking in those markets? 
Rob Pollock: Sorry, if you talk about the servicers, I can’t speak to other insurers. For instance, if there is a commission being paid to the servicer, they are going to get a commission on smaller premium. If they are participating on a reinsurance basis, its going to operate a little bit differently. So its going to be very client specific in terms of how those issues operate. 
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Right, and of the decline in premium, what proportion of that are you bearing the brunt of it? 
Rob Pollock: Well, we tried to outline in our estimates the impact on net NOI mark in a fully implemented state with a number of caveats. Obviously we put an estimate together based on the size of assumptions. I tried to outline those assumptions in my prepared remarks that might be worth taking a look at rather than going through them, but we also said we are working on operating improvements so that we minimize that number.
Mike Peninger: But again as Rob said Mark, the policy or the premium goes down, then a client who is reinsuring will get the pro-rata reduction in their seated premium too.
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Right. Okay, thank you very much. 
Rob Pollock: Thanks for joining us this morning. We encourage you to reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with additional questions. We look forward on updating you on our progress in the months ahead. 
Operator: This does conclude today’s teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett – Senior Vice President, IR Rob Pollock – President and CEO Mike Peninger – CFO Chris Pagano – CIO and Treasurer
Analysts: Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners John Nadel – Sterne Agee & Leach Sean Dargan – Macquarie Capital Edward Spehar – BofA/Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mark Hughes – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator:
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant's second quarter 2012 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Miss Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Miss Kivett.
Melissa Kivett: Thanks so much, and good morning everyone. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2012 results with you. Joining me on Assurant's conference call are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer, and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our second quarter results. Both the release and corresponding supplemental financial information are available on our website at Assurant.com. As a reminder, all prior period financial information presented in the release supplement and on this call reflects the new accounting guidance for deferred acquisition costs, which the company adopted as of January 1st, 2012. We'll start today's call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike, and Chris participating in the Q and A session. Some of the statements we make on today's call may be forward-looking. And actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on these factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday's new release as well as in our SEC reports including our 2011 form 10K available at Assurant.com. Today's call will also contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplement posted at Assurant.com. Now I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning everyone. Our results in the second quarter were strong. Our strategy to focus on growth in four targeted areas is working despite continued economic headwinds. We continued to return capital to shareholders via dividends and repurchase. Our activity demonstrates the long term value we believe our shares represent at current prices. We are pleased with our performance against the three important financial metrics we've highlighted before. First, we reported an annualized operating return on equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI of 14.4% for the quarter. This includes $19 million of income from real estate joint ventures, and $10 million of losses from reportable catastrophes. Year-to-date, annualized results stand at 14.6%. Second, growth in book value per diluted share excluding AOCI was 5.3% during the quarter. This brings the year-to-date growth to 9%. Third, revenue defined by net earned premiums and fee income grew by over 2% year-over-year to $1.9 billion. Year-to-date, the increase is 1.9%. Now let me comment on the businesses. In Solutions, despite a challenging retail sales environment, our business continued to grow through the addition of new clients. We were pleased to announce our mobile protection program will be offered to T-Mobile's 4G pre-paid customers. In combination with Telefonica and the Sprint tablet program, it demonstrates our ability to find creative solutions for clients and consumers in this fast growing segment. In international operations, we saw a modest improvement in our combined ratio. We continue to monitor European results carefully given the economic uncertainty in that region. In Specialty Property, we continued to see growth in both multi-family housing products and lender placed insurance. While the overall inventory of mortgage loans again declined modestly, we continued to add new loan portfolios. The programs and activities to prevent property foreclosures have caused our coverage to remain in effect far longer than we have seen historically or expected. As these loans resolve through foreclosure and short sale, which could accelerate, our premiums and earnings will decline. Lender placed returns will be lower than in the past, but as a specialty business, they will continue to be attractive. After Mike reviews the financial highlights for the quarter, I'll provide additional details and an update on the actions underway in our lender placed business. Assurant Health continues to make great progress in the post-reform environment. Health is offering affordable choice products for consumers, expanding distribution, and reducing operating expenses. As medical costs continue to increase, we believe consumers will find our affordable choice plans even more attractive. We are seeing the number of individuals covered under our programs growing. At Assurant Employee Benefits, net operating income improved as all product lines had favorable experience. Our new agreement with United Concordia announced in June will expand our dental network, which is now one of the largest in the industry. Our growth priority at Benefits is on voluntary products, which represented more than half of our sales for the quarter. Overall, we were pleased with our results, and believe we are well positioned. And with that, I'll turn it to Mike for more comments in the second quarter.
Mike Peninger: Thanks, Rob. I'll discuss a few second quarter highlights and priorities for each of our businesses starting with Assurant Solutions. During the second quarter, Solutions growth and net earned premiums and fees was led by Latin America and our domestic service contract business. The international combined ratio improved slightly versus the second quarter of 2011 after adjusting for non-recurring client settlement payments. The improvement was primarily due to better European underwriting results. We previously announced a lot of a domestic mobile client. We now know that this contract, which accounted for about $100 million of annualized earned premiums will end on October 1st, 2012. As Rob mentioned, we are very pleased to add new accounts, which will begin the process of replacing the lost business. Solutions remains very focused on achieving an annual return on equity of at least 14% by 2014. Up from what's currently running at about 10.5% excluding disclosed items. In this quarter's financial supplement, we've included additional information as an exhibit on page 23 to give you more insight into Solutions domestic, international, and pre-need returns. Reaching the 14% ROE goal requires growth as well as rigorous expense control. The main drivers will be our ability to grow our mobile business and improve profitability in Europe. We also expect to be able to grow our pre-need and domestic service contract products while maintaining their attractive margins. Specialty Property results in the second quarter were strong. We added a new under placed client, saw our existing clients expand, and continued to see increased placement rates year-over-year. Reportable catastrophe losses of $9.8 million this quarter were down substantially compared to the second quarter of 2011 as was our non-catastrophe loss ratio due to less severe spring weather. During the quarter, we on boarded the 2.1 million new loans we announced in the first quarter. These will begin to produce premiums in the third quarter. An additional 275,000 loans will be added in the third quarter due to a loan portfolio acquisition by one of our Specialty servicer clients. Since these policies will be flat cancelled, they will also begin producing premiums in the third quarter. Placement rates remain elevated reflecting experience on seriously delinquent loans. As the market resolves the backlog of delinquencies, placement rates will decline and reduce premiums and their contribution to our earnings. Our lender placed products currently account for about 70% of Specialty Properties premiums. And in the first six months of 2012, they accounted for just under 90% of the segment's income. Their percentage of total income can vary significantly depending on catastrophe experience and other factors. We saw a good progress in our multi-family housing products, which achieved double digit growth in net earned premiums and fees. The results of our SureDeposit acquisition continued to exceed our purchase assumptions. Assurant Health benefited from $13.9 million of after-tax real estate joint venture investment income. Results were strong even without this income as the business continued to focus on reducing operating expenses and expanding distribution. Loss ratios declined due to favorable loss experience and a change in product mix as affordable choice plans become a bigger proportion of the business. Second quarter expenses were down year-over-year by $12.9 million as we continue to streamline operations and improve our service to customers and agents. Sales of supplemental products improved as more consumers expanded their health insurance coverage. Individual market sales were up slightly as we continued to execute our network partnership with Aetna. Small group sales continued to be slow as small employers remain cautious about changing carriers while the market adapts to healthcare reform. Health had an excellent first half of the year. Going forward, certain provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act will make the business more challenging, but we are very encouraged by our progress. At Assurant Employee Benefits, net operating income improved in all major product lines driven by very favorable loss experienced in disability and $1.9 million of after-tax real estate joint venture investment income. While we were pleased to see improvement in our recoveries this quarter, we caution that incidents and recovery rates can be volatile from quarter to quarter. The disability environment remains difficult and maintaining this quarter's level of claim recoveries will be challenging. Our dental experience improved this quarter continuing the trend of the past two years. Life results were also good during the second quarter driven by favorable mortality. Earned premium decreased due to the previously announced loss of two assumed disability clients. Overall sales were down 2% as increases in dental sales were offset by decreases in life and disability sales. Our strategic focus on partnering with key brokers and our expanded product offerings continue to improve voluntary sales. Moving on to corporate matters, we ended the quarter with $632 million in total holding company capital after returning $180 million to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. During the second quarter, we took more than $183 million in dividends from our operating companies. And we expect our full year 2012 operating company dividends to at least equal operating company earnings. We believe our shares are a compelling buy at the current price. And expect to continue our share repurchases during the second half of the year. Though as always, our decisions around capital deployment will reflect a number of factors including our risk exposure and experience during hurricane season. Our investment portfolio continues to perform well. We reported $29.8 million in pre-tax income during the quarter from two real estate joint venture partnerships. These investments demonstrated our continuing to find value in this specialized asset collapse. Our low turnover investment strategy has helped us maintain yields. But like all insurers, we will continue to see yields decline in the current interest rate environment. And with that, I'll turn it back to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Mike. Since our first quarter earnings call, regulatory attention on the lender placed industry has escalated. We welcome the dialog and understand the benefits that greater clarity on these matters will provide. There is no single industry issue of greater priority for Assurant. We take to heart our responsibility as the industry leader in lender placed insurance. That is why we are pursuing every opportunity to share our best practices, offer ideas to improve the product and processes, and incorporate input from regulators. The on-going mortgage crisis in the U.S. continues to cause problems and concerns for many homeowners. But even during the crisis, it has been widely recognized that lender placed insurance serves an important role in helping the mortgage industry to operate more effectively. Lender placed products provide protection when voluntary coverage lapses or is unavailable to the borrower. Insuring that appropriate insurance maintained on properties is critical. Perhaps more so than at any other time in the history of the industry. Today, we want to share as much information as we can about actions we are taking to insure that Assurant remains the leader in lender placed insurance and the current status of regulatory discussions. Let me begin with the actions we have underway. To meet the changing needs of the lending and housing industries, we are working with regulators to introduce a next generation lender placed product to address some of the unanticipated issues that have developed during the housing crisis. This product will combine flexibility and best practices to address the concerns of various parties including expanded geographic ratings within each state to further differentiate rates for properties more exposed to catastrophe damage from those where the risk is lower. Adding premium rated flexibility from deductible options that can be modified based on factors such as coverage amount and delinquency status. And continued enhancements to our already extensive customer notification process to make it absolutely clear to borrowers when they have lender placed insurance. As a proven leader with the systems and capacity to provide unique servicing capabilities for millions of loans, we want help set the pace for a comprehensive next generation lender placed solution. This is a message we are sharing with our clients as well as policy makers and regulators. Let's move to updates on our discussions. At the national level, we have had several productive conversations with the staff at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. We have shared details of our operation and the practices we currently follow along with additional ideas for improvement. By September of this year, the CFPB expects to issue proposed regulations resulting from Dodd-Frank, which will address lender placed insurance disclosures as well as other servicing issues. We've met with the FHFA, Fannie Mae, and Freddy Mac to understand their views and have provided detailed analysis and recommendations for lender placed programs. We've continued to speak with Fannie Mae regarding the RFP issued earlier this year. Based on our discussions with the GSE's, the FHFA, and the mortgage servicers, we believe we can help create a sustainable solution that meets the needs of all interested parties. In August, we will participate in the public forum on lender placed insurance being held by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners as part of its' annual summer meeting. We will join other industry experts to explain the important role lender placed insurance plays in safeguarding both homeowners and investors. At the state level, in California, we have made the reflective rate filings and have continued our dialog with the Department of Insurance about our proposed rates. While we originally expected a decision in July regarding our filing, this process is now expected to take a little longer. And at this time, we do not expect a final approval until September. In New York, we have submitted our next generation product and met with the Department of Financial Services since the May hearings. With their input, we believe we can tailor a new lender placed program to address specific issues pertaining to New Yorkers. As I hope is clear, there is an enormous amount of work underway. We recognize that all the changes and ultimately a more normal housing market will mean that our lender placed revenues will decline. And so too will our profits in this business. But we believe the returns though lower than recent years will continue to be attractive. The Specialty Property team in engaged at every level. We are doing everything possible to initiate in dialog with regulators, provide value to mortgage servicers, protect homeowners and investors, and insure we remain the recognized leader in the lender placed industry. No one in the industry has the expertise, market presence, and operational capabilities to was Assurant's lender placed team does. Every day, we help homeowners and mortgage servicers by providing exceptional levels of quality and efficiency. And with that, we can move into the Q and A portion of the call. Operator, first question please.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. (Operator instructions). And our first question comes from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Good morning.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Rob, thanks so much for those additional comments. Regarding, I guess, the product change, is this a proactive decision, or sort of a directive decision? And then, in terms of the delayed response from California, has there been sort of back and forth discussions between you and them, or are you just waiting for a response on their part?
Rob Pollock: Sure, so you know, I think in context, Chris, we have been looking and recognize that there have just been changes in cause by the housing crisis, and we are trying to take steps to adapt, and it’s things that we have been working on for a period of time to do that. So, you know, I think we’ve been proactive – you know, things always take a little longer than you would like them to take, but it’s things that we’ve been working on for a while. You know, the – all the things that we look at I think are set up to address and provide flexibility to a variety of different things we’ve seen as well as having been provided from, you know, the GSE’s, the regulator’s, et cetera. We’re trying to take, you know, all of those into account, and unfortunately, I think, you’ve got a new [inaudible] with the flexibility to do that. You know, with California, you know, again, we are engaged in the process, I just think it’s just taken a bit longer than we thought, but I don’t think there is anything you should read into the fact that, you know, it’s been moved back a bit.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then the additional disclosure within solutions – I mean, I think they are very helpful. The international piece, I guess, is sort of the one area that obviously doesn’t look like it’s earning the type of ROE’s that you guys would like, and you have clearly indicated a focus on improving that area. But through this and you’re confidence given some of the pressures we are seeing in Europe in terms of one, growth, and then two, improving the international combine ration?
Rob Pollock: Right, I can take a shot at that, Chris. I think when we think at internal, clearly we are focused on Europe as being the most challenging from a growth stand point given the economic issues there. We have seen, you know, excellent growth over time in Latin America and Canada. So, you now, our international businesses is a blend of all of those places, so we have added new clients. The improvement that is going to drive that international ROE up is, I think, you know, disproportionately going to come from Europe as we continue to address the underwriting and pricing issues there, and hopefully add some new clients. We are very focused on getting some clients in our target areas, but if that doesn’t happen then we’ll take the necessary actions on the expense side. So, yes, I just add to that, Chris, because I think that was an excellent summary Mike provided. Remember our near term goal was to get the UK to break even by mid ’13 – we’ve got a business that is dragging IOE there, and that’s step one in correcting that overall, and that will help quite a bit.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks, I will get back in the cue.
Rob Pollock: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James and Associates.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Hey, good morning everybody – a few questions here. It was mentioned that you’ve got a new portfolio coming on in the lender place business – 275,000 new loans – that’s a flat cancel. Did you mention what the placement rate is on that?
Rob Pollock: I don’t believe we did, but I think the important point is the one that you hit on that will be a flat cancel versus un-renewal, and we’re going to see premium producing in that portfolio in the third quarter, Steven.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Right.
Rob Pollock: And we’ll have a good idea on what, you know, the placement rate will look like, because we haven’t boarded those loans yet.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay, so – all right.
Rob Pollock: You know, I think in contrast we’ve boarded 2.1 million loans, but – and they show up in our totals, but those are going to produce business on renewal, and because we have boarded them, we have an idea that their placement rate will be in that 1% range.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Right, yes, okay – so, that is the number that you gave first quarter. Okay, and then moving on, Rob, you made a statement, ACA – some ACA regs coming on board will make the second half more challenging. Could you detail what those are?
Rob Pollock: Sure, actually Mike made the comment, and I will let him talk about it.
Mike Peninger: PPACA has got some provisions relating – primarily relating around experience credibility, Steven – you know, you’ve got in our – remember the MLR calculation is state-by-state and legal entity-by-legal entity, so, there’s an enormous number of sells in that calculation and there is credibility factors in the calculation. If you have a relatively small amount of premium in any cell, and so that has an impact on – if your experience is better, you get the benefit of that to a certain extent when it is not credible, but as the PPACA, as the years go on, their provisions in the law where the credibility adjustment changes making the target, the MLR requirement higher. So, sorry if – it’s a relatively complicated calculation, hopefully that is a little bit clearer.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates:
Rob Pollock: But on that business, the important thing to remember that – Mike lead to this, we’re ultimately going to have to – our margins have got to come out of the difference between the loss ratio that we need to provide and the premium that we collect, and that will be bound on what we can learn.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Right, right – and then, one more and then I will get back in the cue as well. Mike, the recoveries were good in DI, how is incidents in the quarter?
Mike Peninger: Incidents has remained pretty stable for us, you know, we have seen that trend in the recent couple of years, Steven, that our incident has remained relatively stable, it’s been the recovery that has been more of a challenge for us over time, and we have very good experience this quarter. I just reiterate what I said that results on the recoveries particularly can be volatile from quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: For our next question we’ll move to Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
Rob Pollock: Morning Mark.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Good morning, I have a few. I guess you mentioned that the CFPB should have something out in September, I’m just curious is it your view that based on the discussions you’ve held with them that is will have fundamental changes in how this business is operated?
Rob Pollock: Remember this CFPB is very focused on the RESPA guidelines Steven…
Rob Pollock: Right, which, you know, may well influence how servicers present information etcetera. I think it’s fundamentally going to be around disclosures and we feel pretty good that our disclosures are good and we have some ideas on how to make them better.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: You know, New York and California the two very public states, can you just give us a feel for what’s kind of happening in some other states, for example, Florida or other states that maybe aren’t quite as public as New York and California in terms of the lender placed business and rate filings?
Rob Pollock: Sure we have regular filings and discussions with all the different states over time. I think we’ve tried to highlight the issues where we’re having discussions around rate right now. So I don’t see anything on the horizon particularly in Florida. You know, we certainly have the issues where lender place is going to be discussed at the NAIC meetings. We welcome that opportunity because we think it will be an opportunity for all parties to present how the product works, the essential nature of the product, and it’ll allow us to show how we’ve been an innovator in other areas of the lender placed industry at prior times.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Maybe just moving on, to go back to I think it was Chris’s question, on the international OR we have 2%, you have the profit strain of the UK and some other underperforming businesses, you also have investment spend in Latin America and Asia, wherever – how do you think about that path of 2% and how much is contributed from, in terms of getting to double digit returns or getting to double digit returns? What is the path in terms of the pieces of the business that are underperforming versus kind of the investment spend starting to subside?
Rob Pollock: Okay, Mike you want to start?
Mike Peninger: Well I think again Mark we’ve got the issues in Europe that we’re very focused on. There we have targeted sales efforts that vary , you know, targeted areas. Mobile, for example. And we’re looking at expenses very closely in conjunction with that. So to the extent we’re able to find clients in those targeted areas that’s great, that will help us, and we’ll get some growth there. To the extent the growth isn’t there then we need to address expenses in Europe. And so those are the primary focus in Europe, where growth is the most challenging for us. In Latin America, we’ve added new clients and there to your point we have added some, made investments in expenses to build up the capability to service that business. And remember also that we’ve got, to the extent that we sell service contracts, we’ve got the delayed nature of the revenue recognition because we don’t recognize revenue on extended services contracts until the manufacturer’s warranty wears off. So that business is going to slowly ramp up there and so the challenge in Latin America then is to keep finding those new clients and then start to leverage that infrastructure that we’ve built there. So I think those are kind of the main things that I’d point to.
Rob Pollock: Yes, I think that the Latin America situation if you turn and look at China, China we’ve had pure investment for a number of years. We announced the five star deal, it’s mostly service contract business, but we now have what we believe is an embedded set of contracts on the business that are going to earn in the future. And I think Mike detailed how we’ve made a lot of progress on that in Latin America, we now have that going on in China as well. So we have some very developed markets, Canada and Puerto Rico. We have LatAm that we’re making lots of progress on. We’ve got Europe that we’ve got to get first and we’ve got China that I think is also going to start being a future add to our earning. So I think that we’ve got every one of these buckets moving in a positive direction in that international area.
Mark Finkelstein - Evercore Partners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we’ll take a question from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, John.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Good morning, Rob. Good morning, Mike. A couple of questions. So all these conversations with the, boy it sounded like so much alphabet soup, but with the GSE that you’ve been having, I’m just wondering if you can give us any sense for where things may be headed there. For instance, I’ve heard that there have been some discussions about the GSE’s potentially taking on near REO properties in addition to the already fully foreclosed properties that we know they already self-insure. I was wondering if you had any thoughts on that.
Rob Pollock: Well I think the big thing as we’ve talked to the different people, John, is just getting an alignment among of the GSE. You know, the FHFA kind of is the regulator over both of those, if you will, or sets direction over both. And I think the first thing they’re looking to do is just, how do we get alignment and make sure some consistency is going on here. You know, I think that we’ve got a lot of unique capabilities that can help them with whatever solution they want to land on. And we’ve proposed a number of things to do that in terms of sitting down and showing them things we might do. So I think the real key is for them to just decide what they want to do and we’re trying to help them in that process.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay, along those lines, Rob, in terms of some of the potential solutions of ways that it could change, I wonder do you think there’s any real potential that Assurant could be an insurance provider, you know, for the GSEs? I know they’ve been self-insuring now for at least the history that I know about. I’m wondering if there’s a chance that that could shift?
Rob Pollock: Well it’s certainly something we’re trying to talk to them about historically. I think they’re focused on other things right now, John, so we don’t want to give up on that, but I wouldn’t put that as probably as what we’ve seen as the top of their list.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay, and then separately but still related to lender place, I’m just wondering given the New York division seems so focused on the re-insurance arrangements with you servicer clients and it seems – I think, if memory serves, JP Morgan at the hearing indicated that they reinsure 75% of the premiums in your contract. I’m just wondering if there’s been any movement toward terminating those re-insurance arrangements?
Rob Pollock: So again, we don’t disclose particulars of relationship with clients. All the deals are unique. That would require, you know, JP Morgan saying they want to do something different John. As it relates to the department itself, remember we’ve had our discussions, there were others who were at the hearing, I’m sure they’ve had discussions, but we’ve not been privy to any of those.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee : Okay, so would it be your expectation that ultimately re-insurance arrangements are terminated or…
Rob Pollock: I wouldn’t speculate on that.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. And then finally turning to health, I mean, obviously a terrific quarter even if we take out the real estate income. It looks like sort of achieving 4% or darn close to it, 4% after tax margin and north of 15% ROE. You know, Mike you mentioned in your opening remarks some additional provisions that were going to be coming on from the reform that might mean that this level of earnings is not necessarily sustainable. Could you just give us a little bit more help in understanding what’s coming on in the near terms and how much of a pullback in earnings we should expect before we ramp back towards that 4%?
Rob Pollock: Mike can give the details, but I want to go back and just provide a little color here. John, remember what we’ve said is we think we can get to that 4% after tax margin once PPACA is fully implemented, which is after 2014. We said along the way we have a lot to do, but we can make progress as we go there. But understand the way that the PPACA legislation implements on a year-by-year basis. We’ve got to make progress and the legislation will push back at things a little bit, so we’ll have that to overcome. So again, I want to put it in the broad context of I think we’re quite pleased with the progress we’re making, but we’ve got more progress to make. And then Mike, you want to talk about the…
Mike Peninger: Yes, maybe in a little more – I mentioned the credibility issues earlier John, but if you look at our loss ratio this quarter, I think it was in 73% kind of range in health. And if you think about, I think we’ve talked on past calls, this idea that the MLR is 80% and that translates into something lower than that on a gap basis because gap and MLR calculations are somewhat different. But if you think about business subject to the MLR is going to run probably a little bit higher than 75%, 75, 76, 77, somewhere in that range then you’ve got non-MLR business and that’s where some of the affordable options that we talked about is going to run probably a bit lower loss ratio. And when you start to look at a blend. And then the challenge going forward relating that I referred to on the call is primarily the credibility adjustment to the extent that we have non-credible business we’re currently getting the benefit of some of that lower loss ratio. But over time we get less benefit from that as PPACA rolls out further over time. So when you’ve got to look at the blend of all these things when you think about what our loss ratio is going to be going forward. And I think the bottom line is going to be higher than say the 73%, but that’s why it’s so important that we continue to sell new sales of the non-MLR products and continue the work we’re doing to ratchet down expenses, that’s how we sustain the returns.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: What proportion, just as a quick follow-up, what proportion of the in-force premiums or health segment reserves, I’m not sure what way you’d be willing to talk about this, but what proportion of that is the newer health access, non-MLR type products, at this point.
Rob Pollock: Yes, we haven’t disclosed that yet and it’s relatively modest at this point because these products are starting, you know, we’ve started to really focus on them the last couple of years in the post reform environment, so they’re growing nicely. But they started from sort of a small base.
Mike Peninger: But at some point in the future that is something we will figure out how to disclose. I think the other one that just goes along with it again, is we’re also pleased with the progress we’re making with the networks in the comprehensive or PPACA world as well and we think we’ll have more of those sales in the second half of the year too.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: That’s helpful. Solid progress in health, absolutely. Thank you.
Operator: Next we move to Sean Dargan with Macquarie Securities for a question.
Rob Pollock: Good Morning Sean.
Sean Dargan – Macquarie Capital : Good Morning, thank you. In special property I realize that the revenue guidance for the year, I guess, for the year is going up. But, when we think about the steady state estimate that you put out earlier with a combined ratio of 84 to 88%, and expense ratio of 44 to 46%, is that still the way we should be thinking about this business in the out-years?
Rob Pollock: You know, that’s a reasonable way to think about it. Let’s just reflect for a second on all the changes we’ve seen that have been caused in the last few years. Because I think it’s important, and we’re trying to deal with all these factors as well. So, if you’d gone back three years ago, we saw a huge consolidation of loan portfolios with the big players. Now we’re seeing a deconsolidation and move to the specialty players. So, that’s a fundamental difference that’s taking place. Second, you know, we’re in a situation where delinquent loans have remained high, causing placements to be high. Third, we’ve seen voluntary carriers reducing their exposure in cap prone areas, and we’re seeing out exposure in cap prone areas increase. So, all these factors are causing us to look at the business a little bit differently then we have in the past. We do feel the big issues on resolution of these delinquent loans, and their movement to either foreclosure or short-sale is likely going to cause our revenues to come down. I have not been very good at estimating that, via the placement rate on when that’s going to happen, because it’s just very difficult to predict. But we do understand that ultimately a normalized housing market will lead the lower earnings, but we’re still going to have good returns in the business.
Sean Dargan – Macquarie Capital : Now, I realize those returns will be lower than they have been. Can you give us any…
Rob Pollock: I think we tried to provide that guidance Sean, with that look at the combined ratios. Combined ratios going to go up a little bit. And you can think of that in a couple of different ways. One is, you know, our other products don’t have as attractive of combined ratios, as Lender- Placed Product has had. The second thing is, you know, some of our expenses in Lender-Placed are fixed. Our tracking system, the cost of running that tracking system are not going to go down when we have fewer policies enforced.
Sean Dargan – Macquarie Capital : Okay, thank you. And just a follow-up about the real estate (inaudible) I think that’s the first time it showed up in a number of years. Do you expect to see more of that in the near future?
Rob Pollock: I’m going to turn it over the Chris, because I think he can provide some good collar here.
Chris Pagano: Sure, Hi Sean. Let me make just a couple comments, because as you mentioned, we haven’t talked about the real estate portfolio in quite a while. You know, when we think about real estate, we think of it as kind of a specialty (inaudible) class for us. And, you know, we’ve been in the business for the better part of the last 20 years. It’s a very small part of the portfolio. If you look at the end of the second quarter, the book value of the real estate portfolio was a little less than $240 million. It doesn’t produce consistent quarterly gap income, and you see that in the supplement. It’s the main reason we don’t include it when we give you investment yield calculations. You know, the approach that we take is very Bottoms-Up opportunistic. We don’t have set timetables around acquisition and dispositions. You know the two partnerships that made up the $29 million of income this quarter, one was in the portfolio less than two years, and the other one was in the portfolio almost twelve years. So, what we do focus on though is, long term value, cash-on-cash return, and we’ve been very successful at it over the years. Going forward, just to give you an estimate, there’s probably about $55 or $60 million of value in the current portfolio that over time we’ll be able to monetize. But there’s no set timeframe around how long that’s going take. Again, we want to be opportunistic, we want to let market conditions dictate the investment strategy. You know, the other thing to remember though is, it’s cash return, $19-plus million of after tax profit came into the company last quarter, and I look at that as deployable capital, which we’ll ultimately be able to get up to the holding company and use either for buy backs or to fund profitable growth opportunities.
Sean Dargan – Macquarie Capital : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will go to Edward Spehar – Bank of America
Rob Pollock: Good Morning Ed.
Edward Spehar – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good morning everyone. A few questions, I guess specifically on New York, are you going to provide us at some point do you think anytime soon in terms of what type of rate reduction or sort of targeted margins you might be thinking about on this new generation of your product?
Rob Pollock: The first thing we’ve tried to do Ed, is bound the premium that will be subject to things. I think we’ve identified that as $63 million in the state of New York. Obviously, we’re having discussions and when we have resolution, we definitely will let people know where things have landed.
Edward Spehar – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Do you get any sense, like you’ve given us some good detail on sort of the timeline or expectations around California, do you have anything similar that you can provide at this point for New York?
Rob Pollock: I don’t believe I do Ed, but when we have something, we’ll certainly provide it.
Edward Spehar – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then a related question is: The NAIC meeting, is there any specific agenda that they have or any proposals that have been put forth by anyone to be discussed there. Or is it pretty open ended type of…
Rob Pollock: Yes, I think it’s an opened forum.
Chris Pagano: Both sides will be represented in the discussions, and I think that, you know, there’s just been a general interest to learn more about the Lender-Placed industry. The good news to me is, we have a number of people within the NAIC who are quite impacted and see the need for capacity of Lender-Placed insurance, and they’ll be there as well.
Edward Spehar – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay, it’s not like a yes or no minimum loss ratios or anything like that?
Rob Pollock: No.
Edward Spehar – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then one last question; With regard to the International ROE and Solutions, can you give us any sense just roughly where that ROE would be if we thought about, you know, Europe and sort of a normal economy or economic recovery type of scenario. Not necessarily targeted ROE’s in Europe or anything else, but just if the environment was a little more normalized?
Rob Pollock: Well, I think the improvement in Europe is going to come from a combination of some combination of growth and expenses Ed. I don’t think we’re prepared at this point to tell you, you know, to split the equity, the international equity, but to sort of, I think what you’re asking, but we can say that the bulk of – if we think about – you can sort of see from our disclosure and do the numbers, you know, that the international ROE (inaudible) I think previously provided the losses we had in the U.K. I can’t remember what that was, but I think we said about $35 million. Just think about that going to break even.
Edward Spehar – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay, so something similar type of magnitude to that.
Rob Pollock: Right, now recognize that we’ve made progress, it’s not at $35 anymore, but there’s still, you know, we’re not going to break even till the middle of next year.
Edward Spehar – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We move now to Jeffrey Schuman with KBW.
Rob Pollock: Good Morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good Morning, thank you. I was wondering if you could talk a little more about some of the concepts you mentioned for the next generation Lender-Placed product. I’m a little slow, so I could use a little help there. So, for example, the expanded geographic rating, I guess the idea is you would – the rating would be more sensitive to levels of cap exposures, is that the basic idea?
Rob Pollock: That would be one of them. I mean, I think – let’s start and go back historically. You know, this has been a very simple product, and one of the reasons for it is, we wanted to be differentiated from the voluntary market, we take all-comers, and you know the basic genesis of it was in a different time in the housing industry. When we sit down and look at things, there are things we can do differently, and a lot of it really relates to an ability to do things in concert with our mortgage servicers. So, for instance, we have to have interface and system capabilities to address different things. You brought up geographic rating, and we think that’s one of them. Clearly if you look at some of our coastal areas, being able to offer different rates on the coast than inland, that certainly makes sense to us, okay. But you can also get into, well maybe they want something else different. May be they want deductibles that vary by the value of the home, okay, or delinquency status. These are all things we’ve looked to figure out how to build into the product in response to just things we’ve heard from different constituents.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Yes, I guess, it’s not immediately clear to me. Some of this responds more to some things the servicers are looking for. Does this somehow also address some of the regulator concerns, and if these kind of changes have an obvious directional bias to your revenues and earnings?
Rob Pollock: A couple different things: We’re trying to respond to everyone, so the servicers are our clients, and first we have to have enabling capabilities to respond to what’s going on. And the good news is we have the systems and infrastructure that can deal with a lot of these things, that’s quite important. In some cases the servicers may have limitations with how their systems operate to deal with things. Then you have ideas being offered in by the (GSE’s) or the regulators. We’re trying to provide a comprehensive solution that can respond to all those things. So you know, again, when that housing market normalizes, when we put the new product out there, we know in total our earnings are going to be smaller, but our returns are still going to be good.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, that’s helpful. Just one other thing: On the kind of state by state regulatory read, it sounds like outside of New York and California you’re not having the same types of conversations. I’m wondering if that at this point is more of a reflection that those states have reviewed the issue, and are find with the rates, or is it more the situation as we see in some cases, that the smaller department sometimes defer to leadership of California and New York and (inaudible) off the outcome there?
Rob Pollock: Again, I think let’s take a starting point here. And the starting point to me is there’s a recognized kind of thought process that there’s an essential need for this product. How it prices can be debated, the need for the product is uniformed. Everyone sees that it’s essential to making mortgage lending in the housing industry work. You know, we’ve had conversations with many regulars. I could name them, I’m sure. So, that’s not the point, but these are the two that are front and center, and we’re trying to engage in active dialogue with them and get to a solution here, and we think the new product can be a big part of that.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, thanks a lot Rob.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Hughes with Suntrust.
Mark Hughes – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. I don’t know if you care to throw out a number, but if you did give full credibility to some of these loss numbers in the various states, how much would that impact the overall loss ratio, say if all this was kicked in immediately?
Rob Pollock : Yeah, I think you’ve got to look at the loss ratio that we present, Mark, the 73%, as I said, you think about fully credible MLR business running somewhere at above 75%, as I said. You know, you’re going to have – our overall aggregate loss ratio is then going to be a blend of that MLR business and the non-MLR business. So the number would move depending on the mix.
Mark Hughes – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: And then if I did all that math, where would I come up at?
Rob Pollock: I – you know, we don’t have that with us right now, Mark. I mean, we can try and look to provide further insight on that in future calls, but I think the more important thing is to remember that fully comes into effect in 2014. So you know, as Mike pointed out, we’re doing 260 calculations to calculate all the rebates because they vary by legal entity, they vary by state, small group, individual, it would take a fair amount of work to do that and we just don’t have it with us right now.
Mark Hughes – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Exactly. Understood. And then how about the –in the benefits business, any comment on underlying pricing, you know, assuming your employee count or customer count stays steady? What are the pricing trends generally?
Rob Pollock : I think that certainly the market is raising prices on disability, Mark, in response to the interest-rate environment and some of the challenges and incidents in recovery that various carriers are seeing. You know, I think we probably started a little bit earlier than some others, but you know, I think the renewal rates are definitely going up. I hesitate to put out a number, but we’re getting a meaningful – meaningful increases in renewal pricing.
Mark Hughes – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you, very much.
Operator: And our last question is coming from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Thanks so much for the follow up. Just a question on capital management. I guess, you know, you mentioned 380 million of deployable capital and you know, when we look back I guess over the past couple years in the periods where concerns are around sort of regulator inquires and specialty property kind of prop up, you know, going back to the fall of 2010 I guess with the banker article last summer and then you know, the second quarter of this year and you look at the corresponding activity that you guys did with share repurchases, you know, you were repurchasing 160 million, you know, at share prices and call it in the 32 to 34 range. So when we think about sort of the pace of share repurchases going forward, should we be thinking when shares are at this level, that’s the level of share buybacks we should be assuming or should we say, you know what, this is a sustainable rate just given how much deployable capital you guys currently have?
Rob Pollock: Yeah, just a quick comment. First, we’ve tried to reiterate we see the share price as very attractive. I think Mike and I both said it, I think Chris said it too. And you know, we tend to buy through 10B51 programs, we try and take into account the current situation when we set that 10B51 program into effect. Chris, you want to provide a little more color there?
Chris Pagano: Yeah, I guess a couple comments. I mean, again, when I think about share repurchase, you know, certainly buying back at current prices is a prudent use of deployable capital. There’s no question about that. But the goal here is to be disciplined about returning capital, be in the market consistently and also as we head into CAT season, be careful about maintaining what we talked about and called a seasonal buffer. So as we head into the wind season, we’re going to probably – we’re going to need to likely hold more than the 250 capital buffer that we’ve talked about. In terms of the pace or the degree at which we’re buying relative to share price, you know, we’re not trying to market [inaudible]. The goal and the use of the 10B51 program is to allow us to be in there consistently through blackout periods and again, returning the capital to the shareholders. The other thing to keep in mind is that, you know, even given the significant amount of repurchase activity over the last 18 months or so, you know, shareholder’s equity [inaudible] has not changed at all. Okay? So this is as much a cash flow profitability story as it is a repurchase story.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just as a quick follow up, is there anything going, I mean, a lots going on in the regulatory side, is there anything that you guys see on the horizon that could preclude you from repurchasing stock or is, you know, your 10B5 program basically diminish the risk there?
Rob Pollock: Well, the way we like to run the repurchase program is quick 10B51 program’s in place to get us through blackout and we go into the next open period, we recalibrate our outlook for capital and then put another program in that will take us to the next blackout period. Now again, keep in mind that also spans quarter end so it’s difficult to link quarterly repurchase activity to the programs that we put in place. But if we do find ourselves in an open period, blacked out for a reason other than earnings, then that’s going to affect what’s going on.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you very much.
Rob Pollock : Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Melissa Kivett – Senior Vice President, IR Rob Pollock – President and CEO Mike Peninger – CFO Chris Pagano – CIO and Treasurer
Analysts:  Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jimmy Bhullar – JP Morgan Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mark Hughes – Suntrust John Nadel – Sterne Agee 
Operator:  Welcome to the Assurant First Quarter 2012 Financial Results conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode throughout today’s call, until after our prepared remarks and then we will conduct a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett. 
Melissa Kivett:  Thanks, Lauren, and good morning, everyone. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2012 results review. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer.  Yesterday afternoon, we issued a news release announcing our first quarter results. Both the release and corresponding supplemental financial information are available at Assurant.com.  Please not that all prior period financial information presented in the release supplement and on this call reflects the new accounting guidance for deferred acquisition costs, which the company adopted at January 1, 2012.  We’ll start today’s call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike, and Chris participating in the Q&A. Some of the statements we make on today’s call may be forward looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on the factor that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday’s news release as well as our SEC reports, including our 2011 Form 10-K, available at Assurant.com.  Today’s call will also contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company’s performance. For more details of these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and the financial supplement posted on our website at Assurant.com.  Now, I’ll turn the call over to Rob. 
Rob Pollock:  Thanks, Melissa, and good morning everyone. We are pleased with our results in the first quarter with each business increasing earnings compared to the first quarter of 2011. We also continued to return capital to shareholders while maintaining a strong capital position.  We measure our performance against three important financial metrics. First, we reported an annualized operating return on equity, excluding AOCI of 14.6% during the first quarter.  Second, growth in book value per diluted share, excluding AOCI, was 3.5% during the quarter.  Third, revenue, defined by net earned premiums and fee income, grew by over 1.5% year over year to 1.9 billion. Despite economic challenges, we are producing profitable growth.  In Solutions, the areas identified for growth are service contracts, pre-need, international and mobile, which we previously described as wireless. The term mobile recognizes the proliferation of smartphones and tablets in the lives of consumers. Pre-need and our domestic mobile and service contract businesses are delivering returns above our ROE targets. In international operations, profitability improved and we continue to see revenue grow in Latin America.  In China, we were pleased to add a prominent client, Jang Su Five Star Limited, a wholly-owned affiliate of Best Buy. We expect this partnership to generate more than 100,000 million in annual revenue in three to four years.  Moving to Europe, the continuing financial crisis has triggered greater levels of austerity and a recession. Although our results there have improved, we are taking a hard look at our performance versus expectations to ensure we can achieve our return targets in what we believe will continue to be a difficult environment.  In Specialty Property, we maintain the number of loans tracked, despite the overall shrinking market. We were able to do so by winning new loan portfolios for tracking and by our clients acquiring additional loans. We continue to expect placement rates to return to more normal levels as seriously delinquent loans start to resolve.  Assurant Health continues to make great progress in implementing it’s strategy. We’ve been successful in expanding our distribution this year, and are pleased to announce a partnership with American Family Insurance Company.  American Family’s broad network of agents will now exclusively sell our individual health policies to their customers. We have a specialty strategy that can be successful no matter now the Supreme Court rules on the Healthcare Reform case. We are focused on meeting the needs of individuals with a range of affordable product offerings. At the same time, we are finding ways to operate more efficiently. Small employers, the primary customers of Assurant Employee Benefits, continue to face challenging economic times. We are further tailoring our business model to focus more sharply on voluntary products, which are increasingly important to our customers and their employees.  We believe our specialized voluntary enrollment and customer service capabilities already give us a competitive advantage in the small employer market. We are investing in tools and technology to expand this advantage.  With that, I’ll turn to Mike for more comments on the quarter. 
Mike Peninger: Thanks Rob. I’ll discuss a few quarter highlights and priorities for each of our business segments starting with Assurant Solutions.  During the first quarter, Solutions’ growth in net earned premium and fees was again led by Latin America and we also saw growth in our domestic service contract business. The profitability of our domestic mobile pre-need and extended service contract businesses was above our ROE targets.  The international combined ratio improved by about 230 basis points versus the first quarter of last year after adjusting for a nonrecurring premium tax benefit in Canada, with all international regions contributing to improvement. Solutions’ annualized ROE in the first quarter was just over 12% after adjusting for this disclosed item and we were pleased with the continuation of the improvement we saw last year.  Profitability is, however, still short of the overall 14 to 16% ROE target for the business. A major driver of the short fall continues to be Europe, which as Rob indicated, is an area of particular focus.  Let me offer a few comments on our results there beginning with the U.K. where we’ve taken many actions to improve profitability.  We’ve adjusted prices, modified contract terms, and discontinued the sale of several products. While results have steadily improved, we still do not expect the U.K. to reach breakeven profitability until mid-2013. More broadly in Europe, the poor economy has made it difficult to write new business in our other countries. We’ve reduced expenses to reflect the lower growth outlook.  The major 2012 priorities for Solutions are to continue the profitable growth in our targeted areas that we saw in the first quarter, while accelerating improvement in European profitability. We expect these efforts, along with rigorous expense control, to lead to an ROE in our target range of 14 to 16% for Solutions in 2014.  Specialty Properties results in the first quarter were strong, aided by growth from new loan portfolios and very mild winter weather with no significant storm activity.  Recently, we were awarded 2.1 million new loans in a competitive bidding process and expect to move them onto our system in the second quarter. Premium production will begin in the third quarter. Our policies will replace existing policies at renewal, so implementation will be completed by the third quarter of 2013. These loans, today, have an average placement rate of about 1%.  We were pleased by progress in our multi-family housing products, which achieved double-digit growth in net earned premium and fees as our SureDeposit acquisition continues to perform well.  Assurant Health continued its focus on reducing operating expenses and expanding distribution. For the first quarter, expenses were down year over year by $17.4 million as we continue to simplify our operations and improve our service to customers and agents. Compared to the same period a year ago, total individual medical sales were up due to growth of health access and supplemental products. Our new network agreement with AETNA Signature Administrators and marketing agreement with American Family should improve sales of all of our individual products.  At Assurant Employee Benefits, net operating income improved primarily due to better life insurance mortality experience. Disability incidents rates improved slightly from the elevated levels we saw in the fourth quarter but recovery experience remains challenging.  We continue to see significant lengthening of the Social Security decision making process for disability claim adjudication, which negatively impacts our results.  Our dental experience was slightly better than last year, as the trend for improved loss ratios continued.  Overall, earned premiums declined due pricing actions on an assume block of disability insurance and the loss of a disability client. However, the voluntary business, again, demonstrated growth.  Our strategic focus on distribution through key brokers and our expanded offerings continue to improve sales of voluntary products.  Moving on to corporate matters, we ended the first quarter with $600 million in total holding company capital after returning roughly $115 million to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. We continue to believe that our shares are attractively priced.  Our investment portfolio continues to perform well. We remained focused on preserving the portfolios overall book yield in the low interest rate environment, and we continue to monitor events in Europe where our exposures are modest and manageable. And with that I’ll turn it back to Rob.
Rob Pollock : Thanks Mike. I want to spend a few moments to provide you with comments on our lender placed business in light of the regulatory inquiries.  Let me start by outlining our key messages. We utilize consumer focused processes in our notification of borrowers when there may be a potential lapse in insurance. Of the properties identified with the potential lapse, our process resolves 85% of them. This ultimately has resulted in an overall placement rate of less than 3% of the loans tracked.  Unlike conventional carriers we cannot underwrite or exclude individual properties. Major catastrophes are frequent. But when they do occur, the claims we pay on behalf of homeowners could be significant. Industry models have projected increased frequency in cost of catastrophes, particularly along the Eastern seaboard.  Along with other factors, this is causing conventional carriers to raise rates and limit exposures, which impacts our business.  To update you on developments in New York, we continue to cooperate with the Department of Financial Services, along with other companies, we will participate in their upcoming hearings.  Overall, we continue to effectively run the business and focus on the needs of our customers and clients. Last week we rang the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange to recognize our 120th anniversary and affirm the enduring values of Assurant; common sense, common decency, uncommon thinking, and uncommon results. Those values are also reflected in our track record of adapting to changing markets. Our priorities are clear; to make Assurant more efficient, to focus on long-term profitable growth, and to generate superior returns for our shareholders.  And with that, we can move into the Q&A portion of our call. Operator first question please.
Rob Pollock:  Morning, Ed.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Good morning, everyone.
Rob Pollock:  Ed.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hey, a few questions. First, clarification, the partnership with American Family, is that the Aflac American Family?
Rob Pollock:  No, it’s American Family in Wisconsin, and in Madison, Wisconsin, Ed
Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then the second question is with regards to Europe and Solutions, the concern about the profitability there, is it the concern for the extent of, you know, the decision about whether or not it makes sense to stay in those markets, all or some of those markets?
Rob Pollock:  You know, when we look at Europe, we have had a few problems that we outlined in the UK. We’re in the process of, you know, correcting those blocks of business, Ed. We also thought that we’re opportunities to write new business, to help improve our profitability there. And I think we’re just looking at things saying, look with all the austerity moves, let’s make sure we have a sharp eye on that, and can, you know, write the new business that is going to be required to get to our hurdle returns. 
Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  So, the goal of 14 to 16% ROE for Solutions in 2014 assumes that we generally are in the markets that we’re in today, but we just get to our targeted margins?
Rob Pollock:  We see improvement, or are in a position to, you know, take either action that can get us there, Ed.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then the final question is on Specialty Property, you had a strong first quarter, you have a significant new, you know, couple of million loans coming on, understanding the placement rate is lower than the 2.8 you have on the overall, but still it’s a significant new customer, or significant new block of loans. The outlook for specialty property, flattish revenue and I think slight deterioration in the combined ratio, is that just an overly conservative outlook for this year because of the uncertainty on the regulatory front, or is there something else that we’re missing?
Rob Pollock: Yes, look, if you look at our history on projecting what’s going to happen in the housing market, Ed, we haven’t been the best at understanding what’s going to happen to placement levels. We do feel that the seriously delinquent loan portfolios have built up and, you know, if you just read everything out there, I think that servicers, the government, everybody is looking for ways of dealing with that issue, and we think that will probably start to happen this year, which will reduce the placement ratio some.
Mike Peninger:  And we look as we’ve talked previously, Ed – you know, we still believe that the overall long-term trend in the lender place market is going to that steady state, you know, that we’ve talked about in the past. So the question really is just the pace of which that happens, and that’s sort of reflected in our outlook too.
Rob Pollock:  Yes, so, you know, again, what we’ve outlined at investor day last year is, you know, this is clearly a specialty business. We think we will return very good returns in the business, but ultimately the placement rates are going to be lower, and our ability to predict that isn’t very good, but we certainly believe that with, you know, all the issues around seriously delinquent loans, there’s going to be some resolution coming.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Rob Pollock:  Yes.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar – JPMorgan: Good morning. Just to follow up on the placement rates, when you do level off, where do you expect them to level off? Would it be more like 1.5%, 1%, and recognizing that it’s – that they’ve held up better than what you’ve expected.  The other question I had was just on your excess capital, you’ve got 350 million above your 250 million risk buffer. Should we assume that most of that would end up being used for share buybacks, or are you looking at acquisitions? And related to that, is there a possibility that given all of this regulatory noise that something comes up that could cause you to temporarily suspend the buybacks?
Rob Pollock:  Okay, so, if we start and go back, Jimmy, first to the steady state, I believe at investor day, we said we think our placement rate’s, steady state is more in the 1.6 to 1.8% range. Okay, and, you know, we’ll look at that again, but that would be our best guess today as what the steady state looks like.  Second, you know, very consistent with our capital management. We want to take capital and invest it in the business. If it grows – you know, we saw a little bit of growth this quarter, I wouldn’t say – I mean, we’re pleased with that obviously, but I don’t think that causes any kind of a material exchange in capital requirements today unless the growth accelerates.  We also are looking for, can we find acquisitions that help us build out these models,. I think as we’ve said in the past, they’re likely to be smaller acquisitions that could build out the businesses. And you know, ultimately it’s the shareholder’s money and we have a pretty good track record of getting money back to the shareholder, and we find things – you know, we find our shares are Mike mentioned, attractively priced. Chris, you want to provide some insight in the capital movements during the quarter?
Chris Pagano:  Sure. Let me walk you through a little bit of the capital flow as for the quarter. Just a bit of a reconciliation here. You know, we started the quarter with about 760 million of total capital. We’re able to take some dividends in the quarter, about 55 million or so, which took us up to 815 million. We retuned 115 million in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We paid a coupon payment on our bonds, which is a 30 million pre-tax, and then balance, which is about 70 million, were some capital outflows at the corporate level.  We’re keeping in mind that the first quarter is typically a higher cash outflow corporate sector, which then most of which gets build back to the segments over the course of the year.  The big contributor to that 70 million was that estimated tax payment of 27 million, so that leaves us with the 600 million. You know, in terms of the dividends that we took, those dividends were taken out of the Health and the Employee Benefit segments. We were conservative in our dividend plan in Q4 and we have some excess capital at Benefits and Health that we were able to take up in addition to their earnings for the quarter.  So going forward we have about, you know, both the earnings and solutions, and specialty property both now available for dividends, so you’re talking about 155 or so million at the operating companies that we feel comfortable or will be able to get over the course of the year.  I think the important message about the deployment issue is that nothing has changed. You know, we continue to think the share prices are attractive, the repurchases have continued through April. If you look at the press release you’ll see that we bought another 650,000 shares for another 25 million, and we’re continuing to buy via 10B51, which is our preferred method because it allows us to buy back through blackouts in most cases related to earnings. 
Jimmy Bhullar – JP Morgan: And then the regulatory inquiries and noise doesn’t concern you in any way to slow down buybacks?
Chris Pagano:  You know, again, there can be situations that could cause us not to buy back – it could be regulatory, it could be acquisition, et cetera, but you can see there’s been nothing that’s caused us to not buy back during, you know, this period of time, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar – JP Morgan:  Okay. And just one more. If I look at your Specialty Property results, in terms of the catastrophe losses, and you compare that to the normal homeowner’s insurance companies, the frequency of CAT losses are a lot higher with the Allstate, State Farms of the world than it is with you guys. And that’s – I’d assume you’d have more quarters with a catastrophe then those guys, or CAT losses given that you’ve got more of an exposure to CAT-prone areas, or you’re placement rates are higher there. So do you have any comments on that on why you’re – you seem to have fewer quarters where there are any GAP losses?
Rob Pollock:  You know, I think that first, you’re absolutely right, we have more exposures along the hurricane CAT corridors, I’d say maybe, Jimmy. And, you know, I’d say if you look at things like, you know, the tornados, et cetera, that’s just going to be a function of where our footprint is compared to where the cap happens to hit. But you know, otherwise, I think it’s going to be a function of, you know, our concentration in the state, and where the catastrophe happens. 
Chris Pagano:  Yes, the catastrophe is, obviously, can happen anywhere, and you know, as one of the core principles of the business that we talked about over time, Jimmy, is trying to make sure that we’re affiliated with a national lenders and servicers because that geographic spread of risk is important. I’d also point out, as Rob said, you know, in some cases we’re seeing some of the conventional carriers pulling back from some of the coastal areas and things like that, and you know, can impact our exposure too.
Jimmy Bhullar – JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
Rob Pollock:  Good morning Mark.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners:  Good morning. I guess I have a whole lot of little ones. Firstly, can you just give an update on the California rate situation? And I guess in connection with that, could the rate changes that you ultimately agreed to be retroactively applied?
Rob Pollock :  Sure, you know, we’ve had a rate filing submitted in California. We’re in discussions with the Department of Insurance out there. I think that most of you know we’ve filed for a slight rate decrease, which we’ve mentioned we do periodically. They’ve asked us to look at it harder and re-file, so we’re doing that.  Mike, can you give a little bit of a background on (inaudible)
Mike Peninger:  We’ve previously disclosed our total net-earned premiums last year. In California we’re about $240 million. About half of that premium, California is subject to the rate review discussions that Rob mentioned. In terms of the retroactive, you know, I wouldn’t think so.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Okay. And I guess obviously, California does things very publically, and other states don’t really follow that same approach necessarily. Can you maybe just give an update on maybe outside of California, outside New York? What exactly, you know, is happening on the rate side? Are you getting similar types of inquiries, and you know, pressures given all the headlines that you’ve seen, or are those outliers?
Rob Pollock:  You know, again we have regular interactions with the State Insurance Departments everywhere, it’s part of the process. Remember, in 49 of the 50 states we’re an (inaudible) carrier, and so we file rates, if we don’t, the exception is for the state of Texas. So, you know, I would not say that other than the couple you’ve mentioned, we’ve seen anything out of the ordinary, and I’m not even sure, you know, with California and New York this is out of the ordinary either.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Okay. I guess just moving topic slightly, RMS 11 is having some impact on companies P&L’s. Can you give us a flavor for how that has changed you underlying exposures, and what does that mean for reinsurance buying?
Rob Pollock:  Sure, you know, I’ll let Chris comment on our reinsurance program, which we can give a bit of an update on, but won’t be fully placed till June. But, our RMS 11 had, you know obviously looked at things and said there was more inland exposure than might have been represented in previous models, and also looked at how, you know, flooding impacted some of those models in the bid different way than previous models had.  Of course our business is a little different in terms of how it operates, so we’ve had the dialogues with rating agencies and reinsurers so they understand how our model works. Chris, you want to amplify on that a bit?
Chris:  Sure, just a couple things. On the CAT Program again, keep in mind we placed 70% of our program already combined with the January placement, then the CAT Fund we issued in the first quarter. We are having, and have had ongoing dialogue with our reinsurance partners. regarding in the June placement. We feel very good about the capacity of being available. What we do see with regard to the modeling, is that most reinsurers, and we are taking sort of a multi-model approach with adjustments based upon our views on the changes that took place in RMS 11. As Rob mentioned, we’ll update you when we finally complete the placement. But we do feel very good that, you know, we’ll potentially have some slight increases in rate.  What I can tell you though, is that the program has grown and given that, we have exposures in CAT-prone that means we’ll be buying more insurance. And we’ll also probably lead to a change in our retentions. So, these are all factors that we’re going to work into the program and we’ll keep you updated when we complete the placement.
Pagano:  Sure, just a couple things. On the CAT Program again, keep in mind we placed 70% of our program already combined with the January placement, then the CAT Fund we issued in the first quarter. We are having, and have had ongoing dialogue with our reinsurance partners. regarding in the June placement. We feel very good about the capacity of being available. What we do see with regard to the modeling, is that most reinsurers, and we are taking sort of a multi-model approach with adjustments based upon our views on the changes that took place in RMS 11. As Rob mentioned, we’ll update you when we finally complete the placement. But we do feel very good that, you know, we’ll potentially have some slight increases in rate.  What I can tell you though, is that the program has grown and given that, we have exposures in CAT-prone that means we’ll be buying more insurance. And we’ll also probably lead to a change in our retentions. So, these are all factors that we’re going to work into the program and we’ll keep you updated when we complete the placement.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Okay. I guess just one finale question. Just in the medical segment, I mean there’s a lot going on with the Supreme Court and what happens with the individual mandate, what happens with, you know, the entire law altogether. It sounds like you have strategies to cover each of those, and it sounds like the outcomes of certain ones are better than others. Could you just kind of walk through, I guess the scenario that would probably be most troublesome, which would be the individual mandate gets removed, but the ability to underwrite around pre-existing conditions, you know, is held in place? And anything else, you know, on that topic would be helpful.
Rob Pollock:  Sure. Mike? 
Mike Peninger:  I was going to say, Mark, you know, I think certainly you could envision scenarios where the rules are written in a way that, you know, if your risk can’t be managed and you can’t manage the pricing to be with that, you can get some negative scenarios. However, I think what I like to think about is, healthcare cost are continuing to go up, we don’t see any, you know, clear evidence that healthcare cost are going to turn anytime soon. So, our focus on affordable products, you know, that can fit the needs of a wide range of consumers are going to work along with the expense control that we alluded to in our prepare remarks. That’s going to make us more competitive, so really the key lynch pins of our strategy are going to be valuable to us, we believe, in any scenario that comes out of the Supreme Court decision …
Rob Pollock:  Just a couple of other things. If you recall, you know, under state regulation we had some of the same variations you’re talking about Mark. Whether, was it in small group, etc? And, you know, we have that ability to analyze and decide; where do we want to play, how are the rules going to work. This will also create perhaps, you know, if something happens, different interactions with the states. But I think what you should take comfort in is, we have the ability to move quickly, we’re thinking about the issues. Of course until you know what the issues are and how they inter relate it’s difficult to try and isolate a single issue and say what’s going on. But saying that, you know, the mandate itself is a fairly weak mandate, okay, in our minds to begin with because it’s still probably allows a lot of people to buy insurance when they need it.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: All right, thank you that’s helpful.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Rob Pollock:  Morning Chris.
Chris:  Morning. Question for you on sort of the RFP Process with the Fannie Loans. Can you comment sort of around premiums charged for the RFP’s maybe relative to some of your existing book of business with them.
Giovanni – Goldman Sachs:  Morning. Question for you on sort of the RFP Process with the Fannie Loans. Can you comment sort of around premiums charged for the RFP’s maybe relative to some of your existing book of business with them.
Rob Pollock:  We don’t go into specifics, but let me tell you what we can say, Chris, is that Fannie, and I think this probably relates, you know, to the growing seriously delinquent loans. They’re focused on, how can they reduce insurance cost related to that business. And, you know, we think we have solutions, we’ve responded to the RFP. We think we have ways to deal with that. But we also know we have to work it in conjunction with our Service and Partners, and we’re going to try and do that. Mike, I know that, you know, you probably have some of the numbers that can shape what that looks like?
Mike Peninger:  Yes, I just reminded Chris that we’ve talked about the loans that we can track the investor codes on our systems, most of them, about a third, we think we have about 80 million Fannie loans that we’re tracking.
Rob Pollock:  Remember when they moved to ROE status, Chris, then you know, Fannie self-insures that business.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Okay. Do you know the timetable in terms of when you expect to hear back from them?
Rob Pollock:  Again, I think that we’ve had some dialogues. You know, I think that you’ve got probably the servicer’s weighing in on some of this as well, because this has an impact on, you know, they want to make sure they’re fulfilling servicing requirements that are, you know, are discussions that they have with Fannie themselves. But, in all of this, remember we got about a 1% placement rate on those loans that are out with Fannie, and we’ve got some solutions that, you know, require that different parties work together. I think they were the original RFP, they were looking for something this summer. You know, our best guess is going to take a little longer than that, but we don’t know.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners:   In terms of Capital Management, you know, historically you haven’t been active in the market during hurricane season, but last year you diverted from that a bit. You, know Chris just gave us some pretty good collar around thinking about the reinsurance program coming up. So, you know, as you think about that, how does that impact your decision around share repurchases, and would you expect to be active during this one season?
Rob Pollock:  Well Chris, I think our goal is to be in the market consistently, and in the past we’ve dialed back, because taking a conservative approach as it relates to when we move into wind season. I think that we’ll calibrate every quarter, that’s been the policy over the last nine quarters. I think one of the things that we calibrate around is the CAT Program, which we’ll have a better feel for the next month or so. But, I think the goal would be, you know, even adjusting for what we like to think of as a “seasonal buffer” so additional capital held back as we move into wind season, I think our goal would be to be in the market consistently throughout the entire year.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Okay. So should we take the consistency meaning, you know, roughly the level of share repurchases you’ve had in 1Q? Or just meaning you’ll consistently have some activity in a quarter?
Rob Pollock:  I think, again, consistent activity throughout the entire year. What I would discourage you from doing is attempting to extrapolate quarterly activity, but yearly look at the body of work if you will. And when you start to think about the last two years of purchase, the last nine quarters and if you include April as well, 32 million shares, and almost 1.2 billion dollars. So, the way I think about it, is over the course of time, we will after applying our Capital Management Priorities, we will return capital to shareholders. And with the price as attractive as it is to us now on the percentage of book, we feel that capital deployment through share repurchases is a prudent approach.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Okay, thanks. I’ll go back in the queue.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James and Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates:  Good morning everybody.
Rob Pollock:  Hey Steven, how are you doing?
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates:  I got a few, mostly quickies, just on Specialty Property loss ratio for the quarter, very good, obviously not CAT losses. Are we also looking at a situation where call it large weather events that generally happen, but might not be considered cats didn't happen either because of the mild weather?
Rob Pollock:  Yes, I think we had a real mild winter and we've had some of those in the past and then we've had some more severe ones and I think that's what causes the variation Steven.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates:  Okay, and then just looking at the guidance for the loss ratio and the expense ratio moving higher obviously versus last year ex CATs is this a function of captures that market possibly driving margin down a little bit?
Rob Pollock:  I think it's really a function of what we saw the products changing a little bit, which would be gee we thought placement rates might start to go down a little bit, we'd have a little bit more of our other business, the multi-family housing, which includes the renters and sure deposit in it. But it was really predicated on their being lender placement rates coming down a little bit Steven.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates:  Okay, great. And then on American Family, are they currently writing business for somebody else in the health market?
Rob Pollock:  I believe that they have had a relationship, but I don't know who it is Steven. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates:  Okay, so you don't know how much they were writing begin with?
Rob Pollock:  I don't, but they're in I think 14 or 15 states and they have written some small group insurance with us for a number of years. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates:  Okay, and then just one last one. I'm interested in the comment in regards to the Social Security adjudication. I'm very interested in that. You know, a while ago I guess the New York Times had an article about some guy in Kentucky who never saw a disability case that he didn't like. I'm sure you remember that. 
Rob Pollock:  Yes, we do.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates:  Is this a response to that? Is this a potential response to budget pressure? What do you think is driving this?
Rob Pollock:  Yes, I think there could be lots of reasons, I think what we can observe Steven is just that it's taking Social Security a longer time to come to decisions. And whether that's because they're taking a different approach or just sheer volume of applications or whatever, the fact is the way reserves in disability, a least the way our disability reserves is we sort of assume the longer time it takes the lower the probability that a claimant is going to get Social Security. And if they get Social Security of course that offsets our liability. So the fact that these things are taking longer, what it's hard to tell because you just need so much data to be credible in disability, is whether we're going to change the [Inaudible] the rate at which social security approval is going to change. And it's going to take more time to see that, but in the meantime that longer timeframe actually feeds into our reserves a little bit. So that's the impact we mentioned. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates:  That's because you're getting a couple of months extra where you're not getting the offset?
Rob Pollock:  I would say it's just a little different than that. Mike pointed out that our reserves assume we're not going to get the offset. If we get it then that'll come back as a positive, but right now we're assuming we're not going to get it on some of those claims. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates:  Okay great, thanks guys. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jeff Schuman with KBW. 
Rob Pollock:  Good morning Jeff.
Jeffery Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Good morning, thank you. One follow up. I didn't quite follow on the California rate review why is only half the premium subject to weight review?
Rob Pollock:  We write a variety of different kinds of business and so that’s just the portion of it. you know, we have different legal entities and in our California businesses just half of it is sort of what's associated with the products California is looking at. So think about our renters business, that’s something that's under review or a manufactured housing could or couldn't be, so it's the business that we filed for a rate change on. 
Jeffery Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And then back on the Fannie RFP can you give us a little more, a better sense of what that whole process looks like? Is it mostly a discussion between Fannie and the traditional sources of capacity and loan tracking or is this a much broader, outside of the box process that could involve other sources of capacity and other solutions?
Rob Pollock:  Well again, I can't comment on the later because I just don’t know because they put out an RFP and I guess my nephew could have bid on it Jeff and I don't know what he would have said. But if you think about the processes that'll be required to work on this, we think it will require an ability to track and integration with the mortgage servicers who also are performing a number of activities around things. So we responded it's a comprehensive detailed RFP as you would expect. That goes into a lot of things and we think we understand what's driven this and we think a lot of it does relate to those seriously delinquent loans. And if you just think about the fact that were these in an REO status, Fannie would be self-insuring them and these may be some loans that for whatever reason haven't moved to REO yet, you start to understand their rationale behind looking at all of this. 
Jeffery Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay, that's helpful, thanks. And then over on health, I think the gap loss ratio last year was 74% for the year. I think it was about 74% this quarter, can you update us on how you think we should kind of conceptually map between the 80% requirement and that gap. I think at one point you said we're sort of thinking in mid to high 70s, should we think a little lower is compatible with now? How should we think about that? 
Rob Pollock:  I think that's kind of a reasonable range still Jeff. When you think about credibility adjustments you think about some of our business being subject to the MLR and some not, so I think you would get into that kind of middle 70s range to your point. There's also transition relief, there's changes in credibility, there's just lots of factors that sort of go into that calculation of the MLR. 
Jeffery Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay, so some of the 74 numbers we've seen we should view as being on kind of the favorable end of what we should expect? Is that fair?
Rob Pollock:  I think it's likely to move up a little from there over time, yes. 
Jeffery Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay. And then it seems like you've made really good progress on taking the expenses down, the other part of the shift is really trying to get the volumes up, I mean, is it fair that the expense improvements have been sufficient, that maybe it takes a little bit of pressure on your requirements to scale up aggressively? Or do you still need to scale up quite aggressively do you think? And if that's the case you maybe need to shift back and spend a little more money on marketing. 
Rob Pollock:  Yes, good questions. I guess where I'd start is if you look at our emphasis on our health access products we are pleased with the fact that we're writing quite a bit of that business. But remember it's at a lower premium rate and is replacing higher premium major medical coverages. So we want to write more of that health access business. We also feel that the Aetna relationship, which we're rally expecting to kick in, in the second half of the year, will help us in that individual major medical side. Wow, that was a mouthful. And the point is, we spent a lot of time during the 1st quarter on implementation, just putting that in place, which was no small task. So we think that we're well positioned with that and the American Family deal to see our new business pick up in the 2nd half of the year. And again, in all of this we're looking focus on meeting that affordability need of our consumers. But I think we have talked and I think you're picking up, thinking about it like we are Jeff, is that we need both. We've done a lot of great work as you've said on expenses, we've got some more to do that and most of that continues to be sort of in the infrastructure, and then we've got a basis that we can leverage some of our distribution things. And we need to do both of those things. We need to continue to work on the expense side and with Aetna and American Family and our other distribution partners to ramp up the sales too. 
Jeffery Schuman - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay, that's it for me, thanks a lot. 
Operator:  And our next question comes from Mark Hughes with Suntrust. 
Rob Pollock :  Good morning, Mark. 
Mark Hughes – Suntrust:  Good morning. On the Healthcare Reform, if the entire thing were to get tossed, how much change has there been at state-level regulation, which is to say, you know, how much could you go back to your former way of operating the business if the Supreme Court throws out the whole thing, or are there other changes, regulations at the state level, perhaps, that are – would still impact your business going forward? 
Rob Pollock:  Well, you know, again, the states have involvement in the process. I think they would adapt their thinking about things a little bit and we have good relationships with the insurance departments in the states we operate.  So you know, again, we’re sitting down and trying to analyse things, but it’s – there’s so many variables involved in all of this, Mark, it’s very difficult to be able to figure out exactly which pieces are going to be impacted. You brought that they just say, throw out the whole thing. I don’t think we put a high likelihood on that. It could, but I don’t think we put a high likelihood on that. But regardless, we have a strategy we think will work either way and can be quickly adapted because the cornerstone of all of it is affordability and the products we’ve designed that meet what consumers want. 
Mark Hughes – Suntrust: On disability, how much longer is that claims process, if you can say? And then how important is that to your recoveries, or what proportion of your recoveries come from those Social Security approvals? 
Rob Pollock:  Yes, I can’t give you a specific number on, like number of months. All I can say, Mark, is we’re just seeing it take longer and that just sort of complicates the challenge of this analyzing the business and things like that. You know, the fundamental issue is, we need to get people, whether they get Social Security or not, we need to get them back to work. And then the challenge being economic environment, that’s just proving harder than it has been sort of by our historic standards. 
Mark Hughes – Suntrust: Is that a smaller piece of your recoveries? Is it 20%, is it bigger? 
Rob Pollock:  Yes, so it’s hard without having all those specifics. So let’s just take a very simple example, Mark. Let’s assume that in the first year, 70% of our claims we assume are going to get Social Security, and after the first year and between years one and two, a quarter of them are going to get a Social Security recovery. I’m totally making these numbers up. And after two years, nobody is going to get one. Okay? Now, if you think about the reserves that Mike mentioned, in that first year we set up a gross reserve, but assumed that we’re going to get 70% of that reserve paid for by the reimbursement, not perfect, but if we were paying at the Social Security level. And you start looking at what happens as the payments are slowed, you can see that we’re going to – we’re increasing our reserves as a result.  Now, if it turns out we actually get the money back, then we’re going to have a positive flow in our financial statements. But that’s not what’s going on right now. 
Mark Hughes – Suntrust: Right. Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with Sterne Agee. 
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Good morning. 
Rob Pollock :  Good morning. 
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Good morning, Rob. You know, Rob, I’m curious about the pace of buyback in the first quarter. I think historically this tends to be one of your bigger buyback quarters, historically. You know, is there anything that we should read into the pace of 1Q buybacks? And then also relatedly, could you discuss your expectations for a new buyback authorization since it seems like the remaining amount on your current authorization is getting somewhat low? 
Rob Pollock:  Sure. So first, I wouldn’t read anything into the quarterly buyback. I think Chris covered that in some detail. I like the term you used, you have to look at the body of our work as opposed to looking at a particular point in time. I know you guys have to do that, but the answer is, don’t read anything into it. Our capital deployment strategy is consistent with what it’s always been and I think both Mike and Chris mentioned, we think our shares are attractively priced. I think you’ll see that reflected moving forward in whatever we do with our buybacks.  You know, I forgot the second part of your question. 
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Authorization. 
Rob Pollock :  You know, that’s a board action, John, so you know, the – it’s something we talk about regularly with the Board. We also talk to them annually about our dividend and Chris, do you want to… 
Chris Pagano:  Yes, John, just, you know, again, as Rob mentioned, I don’t think it makes sense to speculate on anything that requires Board action. But what I can tell you is we have regular dialog with the Board on both the share repurchase and our dividend policy and we have support from the Board in alignment on the approach that we’ve been taking.  So again…
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. Yeah, that’s fair enough. I understand you don’t want to get out in front of the Board. Rob, is anything changed on the M&A outlook? I mean, you know, obviously a lot of financial companies out there are under some stress, particularly overseas, you know, a lot of the kinds of things that I think you guys would have interest in are likely smaller pieces of bigger companies that may or may not be viewed as core. 
Rob Pollock:  Yes. 
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: So I’m just wondering if anything has changed on the M&A outlook? 
Rob Pollock:  You know, we’re continuing to look at things. We’re looking at lots of things, John. Remember, as well that things have to hit our hurdle rates to buy. We’ve got to be able to buy in excess of our cost capital. We said we’re likely to buy things that are smaller. I think you’re referring to things that could be tuck-in acquisitions, we’d love to do tuck-in acquisitions. I would say right now, the number one thing available in the market is something we’re not too interested in, which is variable profit stuff. There’s a fair amount of it and we’re not going to be interested in that.  But you know, if you look at our record, the sure deposit acquisition, there’re likely to be smaller things that are nichey and fit in with what we want to do. And if we can find the tuck-in at – that is something that’s not in excess of our cost capital, absolutely, we’ll consider it. 
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: I’m very happy to hear no interest in the variable product. Just – and then two more quick ones. What’s the timing of this New York public hearing on the lender place business? 
Rob Pollock :  Yeah, I think it’s in Mid-May. 
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. And then what’s the – you know, what’s their current assessment, Rob, of the – I guess what you’re calling the mobile business now? You know, what we used to think of as wireless, what’s your current status of how that business is performing; clients up, you know, new client opportunities, competitive situations, that sort of thing? 
Rob Pollock :  Yes, we’ve, you know, we’ve got a lot of activity in the area. Again, this is an area we like a lot because we’ve mentioned that there’s new business and new profit pools emerging all the time. This is a business that is already exceeding our ROE targets. We’ve mentioned a few of the, you know, the Sprint deal on – that we did with them on tablets, a small deal but a huge learning opportunity for us in terms of where things might go. You know, we’ve got Telephonica, which you know, we’ve been running hard at the implementation for, you know, a number of quarters and feel good about that. This is now going to give us the ability to tap some new ideas, in particular, the prepaid market.  So you know, we feel good about that market and we think it’s going to be continue to grow moving forward, and it’s a big part of where we expect to see growth. 
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Thanks. And then the last quick one, so I get it, that a lot can change on the Healthcare Reform, particularly with the Supreme Court reviewing it. But if we just assume that the Healthcare Reform as it stands today, remains in place, you know, what’s your best guess currently on the timing for getting to that 4% after-tax margin target? 
Rob Pollock :  I think it’s, the way we’ve characterized it in the past, is we have to have all the Healthcare reform issues, which are coming in over the years, John, we have to deal with all those. I would suspect that 2014 timeframe, things are fully implemented. I’d look toward the later part of the year there for that to happen. Again, the big key is that we have success with our affordable products in the health access portfolio and the supplemental products there, which again, are preforming well, but we’ve got to write more of that as well. 
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Thank you very much. I appreciate it. 
Operator: And we’ll take our final question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James and Associates. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Hey, again. Just a few more if I may. Rob, can you maybe explain something I’m not getting. And I saw the AETNA when it happened. You get to use their facilities, their network. I mean, that’s nice, that’s great, that you have this, but how does that feed customers to you? 
Rob Pollock:  Well, only, you know, we can then work their tier one discounts into the pricing of our major medical products. That has been an inhibitor for us in this business for a long time because it’s put us at a, you know, cost of goods sold disadvantage because we have to charge more. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay, got it. And then just one more follow-up on the Social Security thing. The way you described it to Mark, I think it was great. Is there – are you saying that – okay, so let’s say we’re in year two here and you get an approval that that is going to be retroactive back to the start of the claim? 
Rob Pollock:  Yes. That’s exactly right. You’re thinking about it the right way, Steven. 
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay, great. That’s what I wanted to make sure. Thank you. 
Rob Pollock :  Sure. Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our next quarterly call. 
Operator:  This concludes Assurant’s first quarter 2012 call. Please note that a replay will be available as of 11:00 a.m. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Rob Pollock – President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Peninger – Chief Financial Officer Chris Pagano – Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners Jimmy Bhullar – JP Morgan Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates John Nadel – Sterne Agee Mark Hughes – SunTrust Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Assurant Fourth Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. There will be an opportunity to ask questions following today’s presentation. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Melissa Kivett: Thanks very much and good morning everyone. We look forward t discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results with you. Joining me for Assurant’s conference call are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Yesterday afternoon we issued a news release announcing our fourth quarter and full year results. Both the release and corresponding supplemental financial information are available at assurant.com. You may have noticed that our news release now includes some information you have previously received on the call. Today, we’ll focus on the highlights and priorities of each of our businesses and provide more time for Q&A. We’ll start today’s call with brief remarks from Rob and Mike and Chris participating in the Q&A session. Some of the statements we make on today’s calls may be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those projected in these statements. Additional information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected can be found in yesterday’s news release as well as our SEC reports including our 2010 Form 10-K, available at assurant.com. Today’s call will contain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the Company’s performance. For more details on these measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to the news release and financial supplemental information posted at assurant.com. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our results in the quarter. We have grown in areas we have identified as attractive for our future success. At the same time, we continued to generate substantial free cash flow from operations. This provides us with a strong and flexible capital position. We measure our success with three important financial metrics. First, operating return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income for AOCI. We reported a 13.8% annualized return during the fourth quarter which increased the full year return to 9.9%. Second, growth in book value per diluted share excluding AOCI. We saw an increase of about 14% for the year. Third, growth in revenues defined by earned premiums and fee income. Overall, total revenues declined by about 3% in 2011 compared to 2010. In the quarter, we achieved modest growth on both the year-over-year and sequential comparisons. The areas we have targeted for future growth are linked to broad social and economic trends. They include the growing importance of wireless mobile devices to consumers. Increases in rental housing versus home ownership, consumer’s desire for more choice and greater affordability in their health insurance plans, and employers moving away from payment for benefits to sponsorship of voluntary employee funded products. We achieved growth in each of these areas in 2011 and believe they offer great opportunities for our future. Now let me make some specific comments about the environment, each of our businesses face. I’ll begin with Assurant Solutions. Consumer spending remains sluggish in the US and economic uncertainty persists in Europe. However, revenues from our wireless and service contract offerings, especially in Latin America are expanding. While Solutions expects overall modest premium growth in 2012, we are disappointed that one of our domestic wireless clients will be leaving. We are in discussions with them concerning the timing. Nonetheless we remain optimistic. We continue to allocate resources to wireless due to its underlying growth trajectory and its intersection with our core capabilities. Turning to Specialty Property, there are fewer mortgage loans originating in the US and foreclosures are projected to increase. Despite these trends, our lender-placed insurance tracking system and product offerings are helping us win business and serve existing clients. Some of whom are growing their servicing portfolios. As we have communicated, we are not party to the proposed settlement between the State Attorney General and Mortgage Servicers. We understand that the proposed terms of the settlement focused primarily on foreclosure practices and loan modifications. Insurance is regulated at the state level. We have regular interaction with the different insurance departments. Occasionally, we receive information request. Last fall, we received an information request not as a penal from the New York Department of Financial Services. We are co-operating fully and are virtually complete with a few data items being produced in the next couple of weeks. Our lender-placed products provide value to consumers. For example, in the third quarter we paid claims of more than $75 million on 10,000 homes that were impacted by Hurricane Irene. This underscores that our product provides value and helps customers in their time of need. At Assurant Health, we’ve redesigned many of our products in response to healthcare reforms. We also focus on providing affordability and choices of benefits and providers to our customers. Our new relationship with Aetna Signature Administrators broadens our array of healthcare providers and improves affordability of our major medical products. At the same time, it improves engagement with our distributors. During 2012, our products will continue to emphasize affordability and choice, even as we continue to implement healthcare reform changes. Turning next to Assurant’s employee benefits. Small employers are not growing payrolls. Until that happens, growth in our benefits business will be challenging. Meanwhile, we continue to build our capabilities in the voluntary benefits market and focus on our specialized distribution. To summarize our businesses are well positioned in their targeted markets. Our strong capital position, excellence in risk management and ability to generate free cash provide the foundation for continued progress. Assurant’s track record of adapting to changing markets is well established. Our priorities are clear to make Assurant more efficient to focus on long-term profitable growth and to generate superior returns for our shareholders. Now, I’ll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Peninger: Thanks, Rob. Now let’s discuss a few highlights and priorities for each of our business segments. I’ll start with Assurant Solutions. During the year, Solutions grew its international presence particularly in the Latin American wireless space. Client contract renewals remained strong driven by our ability to respond to evolving customer needs. Preneed’s sales increased in 2011 over a strong performance in 2010, as we continued to deepen our relationship with SCI. Total earned premiums and fees were virtually flat with the prior year despite significant tap line pressure caused by previously discussed run-off clients. The major priorities for Solutions in 2012 are to continue to grow the Wireless business, improve international profitability and drive down expenses in the businesses which are not growing. Specialty Property’s results reflect the continued ability to win new accounts through our superior tracking capabilities and our overall programs. Our alignment with market leaders, specifically specialty servicers has allowed us to gain new portfolios which have help to offset declining number of loans in the overall marketplace. This was evident during the fourth quarter as our clients were awarded new loan portfolios mitigating the overall decrease in the number of tracked loans. As usual, we placed a significant portion of our reinsurance program in January, including our Catastrophe Bonds, we have finalized about 70% of our total program for the year. We will provide a complete update when the program is completed in June. We are pleased with the integration of the SureDeposit acquisition, which has allowed us to expand our offerings in the multi-family housing market and we remain optimistic about the long-term growth potential of the rental market. Assurant Health made great progress in 2011. We believe that we are well positioned to successfully navigate additional healthcare reform provisions. A particularly noteworthy change that will affect health earnings this year is the treatment of loss development relative to year-end reserves. In 2011, favorable development from 2010 reserves for policies subject to the MLR flowed into our reported earnings. In 2012, any favorable development relative to 2011 reserves will increase CMLR rebate liability instead of flowing into earnings. Our 2011 operating cost dropped significantly as we drive toward a streamlined structure that will allow us to succeed under healthcare reforms. Sales of health access and supplemental products continue to grow in the fourth quarter. We expect that trend to continue in 2012 and we also expect improvement in our core major medical sales as we implement our new provider network contract with Aetna Signature Administrators. At Assurant Employee Benefits, the lack of payroll growth remains a significant headwind. In addition, during the fourth quarter we observed an uptick in our disability incidence rates which had remained relatively stable over the past few years. It’s too soon to say whether this quarter was an aberration or the start of a trend, but we are carefully reviewing the data and we’ll take corrective action if warranted. Our strategic focus on distribution through key brokers in our expanded offerings continue to improve sales of voluntary products. In addition, savings from expense initiatives at Employee Benefits are being redeployed into targeted growth initiatives. Moving on to corporate matters, our investment portfolio continued perform well during the challenging 2011 environment while portfolio yields continued decline due to low new money rates, a relatively stable liability structure, and conservative investment approach allow us to maintain yield from current investments for as long as possible. During 2012, we will maintain or risk profile and look for opportunities to invest operating cash flows at attractive risk adjusted returns. In 2012, we expect to return a substantial portion of free cash flow to our shareholders via repurchases and dividends. In order to generate sustained long-term shareholder value, we must also make disciplined investments in our businesses and look for new opportunities to drive profitable growth. And with that, we can move into the question and answer portion of the call. Operator, first question please.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We’ll have our first question from Mark Finkelstein, with Evercore Partners.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Hi, good morning. I guess I have a few questions. Firstly, the domestic wireless loss, what was the size of the premium related to that?
Mike Peninger: We haven’t disclosed that. It’s just one of several of our clients Mark.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Okay, I guess, the overall expectation is for growth in Solutions premium kind of modest growth, would that assume kind of growth internationally and maybe decline domestically, is that the way to think about that?
Mike Peninger: I think that, the domestic product will continue to run off. I think we would expect probably some modest growth domestically on the service contract side and growth internationally and the outlook takes into account the client we mentioned.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Okay, fair enough. And then the comment on kind of spending free cash flow on dividends and buybacks, does that assume that, kind of 2012 earnings will kind of be used on that. And then how should we think about the growing excess capital on balance sheet? I mean, the $760 million was assuming larger than I expected it to be at year end particularly given the high buybacks in the fourth quarter. How should we think about that and what – when would you look at that and say, maybe we start paying that down above and beyond investments for growth as you characterized in your comments as well as in the press release?
Rob Pollock: Yes, so let me make a few comments here and then I’ll turn it over to Chris and Mike and let them add, but first I guess I’d start with the fact that we’ve got growth going on which it’s modest but small amounts means that we are not going to be able to – we need to leave some capital generation or some of the earnings generation back in the businesses because the rating agency formulas that guide or capital requirements go up a little bit. That being said, I think we are still going to be in that range of being able to dividend out the operating earnings of the different companies. So, there may be a little bit on the margin, but I think that’s a fair assumption we can make. Maybe now, I’ll turn it over to Chris and he can kind of take you through because I think actually that number went down a little during the year, over the last couple years, maybe it’s gone up modestly he can just give you some history on that.
Mike Peninger:
 : We took $270 million of operating dividends, keep in mind when you think about operating dividends relative to net operating income, we made about a $180 million. During the fourth quarter, we disclosed during the third quarter conference call that we felt like we had about $50 million of segment earnings still in the segments ready to be dividended up. So I think about 230 there, the 180 plus the 50, and then again every year we look to dividend up any available capital from the segments to the holding company where it has maximum flexibility. So we found some other pockets of capital that we are able to send up to the holding company. And we paid out a $190 million to shareholders, 17 or so in dividends, 173 in share repurchases, and then there were some corporate inflows of about $40 million that gets to the $760 for the full year. For the full year, we took about $520 million of dividends from the operating segments. Keep in mind we made NOI, the NOI was 530. We spent 45 of that from property’s earnings for the SureDeposit acquisition. And then returned about 600 in total for the year giving you with some outflows and corporate getting you to the 760 number for year-end. Just a couple things around ’12, I think the key here is going to be a continuation of the discipline that we’ve shown and the willingness to return capital to shareholders, which we’ve shown over the last two years. When you think about, since the beginning of 2010, we’ve returned $1.2 billion to shareholders, 140 of dividend and $1.60 billion in share repurchases. The real story though is the operating cash flow from the segments. I mean, when you think about returning $1.2 billion over a two year period and having your holding company capital position go up from roughly 710 at year end 2009 to 760 year end 2011, I mean that’s in my mind, that’s the real story. Going forward we are going to continue to maintain the discipline. I think, the capital deployment question is one we ask every quarter, it’s a very dynamic process. The answer for the last eight quarters has been the same, largely driven by strong capital flows and an attractive share price relative to book and that’s going to continue to drive our process for 2012.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jimmy Bhullar with JP Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar – JP Morgan: Hi, thank you.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar – JP Morgan:
 : What are your expectations for that and what’s been driving it? And the second, if you look at the Employee Benefits margins, excluding the reserve release, it seems like the margins are a lot weaker than where they’ve been, so if you could talk about what products specifically cause that and just if it is disability then, what you are seeing in terms of loss and recovery trends in the disability business?
Rob Pollock: Sure, let’s start on the property side and the placement rates, we don’t have great insight into what will happen moving forward, but we do know what happened in the last quarter is a client came onboard with a number of loans. It was a flat cancel meaning that all the premium came to us as the servicer took over the portfolio and the placement rate on that portfolio was quite a bit higher than our portfolio in general Jimmy. So that drove a big part of that placement rate. The other thing I guess, I’d say there is obviously, just kind of all the things going on certainly you have a growing number of loans that are seriously delinquent at some point in time we think that will work its way through the pipeline and that will be the catalyst for placement rates declining. On disability side, Mike do you want to comment?
Mike Peninger: Sure on disability, Jimmy, I think – or excuse me on Employee Benefits, I think the driver of the lower results were – was disability and as we’ve talked for a number of quarters, the recovery rates at Employee Benefits how quickly we can get claimants back to work have lengthened a little bit. It’s been a little more challenging in the difficult economy to do that. Up until the fourth quarter, we had not seen any particular change in incident rates in disability number of new claims and that’s where we saw a bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter. And if you think about disability you have to remember it’s a sort of a non credible coverage because of the low incidence rates. So it takes us some time to look at the experience and determine if you are seeing some sort of a pattern or an if it’s just a temporary aberration. So we have lot of tools and things to look at that and we are dissecting the block and as we determine that there is actually a sustainable trend then we’ll have to take corrective action. So that’s the story of disability. I think the good news at Employee Benefits is that dental experience has continued to improve and we feel good about the progress in that coverage. And then I think the final piece of benefits is, life insurance where I think we are suffering a little bit quarter-over-quarter in comparison because we had some exceptionally good mortality in 2010. I would say in 2011, good but not spectacularly good, so you just got a little bit of a quarter-over-quarter phenomenon there.
Jimmy Bhullar – JP Morgan: And then just one more the Specialty Property business, as all the enquiries going on, is there any way in which the investigations have affected your business thus far like if you are going out seeking price increases or doing anything else or its affected your ability to price the business appropriately, or you’ve seen an impact on how you operate in the business?
Mike Peninger: No, we haven’t Jimmy and, one thing I just want to make sure, I point out is, there have been many misconceptions over this product. We’ve actually put a white paper up in our web to define how things work which I think can clarify a lot of the statements that have been made that. Certainly we don’t believe are true about us.
Jimmy Bhullar – JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we’ll have our next question from Ed Spehar, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Rob Pollock: Good morning Ed.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. I guess I’d like to follow up on the question about pricing and Specialty Property, two things, first I believe you have said that, when a lot of the rate actions that you look for in a year will occur sometime after the storm season. So I’m wondering if you could give us anything specific on the amount of rate increases which you’ve asked for what’s been accept and is there any change in the acceptance rating change in the level of the questioning that you are getting from regulators regarding rate filings anything that’s different specifically rate filings, because I think you’ve – I think this is the time of the year where you’d be doing that? And then I have one follow-up.
Rob Pollock: Sure, so we are going through our normal process. I guess if you think about last year’s storm season, a little bit different than traditionally just a big hurricane season. We had the tornadoes earlier in the year. The actual filings that take place over the course of years, we’ve got filings in process, I’d say we are seeing nothing out of the ordinary in terms of how we are moving forward.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay and then one follow-up. You talk about in the white paper and I think you said in the past that you believe your rates are among the lower rates in the lender-place market. Can you give us some sense, I mean first of all, how do you figure that out, is it from state filings? And secondly, could you give us some sense of how much your rates might differ on average from your competitors?
Rob Pollock: I think we’ve put out broad comparisons of where we are versus the underlying voluntary carriers Ed, and certainly Gene and his team have done some macro analysis that makes us feel our rates are lower. Anecdotally, I’m sure that, that three can be situations where that might not be the case, because everybody has slightly different rating formulas by geographies and how they act, but it’s basically a process where we can look at things in the marketplace sometimes, in situations where there may be flat cancellations we can see the rate charts and we know we are cheaper.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We’ll proceed next to Steven Schwartz, Raymond James and Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Hey good morning everybody.
Rob Pollock: Hey, good morning Steven.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Good morning. If I can, a couple of follow-ups and some of my own. Just on the capital question, holding company capital some in 60, why are you considering these days to be a necessary buffer?
Chris Pagano: The buffer continues to be the 250 that is something we established back in early ’09 as part of our enterprise as management initiative. Keep in mind, again my point earlier, we ask the question on a regular basis the appropriateness in the buffer, the answer has been the same. But going forward that could change one of the things that we’ve also talked about in the last couple of years is our desire to be above the buffer as we head into the CAT season sort of a seasonal buffer. If you want to think of it that way. But that’s a question that we are going to continue ask, but at this point it’s still $250 million. So the 760 has a five, ten deployable number to it.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay, but it seems from at least what you are saying Chris is that, you want to spend your operating income. So you wind up at that five, ten again I guess is that an accurate statement?
Chris Pagano: Again, kind of the thought process here is, in general we believe we can get operating earnings out of the segments in the form of dividends up to the holding company. Now operating earnings are a function of what goes transpire during the course of the year. Rob mentioned the fact that if we do see growth we may need to keep some of the earnings back to support that growth at the individual segments. And then again, Mike made the comment about the need to make some disciplined investment. So the deployment priorities also involve the search for the disciplined search for growth and that is an ongoing question that we ask. And at this point, I think what we’ve seen in the last two years, given our criteria around acquisitions that the best use of the deployable capital has been to return it to shareholders and given where the share price that’s traded relative to book and what we think is a very attractive level, share repurchase has been the dominant form of deployment of capital.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay, moving on, Rob, I think you mentioned the new customer had an extraordinarily high placement rate. Do you have a sense of what the placement rate would have done in Specialty Property without that customer?
Rob Pollock: Without the client, I don’t have that with me. My guess is it was in the range of where it’s been probably flat.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay, and I think maybe somebody explain the math, if we have, is the market finally curves out and we start to have a lot of foreclosures, how does the math work? That would take your, all else equal that would take your loans down? Would that also take the placement rate down?
Rob Pollock: Okay, so maybe a good way to think about this Steven is first, if it’s Fannie or Freddie, okay and it moves to an OREO status, we are going to lose that, because they don’t insure all that business. If it’s not a Fannie or Freddie loan, on most of our customers we have an OREO program it will move from kind of that individual policy to a bulk policy provided to the owner of the properties. So, you can think about it is, if it’s placed today and moves in this Fannie Freddie, we are going to lose it. Otherwise, it’s conceivable that could remain with us, but it’s going to have a shorter ten year because obviously they are going to love to get the property sold.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Right, okay, good. I forgot about the Fannie, Freddie thing. And then just on the – and just two quick ones. The lost customer on the wireless whereas you don’t want to say how big, do you know why?
Rob Pollock: Yeah, I think kind of a couple of things. One is we have pricing discipline on how we approach things. I think the other is, they had an integration of some things that are different than what we had to offer and it was evaluated in a holistic sense.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay, and then lastly just on the reinsurance that you just put in, in which you are looking at, what’s your thought on rate online? Is it going to be flat? Is it going to be higher?
Rob Pollock: Yeah, I think Chris can probably comment in more detail, I think Steven, we are seeing a slightly harder market and then we’ve got growth in our portfolio. So I think both of those things are going to drive up the premium a bit. I don’t know Chris if you want to amplify on that?
Chris Pagano: Yeah I think in general, between the January traditional placement and then more importantly the CAT bond we just placed, we’ve seen and what we think is about a 10% to 15% price increase all other things equal. We feel very good about the fact that we’ve got 70% place now heading into the June placement. Again that’s part of our long-term strategy is to place at multiple points during the year. And again as Mike mentioned, this is not apples-to-apples. This is not a reinsurance we are going to buy, it’s gone up versus last year, given the growth and the product. So that will factor in but, and again we’ll give you the full breakdown when we complete the June placement and a couple quarters, a couple months rather.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James and Associates: Okay, thank you guys.
Operator:
 :
Rob Pollock: Good morning, John.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Hi, thanks. Good morning everybody. I’ll start here. If I look at Specialty Property, you have that line item that shows the amount of premiums that you ceded to your clients and to the governments and then I think if I recall correctly the government piece is the flood program. But I was hoping you could tell us or give us a sense anyway, what the portion is of that line item that ceded to clients, I’m guessing as things shifts here, the servicers are very likely to no longer be able to take on that premium is likely to come back to you as we look forward. So I’m just trying to gauge that.
Rob Pollock: Yeah, that’s just something we haven’t provided John. Obviously, that will all become clear if what you think happens, happens.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay, no willingness even to give us a sense for 20% or 30% or 40%?
Rob Pollock: Just not something we’ve disclosed.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. There has also been and I know your white paper addresses this a little bit, but I was hoping maybe you could go into a little bit more detail. I’ve heard from some who believe that insured values have not come down nearly fast enough relative to home prices nationally and that, as a result, the premiums in dollars not necessarily premium per thousand dollars of coverage. But the premiums in dollars are too high and this is not necessarily just an issue for your business but maybe for home owners’ insurance business broadly. Can you just give some commentary around that? Because I think that’s a misplaced view, but I’m interested in your opinion.
Chris Pagano: Sure, I think a couple different things here. The first is, we work off whatever the prior the voluntary carriers coverage amount is makes it, nothing we are passing judgment on, we are just taking the program they have and extending that same amount of structural coverage that was in place in the past. Second, obviously there is a big difference between home prices today and the cost to build for repair when things happen and those are at a different relationship than we’ve ever seen historically. I think those things over time will move back to more normal levels. The third thing I think with respect to our coverage that often gets locked as well is, we have a dual interest policy. And what that means is, when repairs take place, we are often in a situation when the repair takes place that allows the home owner to stay in the home and we think that’s quite important as well, whereas if that was just covering the loan amount. The person who has got the mortgage loan gets covered but that’s not enough to take care of all the damage that’s been done. That just doesn’t seem like the right approach.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: That’s an interesting one. Thank you. And then, I guess, I almost feel silly asking this question maybe it’s a bit of a follow-up to Mark’s, given you bought back 12.5% of your shares in 2011, but with over $500 million of excess capital, above your 250 cushion, I mean is there any really reason the pace of your buybacks couldn’t accelerate further versus 2011 and I guess related to that I know the Board, Rob, typically makes a decision on the dividend in the spring but have you given any, at least early consideration to maybe a more significant dividend hike to put it may be truly competitive dividend yield on the stocks?
Rob Pollock: Sure, this is all part of that disciplined capital management strategy we talk about John and these are all things that we look at periodically. I think, Chris and his team I think, all we have to do is look at the history, it’s very disciplined. It’s very oriented toward value and its value-oriented towards the shareholder. Chris, I don’t know if there are other things you like to add in there?
Chris Pagano: I guess the only other thing I’d point out is, our focus on consistency. Again doing things the way we’ve done them quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year using the 10b5-1 program to repurchase stock being in the market not doing accelerated, because that suggests some sort of point in time view of ours. But the key being to where there is deployable capital that the best use of it to give it back to shareholders and that’ what we are going to do. The discussion with the board again consistency every year during the second quarter, we have that discussion and we are going to do that again this year. So, I mean, and the other point I want to make is, this is a dynamic process, okay. This is not something that we don’t just automatically ask the questions, the same questions, quarter-in quarter-out. We happen to be coming up with the same answers in the last eight quarters and that’s the action that we’ve been taking.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. And then, last one just a quick one in Benefits. I think your press release mentioned that you lost about $40 million in premiums in the January 1 renewal on two different cases. Just the interest is, if you could give us a sense for how competitive that was, if you were looking for a rate increase of let’s say X, how much of a discount did that business leave you for relative to X?
Mike Peninger: Yeah, I wasn’t quite – there were some quite issue on these John and it was a client that was having relatively poor experience and we were essentially trying to price correctly for the experience that was sort of a loss ratio driven thing. The other one was one of the turnkey reinsurance clients that we’ve talked about in the BRMS business. That client decided to essentially change his program and retain more of the risk themselves. So they are recapturing the thing, there wasn’t any dissatisfaction, and that they thought we are doing a fine job for them.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay, thank you very much for the answers.
Operator: We’ll go next to Mark Hughes, SunTrust.
Rob Pollock: Good morning Mark.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you very much. The voluntary benefits, you say that success, you had a lot of success in new sales. How big is that of your total sales within benefits and how quickly that it grow?
Rob Pollock: It accounts for roughly I think 50% of our sales Mark, and that’s grown steadily and that’s where Employee Benefits is investing their resources and as I think I said in my comments that they are taking some of the expense savings there and redeploying them into voluntary investments that are adding to distribution. So the pace of the voluntary growth we feel pleased with.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Right, and then you’ve obviously had a lot of success taking share in Specialty Property. How is your visibility or how do you feel about the opportunities ahead to continue to take share was there something special about the last year or two that allows you to capture more or conditions just is there good going forward?
Mike Peninger: I mean, we think we have a better mousetrap here. That being said, you know there is one client we are not going to get and that represents a large share of the market. We think everything else is a fair game.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust:
 :
Mike Peninger: Yeah, I think it was fairly, - as I said earlier it’s very difficult to look at one quarter of disability experience and draw anything definitive. We didn’t see any particularly segment of the block. I would say that there were a bit a higher than normal large claims this quarter sometimes than disability you can get some variants in the reserves on a high benefit claim can be quite large and so you can get a little bit of volatility introduced there. But nothing in terms of a particular segment of the block.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Chris Giovanni, Goldman Sachs.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Thanks so much. A question on health. In the outlook you point into kind of reduction in expenses again in 2012m but 4Q it look like it was the first time, we hadn’t seen sort of a sequential decline in expenses. So wondering first if there was anything seasonal in 4Q that drove the uptick? And then next, what type of expense saves further do you think you can take out?
Mike Peninger: Yeah, a couple things. One of the things I just pointed out is, we have both short-term and long-term incentive plans that get trued up at the end of the year. We finished stronger than we were thinking at the end of the three quarters and as a result, our accruals went up and that’s pretty much across the board. Okay, so that’s a little anomaly in the fourth quarter expenses. The health people themselves tremendously focused on continued simplification. So they have efforts underway to reduce systems to look at anything that isn’t customer facing and ask questions of why do have these things? We’ve taken out a lot. I think they see opportunities for more, but it’s harder. We have some things to deal with, with healthcare reform we mentioned. One of the biggest of which is just dealing with the addition of holding requirements associated with ICD 10 I guess or I may have my – wrong.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: That’s right.
Chris Pagano: Fundamentally, the good news is that, a small piece of that we are actually going to be able to count as quality improvement on MLR that was again kind of a new news thing in the fourth quarter. So, again they are very focused on the expense side. They are very focused on providing affordability and choice to customers and we are hopeful we are going to see sales continue to increase in this business.
Mike Peninger: And I would just add, Chris, I think Rob sort of commented on this, but certainly all, that’s easy to get or near term expense savings have been attained at Health. They’ve done a great job. What we are working on now is really that hard detailed simplification of the internal process, simplification of the systems environment and all of that is just detailed and it takes time, they are really on a great track there. So they do feel they can get more.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then back in 2010 you guys made the decision to stay in the Health business despite sort of what was going on with healthcare reform and results I assume you’ve been better than many. So do you think the success that you are having now makes this business easier to sell or should we kind of take the Aetna contract as a sign that you guys are in this business for the long run?
Mike Peninger: Well again, we start all our assessments around two fundamental themes. Is it the Specialty business and can we get to attractive returns for our shareholders. I’d say on both those counts we are feeling quite good. Had the progress we’ve made, we are not to the returns we want yet, but we’ve made quite a bit of progress. We think that the Aetna deal is a great deal for us around a number of different dimensions and strengthens our position not only with end-consumers but also with our distribution partners. So, we are very encouraged on how we are moving forward in this business. 
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just, sorry if you addressed this already. But I think you had met with Best towards the end of the quarter and in the past it’s been you’ve been able to dividend up 100% of the earnings. Has that changed at all as you move into 2012?
Mike Peninger: The fourth quarter, best performed and completed its annual review in the fourth quarter. Very pleased with the results. Keep in mind, agency discussions are not once a year or even once a quarter. They occur on a regular basis. I think to the extent that rating agency views evolve, we like to participate in those discussions, react accordingly. Again, comes back to capitalizing the operating entities appropriately given, not only the rating agency’s views but our views which are a byproduct of our risk management approach. So, right now, as of today we don’t anticipate any changes but again it’s early in the year, we are going to file our statutory returns and make some determinations around ordinary dividend capacity et cetera. But, it’s an ongoing discussion and one that we participate actively in, are very partnerships we think with the rating agencies.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks so much. That helps.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jeffrey Schuman, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Rob Pollock: Good morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thanks, good morning. Few questions on Specialty Property. First of all we look at loans track, down about 2% year-over-year, can you give us some sense of the interplay between how much the market moved and how much your share moved?
Mike Peninger: Well, a couple of things. The first is that the loans that are – we have are reported to us by the servicers and we found that to be a rather fluid number. So it’s not like we have a perfect inventory on these things all the time Jeff. That being said, we know that we added a couple of clients during the year. And the additions, there was a number of loans we thought we are going to take over and then there was a number we actually took over which reflects just that pay off, or foreclosure, all those dynamics going on in the market. Maybe a good way to think about it is, what’s happening to the overall inventory. We think that’s gone down by several million loans and we think we’ve gone down by a smaller percentage.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, that’s helpful. Next on the OREO, if you look at the OREO penetration of gross written, it’s been coming down a fair amount, is that a reflection of less new flows into OREO or is it more a reflection of stuff coming out the back side of OREO?
Mike Peninger: Well, you mentioned two and I think there is a third. So those are two of the dynamics, the third is some of our clients have moved to monthly programs on OREO versus annualized programs. So that will have – not an impact on our earned premium but certainly on our written premium. So, all those factors are in play and off the top of my head I just don’t have those relative differences.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, thanks. And then lastly, back to the regulatory issue. I think if I characterize, some of your comment that probably Rob and maybe this isn’t clear or it’s oversimplifies and correct me, but I think part of what you are saying is that the regulatory focus is largely on the servicers. It’s not on the insurers and in fact you are really not facing issues with your insurance regulators. And therefore, perhaps you are not substantially at risk in this process. But I wonder if that kind of oversimplifies because I thought one of the issues that was on the table with the servicers was the idea that perhaps they should be required to make much greater efforts to maintain the original voluntary coverages that we’re in place in order to help kind of manage the cost of the coverage. Is that, it’s your understanding that issue was on the table and if so, I mean, isn’t that’s something that indirectly would impact you?
Rob Pollock: A couple of points. First is, I think your characterization is right for Assurant, I don’t hope to comment on where any other insurers are in the process, because I don’t really know. So I can only comment related to us. Second, I think, we’ve done a lot to try and inform of all the efforts we go through to maintain coverage. That’s a big part of the service we provide and we provided to our servicers. We start with somewhere during the year like 13% of all mortgage holders we get some notification that there has been insurance may not be remaining in force. And through our efforts, we are able to reduce that down to the 2% range. I think that’s a great value to the servicers et cetera as part of that process. So number one thing we try and do is, do exactly what you said, keep that voluntary coverage in place. It’s only when none of that happens that returned to placing the policy.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, that’s helpful. I probably didn’t appreciate that as well as I should have. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: We’ll have a follow-up from Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
Rob Pollock: Hi Mark.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Hi, thanks for the follow-up. Maybe just taking you back a little basic, on health.
Rob Pollock: Sure.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Even if I adjust for the rebate in the quarter and knowing that the favorable reserve developments should be much lighter as that’s largely played out. It was still a huge quarter and to a prior question expenses weren’t really kind of the driver. What exactly drove the, that’s certainly is a very large health number relative to my own expectations than I assume others?
Mike Peninger:
 :
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Yes.
Rob Pollock: I can’t either. Obviously, all the issues that are going on there we’re selling some business. That’s a positive for us that allow us to spread over that broader base of things, but I just think it’s the execution of their strategy coming to fruition, yes.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Are you still waiting on additional states to decide on the transitional provisions? And if so, how big?
Chris Pagano: I think there are a few still outstanding. Most of them have been decided, I think there are a handful of there Mark that were still waiting to hear on. And I think at least…
Rob Pollock: But there is a number that we have also heard are not going to be granted. So the pool has shrunk for those who might be granted relief.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Right. Okay and then actually just one question on Specialty Property as a follow-up. I was trying to kind of square this a little bit. The guidance for 2012 suggested some kind of deterioration in loss ration some deterioration in expense ratio. But it was largely attributed to product diversification. It wasn’t attributed to reinsurance pricing, kind of rates. But then in Chris’s comments, you talked about reinsurance pricing going up, 10% to 15% and I’m trying to think about, does that suggest that pricing on the core product is going up to meet that reinsurance pricing? Does it mean we are kind of reducing our kind of outlays for reinsurance and therefore kind of maybe the risk is going up a little bit, like how do I kind of square those comments?
Mike Peninger: Yeah, it’s complicated because remember, for instance the reinsurance program we just placed the CAT bonds. We had the CAT bond that was rolling off the market that was in place when that CAT bond was brought to market was a tighter market than we are experiencing today. So we are going to get some benefit from that. I think that Chris provided some general comments, but it depends on the layers we are operating in where we choose to participate or not participate in the tower and we still have a piece of the program to yet buy where we said our deductible is another important consideration. So I think the best time to look at all that Mark is, when we have the final program in place in June and you’ll be able to see the amount of coverage we bought which is obviously more as we have more exposure in the CAT prone areas. And I think you’ll be able to have the best sense of what that means overall. Our process is also on the rate is asking for rate increases at the state levels. We try and take that into account. That can be a little bit lag sometimes as well.
Mark Finkelstein – Evercore Partners: Right. Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll have our last question from John Nadel, Sterne Agee.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Thanks. Just a quick follow up and it’s sort of along the same lines as Mark did again. I’m just looking at the outlook commentary and thinking about the Specialty Property and earned premiums being relatively flat year-over-year. It’s just when you break down Specialty Property obviously you got the creditor placed, you get the manufactured housing and you got the other which is that slew of renters and other products. Can you just give us a sense for, as you look out to 2012, what your general expectations for each of those pieces that get you to flat? Is it still, we are still looking for Specialty Property to shrink or no, I mean for a creditor placed to shrink or no?
Rob Pollock: Maybe, but it just be a small amount. It’s all going to be a function John of the placement rates.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Yeah. And obviously that just had a nice lift with the new loans you’ve brought on right, so?
Rob Pollock: We believe so.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Yeah. So that I mean, that’s probably, I mean, is it fair to assume that had that particular accounts or loan package, that particular loan package did not come on all else equal we’d be looking at a faster rate of decline, correct?
Mike Peninger:
, :
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay and then just, I appreciate that, and then just one more quick follow-up on capital or capital levels or whatever. As of the end of the year what do you estimate your incremental debt capacity is right now?
Mike Peninger: Well I think it’s still about, the $350 million we’ve talked about if you look at the debt-to-cap ratio that’s been pretty consistent over the full year. There we are going to be opportunistic. It is another source and another source of financial flexibility for us. But then I think about the interest rate environment and kind of recent commentary from the Fed in terms of what they are going to do and we want to be very careful about adding capacity when there is no imminent need and we do have such strong operating cash flows and a large holding company capital position.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: I can think of an imminent need. Thank you.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, John. Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
Operator: This concludes Assurant’s fourth quarter 2011 conference call. Please note a replay will be available as of 11:00 AM. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Assurant Q3 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator instructions.)  I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.  Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett: Thanks, David.  Welcome to Assurant’s Q3 2011 Earnings Conference Call.  Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant; and Mike Peninger, Our Chief Financial Officer.  Following the prepared remarks we will open the call to questions.  Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer, is also here for questions. Yesterday we issued a news release announcing our Q3 2011 financial results.  The news release, as well as the corresponding supplemental financial information, is available on our website at www.assurant.com.  Some of the statements we make during today’s call may contain forward-looking information.  Our actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.  Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements can be found in yesterday’s news release and our SEC reports, including but not limited to our 2010 Form 10(k) which can be accessed from our website.  The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additionally, the presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company’s performance.  For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two please refer to yesterday’s news release and the supplementary financial information that we posted on our website at www.assurant.com. Now I’m glad to turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning everyone.  We are pleased with our continued progress in executing our strategy.  While our results this quarter reflect considerable storm activity, our focus on creating sustainable value for our shareholders remains strong.  Our long-term goals center on three key operating metrics: first, operating return on equity.  We reported an 8.6% return on an annualized basis excluding AOCI.  Catastrophe losses from the storm activity during Q2 and Q3 impacted our ROE; however, we expect ROE will increase in Q4 and future years as our businesses work to improve performance. The second is book value per diluted share.  Book value has grown 9.4% year-to-date excluding AOCI.  We expect to end 2011 with a double-digit increase in this measure.  Third is revenue growth.  Our total revenues have not grown in 2011 but we are encouraged that we continue to sign new clients and introduce new products in a difficult economic environment.  Let me provide some additional color on the quarter. I’ll begin with Assurant Solutions.  We solidified our international presence, reduced expenses, increased our wireless reach and maintained strong pre-need sales.  These actions all have contributed to better profitability.  Solutions generated meaningful new sales, both domestically and internationally, in a challenging global environment.  This can be seen in our growth in gross written premiums.  Solutions is well positioned to deliver on its commitment of a double-digit ROE in 2012.  Longer-term, we remain focused on progress toward the goals we have outlined. 2011 net earned premiums and fees will be similar to 2010, but we expect modest top line growth in 2012.   International, domestic service contracts and pre-need will be the key contributors.  We will continue to build our capabilities to serve the wireless marketplace and manage our programs and expenses for continued improvement in the international combined ratio. Moving to Assurant Specialty Property, quarterly results reflect the impact of catastrophe losses.  Our priority is to help our customers affected by severe storms and we continue to assist them as they rebuild and repair their homes.  Our strategy to align with market leaders combined with the investments we have made in our tracking system allow us to respond quickly when portfolios move between servicers.  This meets an important need for our clients.  We are pleased to report that the new client portfolio we mentioned last quarter was successfully implemented earlier than we had previously anticipated.  As a result, this portfolio will now generate premiums beginning in Q4 2011.  We are well positioned for the movement of loan portfolios that we expect will continue in 2012. Several years ago, insurance for renters was identified as an underserved market by our Specialty Property Team.  We created a different way to connect with customers by partnering with owners and managers of multi-family housing properties.  This business generates about $100 million in annual net earned premiums and fees and we anticipate growth will continue in 2012.  The acquisition of SureDeposit, the market leader in rental security deposit alternatives, expands our product offerings.  We are pleased with our integration progress and the acquisition was accretive during the quarter. Next, I’ll turn to Assurant Health.  Q3 results reflect continued progress as we implement our strategy.  Sales of our new Health Access and supplemental product offerings continue to gain traction.  These products are designed to address affordability needs of consumers.  We also enhance technologies so our distribution partners can more effectively serve customers.  We continue to drive toward a streamlined structure that will allow us to succeed under the minimum loss ratio regulations, and through the first nine months of 2011 we significantly reduced expenses compared to last year. It’s important to remember that 2011 is just the first year of the implementation of healthcare reform.  Additional provisions of the legislation will affect reported results in future years, but our focus remains the same – to generate sales and to realize further expense efficiencies.  A better customer experience and a simplified business model will help us achieve these goals. Moving to Assurant Employee Benefits, our results improved sequentially.  Progress in helping claimants return to work was the primary reason.  Our strategic focus on distribution through key brokers and our expanded product offerings continued to improve sales of voluntary products.  During the quarter, more than half of new sales came from supplemental and voluntary products. Before I turn it over to Mike, let me turn to corporate matters.  Our capital position remains strong.  We ended the quarter with corporate capital at a similar level to last quarter.  Our strong capital position allowed us to repurchase shares during hurricane season as we outlined on our last call.  We continue to believe our share price is attractive.  Now, Mike will walk you through the operating results for each business.  Mike?
Mike Peninger: Thanks, Rob.  Let’s start with Assurant Solutions, where Q3 net operating income was just over $35 million, a 9% increase versus Q3 of 2010.  Improved international underwriting experience drove the year-over-year increase.  Domestic net earned premiums and fees increased in the automotive and wireless channels.  These increases were offset by declines from the continued runoff of Circuit City and our domestic credit business.  For the full year 2011 these runoff businesses are expected to reduce premiums by approximately $170 million compared to 2010. The domestic combined ratio of 99.4% for the quarter was similar to the prior year.  The combined ratio was sequentially higher as we saw variability with certain clients but we still expect to achieve our full-year domestic combined ratio target of 98%.  Internationally, net earned premiums and fees increased 14% versus Q3 2010 driven by growth in Latin America from both new and existing clients. The international combined ratio of 101.5% was 260 basis points lower than Q3 2010.  Favorable results in Latin America primarily drove the improvement.  We expect the Q4 ratio to be roughly level with Q3 as the stubborn economy in Europe and client installation costs in Latin America temporarily slow the pace of improvement. Pre-needs net operating income increased slightly versus Q3 of 2010 as our partnership with SCI continued to generate strong sales. Turning now to Assurant Specialty Properties, net operating income was approximately $44 million.  This reflects about $52 million of after-tax reportable catastrophe losses including losses from widespread coastal flooding versus no comparable losses in the same period last year.  As a reminder, we define a reportable catastrophe loss as an iso. event that results in a loss of $5 million or more.  Excluding the reportable catastrophe losses, the combined ratio increased for the quarter primarily due to an increase in the frequency of non-catastrophe weather related losses. The new clients we added last year, loan portfolio acquisitions by existing clients and an increase in the overall placement rate continued to sustain gross earned premiums in our lender placed business.  Q3 net earned premiums and fees declined slightly versus 2010 due to additional premiums ceded to clients and decreased catastrophe reinsurance premiums.  Growth in multi-family housing products including SureDeposit partially offset the decline in net earned premiums and fees. The increase in placement rates continues to reflect difficulties in the housing market.  We believe they will begin to decline gradually as we outlined in our Investor Day presentation. The pace of the decline will depend on a number of factors including macroeconomic trends, government intervention, and client-specific portfolio characteristics. Turning next to Assurant Health, I’ll again remind you that current results are not directly comparable to prior years due to changes in our business model and the premium rebate accruals required under healthcare reform.  Net earned premiums and fees for the quarter were $438 million net of a rebate accrual of $9 million.  Our estimates of rebate accruals continue to fluctuate as we adjust our product pricing and evaluate developing loss experience.  We now estimate the year-end rebate liability will be in the range of $60 million to $65 million.  Sales of our new Health Access and supplemental products continued to show improvement during the quarter. Delivering on our commitment to reduce expenses was an important driver of Health’s results.  Q3 expenses were $34 million less than they were in 2010.  Year-to-date we have reduced our run rate expenses by over $50 million versus last year.  We now expect full-year 2011 after tax net operating income for Health to be in a range of $20 million to $25 million.  This includes a one-time provider reimbursement of $4.8 million after tax disclosed in Q1 of this year.  It also includes approximately $12 million after tax of favorable claim reserve development relative to year-end 2010 reserves.  Beginning in 2012, reserve development on products subject to the MLR will be factored into the rebate calculation, thus reducing its contribution to reported earnings. At Assurant Employee Benefits, net operating income was $13.6 million.  The year-over-year decrease reflects the extremely favorable disability experience in Q3 2010 and the lowering of the reserve discount rate earlier this year.  Life and dental results were slightly improved versus Q3 last year.  Q3 net earned premiums and fees declined slightly versus last year and we expect full-year 2011 premiums to be down as well.  The decrease primarily reflects pricing actions on a block of previously assumed disability business and lower prior-year sales.  A $5 million single premium transaction during Q3 along with growth in voluntary and supplemental product sales partially offset the decline. Turning to corporate matters, our capital position at the end of Q2 allowed us to continue to repurchase shares during Q3 despite indications of storm activity early in the cat season.  During Q3 we repurchased 2.2 million shares for $76 million.  Total repurchases for the first nine months of 2011 were 9.6 million shares at a cost of $360 million.  In Q4 through October 21st we repurchased an additional 652,000 shares for approximately $24 million. Going forward, we anticipate that full-year operating company dividends will at least equal operating earnings and our capital management priorities have not changed.  Our goal is to maximize risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders by investing in our businesses to build long-term value and by returning capital versus buybacks and dividends.  As Rob said, we believe our share price is attractive and we expect to continue our repurchase activity during the remainder of the year. Our investment portfolio continues to perform well.  Our conservative investment philosophy and disciplined asset/liability management minimize our portfolio turnover and help moderate the pace of decline in our portfolio yield.  We are carefully monitoring events in Europe and our direct and indirect investment exposures to that market are low and manageable.  In our supplement this quarter, we’ve included additional information about our Eurozone and European portfolio exposure. In accordance with [FASBE] rules issued in 2010 we will change our methodology for capitalizing of acquisition costs beginning in 2012.  We estimate that our beginning shareholders’ equity will be reduced by between $140 million and $150 million, or approximately 3% upon adoption of the new rules.  The equity adjustment will be non-cash and affects only our GAAP financials.  Looking forward, we expect the overall impact of the change on 2012 reported earnings to be small, totaling less than $10 million after tax. Overall, as Q3 results indicate, we are executing and realizing progress on the commitments we outlined on Investor Day.  As we continue to do so we will build a stronger business and create long-term value for our shareholders.  Now I’ll turn it back to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Mike.  Before moving to Q&A I want to review our strategy of pursuing specialty niche markets.  Our business model and strategy are different by design.  As a result, certain macro factors have a muted impact on Assurant compared to others.  Let me offer a few examples.  Our risk-oriented approach to asset management has allowed us to avoid most asset classes that have been problematic.  We do not offer products with guaranteed payouts, embedded guarantees or a callable feature.  This mitigates the effects of lower interest rates on profitability, and the markets where we’ve chosen to operate are smaller and have fewer competitors compared to more general insurance markets such as auto or life insurance.  This niche focus has allowed us to become market leaders by serving the unmet needs of our customers and clients. In spite of the macroeconomic challenges, we are well-positioned with a resilient and agile business model designed to adapt and withstand marketplace uncertainties.  Our agility and adaptability will remain important since we expect volatility in the economy to continue for the foreseeable future.  And with that, I’ll ask the Operator to open the call for questions.  Operator, our first question please.
Operator: Thank you.  (Operator Instructions.)  Our first question comes from Jeffrey Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey Schuman: Good morning, thanks.  Just a couple questions: in Health you’ve taken down expenses by a lot in absolute terms.  I’m wondering if that has played out or whether you can go down further in absolute terms, or is it a matter of just kind of levering the new expense base from here.
Mike Peninger: I think that we believe we can take expenses down further, Jeff, and of course the other side to that is the upside is we gain traction writing more new clients.  I think a lot of the work now, Jeff, is around infrastructure.  We did a lot of work on staffing and things like that last year; now we’re into redesigning the work processes and hitting and streamlining the systems environment – that all takes a little bit longer.  But as Rob said we think there’s more we can accomplish there.
Jeffrey Schuman: I’m just curious – cutting that much, I mean you must have cut a lot of people.  What did most of these people do?  Were they concentrated in certain areas or was it kind of across the board or what happened?
Mike Peninger: Well, there’s lots of different things there.  I think we started, Jeff, saying first we want to make sure that we don’t do anything that impacts the customer experience, and we were very focused on that.  But again, we used to do many things to manage costs that in the new environment count as expenses and in the old environment lowered the cost ratio.  Given the loss ratio constraints we had to evaluate each and every one of those areas.  A second is just an eye towards, as you look toward 2014 we know that we’re going to be in a guaranteed issuance environment and that has impacts on underwriting, and so that’s another area we focused on. Third, I think as we mentioned on prior calls, we have had to reduce compensation to agents along with the rest of the industry in order to be in compliance with the minimum loss ratio regulations or to be profitable there.  So a variety of different factors that we’ve tried to push all the buttons.
Jeffrey Schuman: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from Mark Finkelstein with Evercore Partners.
Mark Finkelstein: Good morning.  You may have said it earlier, I was a little late on the call, but can you just talk a little bit about on the Health side the covered lives number continues to trend higher after kind of going down in 2010.  I guess what I’m really interested in is the Access product what is driving the growth, and what is your outlook?  And then secondly can you give some flavor for, I know it’s early but what is the mix currently between the Health Access account and the more traditional major medical?
Rob Pollock: Sure.  So Health Access is a key contributor to our lives growth.  Obviously the Health Access client has a lower premium point than the traditional major medical, but remember we started from virtually zero on this beginning in Q3 2010 or Q4 2010.  So the base is small but we’re encouraged by the new sales results, and obviously over time we think this will become a growing percentage of our business.  It already is but it’s a pretty small base today, Mark, and we just haven’t split that out.  Mike?
Mike Peninger: Yeah, I’ll just say that the growth in Access we think directly speaks to the affordability issue in the healthcare system.  People are struggling to afford the cost of healthcare and our products allow them to have meaningful coverage.  They tradeoff a certain amount of high-level benefits but the premiums are very affordable and allow them access to the healthcare system, and we believe that’s a big need in the marketplace that we’ve tapped into.
Rob Pollock: Right, and the ability to tailor to their own specific needs has been a fundamental issue over time that is a bit missed with the prescribed, we call them the metallic plans, but the plans you need to offer to qualify under [P-PACA].
Mark Finkelstein: Okay, just one follow-up on that: I understand that the premium is a lot lower – it’s kind of a different product altogether – but it is higher margin.  If you were to take per policy, what is the margin per policy on a similar average policy?  What would be the average margin on the Access versus the major medical in this world we’re in right now?
Mike Peninger: I think it’s early to say.  We think it offers the possibility of slightly higher…  We’re focused on the blended 4% after-tax profit margin between the two because we know over time as the market evolves, and it will continue to – things will move around a little bit and we’re very focused on achieving that longer-term goal we’ve set out, Mark.  And again, we’re going to have to see how the product develops, the experience, but we think it offers a little bit perhaps more upside, but it’s early in the game yet.
Mark Finkelstein: Okay.  And then just finally, is the Solutions’ international combined ratio, which fell pretty good in the quarter – is that sustainable?
Rob Pollock: We said it would stay roughly at the same level in Q4, Mark.  We’ve got some installation of new clients in Latin America; we’ve seen sort of a lack of growth in Europe.  Those things are going to sort of temporarily slow the pace of improvement but we think we can continue to get to the goal we’ve outlined over the longer term and it’s really a combination of writing additional clients and seeing continued improvement in our European operation.
Mark Finkelstein: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Giovanni: Good morning, thanks so much.  I wanted to see first if you could talk some about what you’re doing in terms of trying to increase pricing in Specialty Property given an increase in both the non-cat and the cat losses.
Rob Pollock: In Property we have an extensive process of looking at experience and filing for rate increase where the experience dictates.  As we’ve mentioned in the past we’ve gotten rate increases, in some cases we filed for rate decreases – all around the experience.  The cat we have good line of sight on.  It’s relate to what the new program looks like and I’ll have Chris comment on that in a minute, but what I’d say as I think about the…  Everyone, and we’re seeing an industry-wide trend of a slight pickup in “other,” our feeling today is we’re looking at this very closely but this may be some kind of an “other weather-related” event that we believe will correct.  But we’re keeping an eye on it very closely.
Mike Peninger: Before we go to Chris I’d just say that that analysis Rob referred to really needs to be state-by-state.  That’s the way we analyze our experience and the way we adjust pricing.  It’s really state-specific so that’s sort of the level of analysis we do.
Chris Pagano: Hi, Chris, just a couple comments.  I mean it’s a little bit early to assess the reinsurance market for 2012.  We’ve begun to investigate a little bit the absence of significant cat claims on the reinsurer side and we think we’ll keep pricing stable to maybe slightly higher – that’s our early read.  We will continue to put the program in place in multiple stages – the first one in January, and then the second one on the direct side in June.  We do have a cat bond that we issued in 2009; that matures in 2012 and we’re going to investigate our alternatives in the collateralized space on that side.  But again, a little bit early.  The thing to keep in mind is that while rates online may be stable to only slightly higher we’ve got to think about the aggregate risk of the portfolio and that continues to grow.  So we’ll keep you updated as we progress there.
Chris Giovanni: Thanks.  Just one question on wireless and then one on capital: obviously wireless has been a big kind of growth focus for you guys here, and the premium earned pattern is different for that product versus most other areas and solutions.  So I wanted to see kind of where you guys are thinking you stand in terms of being at scale in this particular product line; and then when we can expect you to maybe you could look to increase the disclosures to help us think about the returns on this business versus others.
Rob Pollock: Sure.  Wireless, unlike other service contracts, is a product that earns immediately and is on a monthly basis, so we like that aspect of the business.  In addition to that, the wireless space, we found that there are other profit pools associated with this business than we had contemplated when we got into just the handheld protection business, so there are other offerings that actually show up not through premiums but through fee income on this business.  We have obviously the big installation of Telefonica underway.  That will take a number of years to fully realize premium levels because we’re after a broad client base that hasn’t been exposed to this product.  But we are up in a couple of the countries with more anticipated and we think that’ll be a slow build over time, but it will earn as we write the business immediately.  The key will be to growing the client base.
Mike Peninger: Yeah, I think that’s right.  I mean the nature of the business, if you add a client and sometimes they tend to be larger; and this is quite a fast-growing market globally and certainly impacts most of the countries we’re in.  So like in the case of Telefonica you sign the deal, it takes a fair amount of time to install and ramp up and then you start to earn after that.  So yeah, I think you’ll see a bit of a stair step thing but we still like the overall growth prospects in the market.
Chris Giovanni: Okay, and then just on capital.  I wanted to see if you could maybe help us think about sort of a path for share repurchases here.  Obviously your capital position really didn’t change despite activity in Q3 on buybacks and dividends and you recognize sort of the attractiveness of this share price.  So I guess how do we think about sort of drawing down that excess capital position and then help us frame the leverage ratio which you guys have, which is certainly a lot lower than many of your peers; and how you’re thinking about maybe using that to your advantage, either via additional share repurchases or maybe some type of M&A.
Rob Pollock: Okay.  Well first we’re going to be in the market in Q4 so we will be buying shares.  Second, Chris will give details kind of outlining how the capital position will move during the quarter and I’ll just let him walk through that.  Chris?
Chris Pagano: Sure.  Let me just give you a reconciliation and then a year-to-date kind of assessment.  We ended Q2 with about $650 million of total capital, $400 million of which we view as deployable.  We took about $100 million worth of dividends from the operating entities.  We returned about $93 million to shareholders; $17 million via shareholder dividends and another $76 million through share repurchase.  Net outflows at corporate were about $17 million, the main one being a bond interest payment that we made in August.  So that gets you down to the $640 million number. In terms of thinking about it going forward, we feel like we’ve got about $50 million of earnings available for dividends at the operating segments, so let me give you that reconciliation.  Net operating income at the segment level was about $350 million for the first three quarters.  We’ve taken about $255 million of dividends.  That leaves a balance of $95 million.  Remember in Q2, $45 million of the segments’ NOI, Property in particular, was used to purchase share deposits so that leaves about $50 million of dividends, earnings available for dividends to take up in Q4.  So when you think about what we’ve got as potential dividend capacity from the operating segments you’re thinking about Q4 earnings and we’ll allow you to put that number in plus $50 million. In terms of share repurchase, Rob mentioned we will be in the market.  We have been in the market in October; as Mike mentioned, another 650,000 or so shares for $24 million.  The availability and the visibility around earnings is much clearer now that we’re exiting cat season.  We will get in Q4, in the next several weeks guidance from the rating agencies, primarily [AFS] about capital requirements for the operating segments.  We’ll factor all of that in and assess the capital position and then look to again go back into the market and share repurchase.  Our preference there has always been [10D51].  We like to be in the market consistently at a measured pace so you can expect us to be buying our shares going forward because we do view them as attractive.
Chris Giovanni: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions.)  We’ll take our next question from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning, Rob; good morning, everyone.  A couple questions for you: I’m looking at this piece of growth in gross written premiums in domestic and international service contracts and I was hoping maybe you could deconstruct that a little bit for us to help us understand what types of products are really driving that growth right now so that we can get a better sense.  I know some products tend to earn premium quicker than others – maybe give us a sense there because we’re starting to see some really good growth here and I just want to try to figure out how to translate that into the income statement.
Rob Pollock: Okay.  I think the first thing that’s important for everyone to remember is our client acquisition of Lowe’s last year was a deal we were very pleased to get but we outlined was going to largely be a reinsure deal at least at the beginning, which many of our deals can be.  And then we feel as we are able to prove value out, we’re able to take more things in if we can demonstrate value to the shareholders.  So that is the primary difference in the EFC business between gross written and earned, and there’s a little bit of that that goes on in some of our vehicle service contract business.  But Lowe’s is a big account with a lot of business that isn’t going to show net earned premiums. Setting that aside, though, and we can look at the business excluding that, we have seen very nice growth in our written premium and that will translate, and it’s one of the reasons we believe we will show that modest premium growth next year despite the fact that we know we have runoff going on both of a few clients and our domestic credit business.
John Nadel: Okay.  And then on the international side?
Rob Pollock: Well, the international side we feel quite good about, particularly Latin America.  We’ve had several very nice client additions there and I think most of that international  business is going to earn out with…  We’ll see that next year in earned premiums.
Mike Peninger: Again, you ramp up a client and then you’ve got to go through the same cycle of manufacturers’ warranties and things like that.  But I think Rob’s point is that international sales, we’ve had some nice wins and the pipeline remains really attractive in Latin America.
John Nadel: Okay, that’s sort of the point I’m trying to get at.  I guess particularly with the international side with the wireless contract, and I know you guys said that was going to ramp over a longer period of time.  I guess I’m just trying to get a sense for when we look at that gross written premium, what’s the manufacturers’ warranty period behind most of that; what’s the pace that we should see that translating into the income statement?  That’s all.
Rob Pollock: I think again it’s a mix issue, John, but I think that a year is probably the normal manufacturers’ warranty so I hope that suits your modeling.
John Nadel: Yeah, it does.  Then just two more: one is, Mike, just following up on the Health side you mentioned the $60 million to $65 million premium rebate as you estimate it currently.  Can you just remind us how to think about the timeframe over which that has to be recorded?  Is that over the next twelve months?
Mike Peninger: Yeah, we’re recording at sort of over the course of the year, John.  The rebate applies to 2011 experience so once you start January 1st of 2011 you start incurring claims, and you earn premiums and the rebate relates to the relative results from that business going forward.  The rebate I think is paid in Q3 of next year but we will try to have an accrual for our liability on that, estimated liability at the end of the year.
John Nadel: Okay, so we should be thinking about one-fourth of that, $15 million, $16 million a quarter from here to the extent that it doesn’t change.
Mike Peninger: Well, the pace is…  You’ve seen a little variability of that and it will vary because you’re looking at how experience develops, and we’re also adjusting premiums.  One of the changes under healthcare reform is that you have to think about that liability, and our belief is that we would like to have a small or some sort of modest-sized rebate that we would pay, because the way the rules work is that if you go over the MLR target you can’t recoup it so you want to have a little bit of cushion there.  But you don’t want to have a huge rebate because that would imply that your prices are too high, so you’re trying to make a balance between those two factors.
John Nadel: Okay, and then I guess the last one and then I’ll jump back in the queue: I appreciate your comments on some of the differences between you and other companies given the specialty niche and that sort of thing.  But when we think about new money investment rates, I guess can you give us a sense of where new money rates are for you currently, and how that compares to your overall portfolio yield; and what kind of timeframe do we see?  Obviously as we think about your business mix you don’t have products with crediting rate mechanisms, that sort of thing.  So to the extent that rates do come down I guess we’ve got to assume that that’s coming dollar-for-dollar out of your investment income.
Rob Pollock: Right, so I think there’s a couple of different dimensions to think about this, John.  The first relates to pricing, okay – what are you pricing for in your products?  Of course we have products that we don’t make pricing changes on a daily basis like you might with an annuity or something like that, but we try to reflect once, twice a year changes in the environment for a variety of factors including investment income, our experience, all those things.  In many of our products we’ve made changes; I don’t think enough change for the new money rate today but we’ll continue to look at that.  And that’s something that all of our businesses are keenly focused on. Second, we’ve got some products where it impacts valuation, and the disability reserve discount rate is an example of that where again, we’ve taken action.  Chris, why don’t you talk a little bit about the new money rates.
Chris Pagano: Sure, hi John.  There’s no doubt that there’s a sizable gap between reinvestment yields and the portfolio book yields, and depending on the portfolio you’re talking about a 150 to 200 basis point gap where what’s rolling off versus what we’re replacing it with.  Our main focus right now is to minimize the turnover in the portfolio, continue to keep the unrealized gain in an unrealized position so that it flows through income and preserve the portfolio’s book yield. Now, over time that will migrate towards the reinvestment yield. The problem with estimating that is it’s a function of not only portfolio cash flows but operating cash flows, and so depending on which segments grow and what the nature of the duration of the liability stream that we’re reinvesting for – again, there’s lots of factors coming in there.  But what we’re not going to do is try and preserve the portfolio book yield by stretching for yield and not being paid for the risk that we’re taking.  So again, it’s hard to estimate what’s going to happen.  You can think about a 150 to 200 basis point gap in new money versus maturities and coupon flow but a lot of that again is variable.  Depending on the day and sometimes the time of day new money yields are moving around.
John Nadel: We’ve seen a little bit of that, haven’t we?
Chris Pagano: Yeah, we sure have.  So again, the goal is to preserve the lion’s share of the cash flow as the income is coming off the existing portfolio.  To the extent that we can preserve that book yield we feel like we’ll be able to mute or minimize the pace of decline over time.
Rob Pollock: Which is why we try to look at our measures excluding AOCI because we’re going to see that come through the income statement.
John Nadel: Oh, absolutely yeah.
Mike Peninger: I just wanted to quantify Rob’s point on the pricing, too, because that…  I think all of our businesses have faced the reality that this interest environment is not going away anytime soon so you have to adjust the pricing.
John Nadel: It might start going away today.  Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Spehar with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar: Good morning everyone.  Two questions: first, on the Specialty Property, the force placed business, I think that this is around the time when you are particularly going for rate increases.  And I’m wondering is there any developments at the state level that are unusual versus what you historically have seen or is it too early to tell?
Rob Pollock: Well, on the rate increase side we’re reviewing all of our experience and where we think is appropriate we’ll take action.  One of the things we tend to like to know about is where the cat market is because that’ll factor in a little bit into that; but we I’m sure had some things we dealt with, with different insurance departments during the quarter as we do every quarter.
Mike Peninger: But the experience analysis process at the state level is still the same as it always has been.  We analyze our experience and present our case for whatever adjustment we think is needed.
Ed Spehar: So there hasn’t been any discussion about any change in the approach to reviewing or approving rates?
Mike Peninger: Not to my knowledge.
Ed Spehar: Okay.  And then just sort of a broad question on Specialty Property: I think you guys have indicated that the reset to normal, whatever “normal” is, has been occurring at a slower pace than what you had anticipated.  And I’m wondering again if we look at the market today and some of the trends in the business, is there any change in your view in terms of the glide path to normal?
Rob Pollock: There’s lots of macroeconomic factors, Ed, that are impacting things.  We are focused on what we can control which is the number of loans that we track, and we’re pleased that we’ve been able to add clients or deal with additional portfolios that have come to our clients.  So we feel quite good about that.  The macro factors, you know, there’s so many of them it’s very difficult to predict.
Ed Spehar: I guess specifically if you look at placement rates – you’ve been thinking those would come down for the last I think two years, right?
Rob Pollock: Correct.
Ed Spehar: And it hasn’t happened yet.  If we were to go back three months ago would you have thought that we would have seen it in the second half of the year?
Rob Pollock: Well, I think at Investor Day we said we thought they’d peak this year.  Client movements, there’s obviously variability in placement by client and so that can have a big impact on things.  How the government gets involved with things, we thought a year or two ago – [HOPE, HAMP] – many of the different programs that have been outlined could change that placement trajectory.  They didn’t.  So what we found, Ed, is it’s very difficult to speculate on these things and we really just want to be in a position to respond to our clients.
Ed Spehar: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hall with Wells Fargo.
John Hall: Good morning, everybody.  Just real quickly on the Specialty Property business, again [Willis] sort of had a little bit of a discussion about something they called the Loan Protector Program in which they’re brokering on force placed business.  I was wondering if there’s any connection there between sort of the trends they’re seeing and whether we can draw any sort of lines to your book of business.
Rob Pollock: We’ve never really seen [Willis] as a competitor, John. Remember, we’re dealing with mortgage servicers who have a large national presence so we get a mix of risk.  I’m conjecturing here because I don’t know what it is but I think this is likely somehow agent-related business and just as operating perhaps in a little bit different space than ours.
John Hall: You mentioned in the press release that there’s been an increase in seeding I guess associated with the Specialty Property business.  It seems a curious trend to observe when banks and the like are under such a bright focus on their dealings around this business.  Can you just elaborate a little bit?
Rob Pollock: Again, this is what our experience was during the quarter.  Is there a chance that we’ll see that move?  We could but we’re just reporting out on where the seeded premiums were during Q3 itself, John.
Mike Peninger: Yeah, I think each bank makes its own decision about how it structures its program, and we work with them on however they see fit.
John Hall: Okay.  And Rob, at the outset of the call you saw fit to sort of put the spotlight on the rental business that you’re doing.  Could you just sort of frame out maybe what your aspirations are in that line of business or maybe just give us a sense of the size of the market that you’re attacking and perhaps how it’s distributed?
Rob Pollock: So first I think that we did the acquisition in the space so it was a natural to talk about, John.  But second I think it also is a great highlight on our strategy.  This was all about when we looked a number of years back at renter’s insurance we noticed that most people don’t have it.  And we kind of conjectured why that was and thought of there is inefficiency in the distribution process.  So our whole thought was, was there a different way to come at that market and serve an unmet need of the customer?  So when we looked at all of it, from really no business here we’ve grown this thing to $100 million and we think the market still has quite a room for growth. The first thing when we got into the whole marketplace were property managers – we came up with a value proposition that resonated but they were quite concerned about occupancy rate in their dwellings.  As we’ve had adoption I think they’ve felt that this product doesn’t impact that and they like the product, so we think there’s expansion within the property managers themselves; w think there’s a general trend of home ownership to rental.  I think all these things could work to grow the business.  Now, we also need to put in context.  We know that the homeowner’s business will stabilize as we’ve talked about, and the premium on that product is considerably higher than it is in the renter’s product.  Nevertheless that renter’s business is a nice niche business.  It’s profitable and we think we can continue with double-digit growth for the next few years.
John Hall: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.  In the Solutions business, how important was the contribution from auto to the written premium growth in the quarter?  And then any sense you can give us of what that number would have been aside from the Lowe’s business?  I know it’s an important contributor but any way to give us a more specific sense of what it would be x that business?
Mike Peninger: Yeah, I don’t have the number off the top of my head on the auto, Mark, but I think we’ve seen nice growth on that; and some of that is because the market has recovered over the last few years to a certain extent.  In the depths of the recession there was very little new auto sales and that’s recovered, but I don’t think we’ve broken that out specifically.
Mark Hughes: And then aside from Lowe’s, any sense of the magnitude there?
Mike Peninger: Again, we tend not to give client-specific numbers, Mark, so I don’t think we’ve talked about Lowe’s specifically.  But Lowe’s is certainly growing very nicely and definitely contributed to that growth and gross written premiums as Rob said earlier.  Remember that it doesn’t flow into the net earned because of the reinsured nature of the client.
Mark Hughes: Was Lowe’s most of the upside or a minority of the growth?
Mike Peninger: It’s more than half of the growth in the gross written during the quarter.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.  And our final question comes from Jeffrey Schuman with KBW.
Jeffrey Schuman: Hey, thanks again.  I was just wondering could you give us a little color around your flood insurance – how big that book is and how it has impacted results this year please.
Rob Pollock: Sure.  So I think that you can think about it in a couple of different components.  One: we are one of the writers of the NFIP Program.  This is a fee-based business where we take no risk.  And we are paid a small fee when claims happen – not very sizable compared to where it was but still it’s a nice little business.  I think of more importance is what is our flood exposure related to our homeowners business or manufactured housing business.  We can put this in a couple of different buckets.  First, the NFIP Program applies to flood zones that are outlined by the government and if a person drops their NFIP Program our lenders or our servicers require that we provide flood coverage, and we do and we got obviously flood claims during these last storms just like we got traditional wind claims. In addition, the flood program has a maximum of I believe a $250,000 coverage limit.  If someone has a home worth more than that, many of our lenders require that we provide gap coverage on flood.  Now, you can think about again, that can break into two components – ones that allowed their NFIP coverage to expire, we’re going to cover all that; others that have an NFIP program and we provide notice that their servicer wants more coverage.  Many of those people go and get their coverage on their own; for those that don’t we provide a gap coverage. Finally, on our manufactured housing, particularly the business that originated at purchase there is a flood coverage provided there as well.  Does that help?
Jeffrey Schuman: Yeah, that’s a good outline of the program.  I guess I’m wondering about size and financial impact.
Rob Pollock: Well certainly, you’re talking about size of the program overall?  I don’t know if we’ve disclosed that but it’s grown some.  As you can imagine, just as placement rate has gone up probably people have dropped their NFIP policies I would gather there’s a high correlation there although that’s more of a conjecture on my part, Jeff, than being able to outline it.
Mike Peninger: I think the other, I don’t know, Jeff, if you’re planning that.  In the case of Irene recently that storm had a lot of coastal flooding and we did take a fair amount of losses, flood losses from Irene.
Jeffrey Schuman: Okay.  I think we all are at a loss of trying to anticipate that and I just don’t think we have much to work off, but maybe that’s the way we are at this point.  Okay, thank you.
Operator: And thank you.  And this concludes Assurant’s Q3 2011 call.  Please note that a replay will be available as of 11:00 AM.  You may now disconnect.  Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Rob Pollock – President and CEO Mike Peninger – Chief Financial Officer Chris Pagano – Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Ed Spehar – Bank of America Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs Mark Hughes – SunTrust
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Assurant Second Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. All participants will be in a listen-only mode during the presentation. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett: Okay. Thanks, [David]. Welcome to Assurant’s second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant; and Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer. Prepared remarks will last about 20 minutes and then we will open the call to questions. Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer, is also here for questions. Yesterday we issued a news release announcing our second quarter 2011 financial results. The news release, as well as corresponding supplemental financial information is available on our website at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during today’s calls may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements can be found in our 2010 Form 10-K which can be accessed from our website. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additionally, this presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company’s performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday’s earnings release and the supplementary financial information that’s posted on our website at assurant.com. Now, I’m glad to turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. Midway through the year, we are delivering on the commitments we outlined at our 2011 Investor Day. These commitments include profitable growth, reducing expenses and improving ROEs. Here’s some examples from the quarter. Profit improvement continues at Assurant Solutions as we grow our wireless service contract and preneed businesses. At Specialty Property we are increasing loans tracked in our lender-placed business and expanding our offerings to rental property managers. Our new strategy at Assurant Health is gaining traction as we sell new affordable products to provide consumers access to the healthcare system. We are also demonstrating strong expense management and at Assurant Employee Benefits, sales of voluntary products are gaining momentum, as we help employers provide more benefits for their employees. Now, I will highlight our progress at each business. I’ll begin with Assurant Solutions, results continue to improve. The global economy continues to be a headwind for Assurant Solutions but we are winning new clients. This demonstrates our products and services are meeting customer needs. We are setting the stage for longer term profitable growth, combined ratios are improving, preneed place sales remain at healthy levels and our sales pipeline is strong for service contracts including wireless. New sales help offset the continued run off of Circuit City and the decline in the domestic credit insurance business. Overall, solutions 2011 earned premiums will be similar to 2010. We expect earned premiums to grow in 2012. We are well-positioned to deliver on our commitment of a double-digit ROE in 2012 with continued improvements expected in the out years. Moving to Assurant Specialty Property, quarterly results reflect the impact of unprecedented weather-related events. We are helping our customers affected by the severe storms and will continue to do so as they rebuild and repair their properties. Our business model leverages a sophisticated tracking system that ensures structures are covered for damage. Our strategic focus on aligning with market leaders in mortgage servicing is again paying dividends. During the quarter, one of our clients at quarter acquired a portfolio of 200,000 loans. We will begin tracking these loans later in 2011, with premium production beginning in 2012. Adjacency growth opportunities look promising. We are building our niche renters business, focused on distribution through property managers. In June, we acquired SureDeposit, the market leader in rental security deposit alternatives. The SureDeposit product is offered by property managers serving 1.5 million apartments in 4,500 communities. This product is beneficial to both renters and property managers. Early feedback from SureDeposit clients reinforces that there are opportunities to grow revenue with our full product suite. We are pleased that SureDeposit’s management team and employees are now part of the Assurant family. For the remainder of 2011, we expect properties premiums will be consistent with year-to-date results. Earnings will be dependent upon catastrophes, particularly hurricanes. Next, I’ll turn to Assurant Health. Second quarter results reflect continued progress in implementing our strategy, both consumers and distribution partners are recognizing the value and affordability of our health access and supplemental products. We also improved efficiency in our operations as evidenced by a reduction in quarterly expenses of almost $24 million from a year ago. This is a tremendous accomplishment. It demonstrates our ability to adapt to changing markets. For the balance of 2011, we must continue to generate sales and drive further expense efficiencies a better customer experience and a simplified business model will help us achieve these goals. We are achieving early success with our redeemed strategy. As a result, we are raising our 2011 net operating income outlook from breakeven to between $15 and $20 million after tax. Assurant Employee Benefits continues to be challenged by a lack of job creation. This hurts revenue and creates a difficult environment for returning claimants to work. While we are disappointed with overall profit results, we are encouraged by the improvements we are achieving in our dental business. During the quarter, overall sales increased, led by the growth in our voluntary products. Local and regional brokers are increasingly interested in voluntary products in the aftermath of healthcare reform. We are providing them with marketing and training support to help them generate sales as part of our key broker program, remember the voluntary products are a targeted growth area for benefits. For the remainder of 2011, we expect modest sequential improvement, primarily driven by our dental business at Assurant Employee Benefits. I’ll now turn to corporate matters. During the quarter, we took approximately $160 million in dividends from our operating companies. We continue to exercise discipline in managing our capital. We repurchased 3 million shares of our stock, increased our quarterly dividend by 13% and acquired SureDeposit. Capital at the end of the quarter was $650 million, including the $250 million buffer for tail event risks. For the full year, we expect operating company dividends will roughly equal our earnings. We believe further buybacks are appropriate, given our share price and we expect to continue share repurchases throughout the year. Now, Mike will walk you through the operating results for each business. Mike?
Mike Peninger: Thanks, Rob. Let’s start with Assurant Solutions, where second quarter 2011 net operating income was just under $40 million, a 31% increase versus the second quarter of 2010. Improved underwriting results in Canada, Europe and domestic service contracts drove the year-over-year increase. Domestic net earned premiums increased in the wireless, retail and automotive channels. These increases were offset by declines from the continued run off of Circuit City and our domestic credit business. The domestic combined ratio was 96.6% for the quarter due to improved seasonal loss experienced in our wireless business and lower general expenses versus last year. We expect this ratio to move slightly higher in the second half of the year but it should be less than its 98% long-term target for the full year. Internationally, net earned premiums increased 16% versus the second quarter of 2010, driven by growth in Latin America from both new and existing clients. Premiums and fees were up slightly in Europe as we focus on wireless opportunities. The international combined ratio decreased 320 basis points from the second quarter of 2010. The improvement was driven by better loss experience in Canada and profitable growth in Latin America. Improved results in Europe due to the pricing actions taken in the U.K. and growth in the rest of the region positively affected the combined ratio as well. The international results improved despite the increase in new wireless client implementations which temporarily pressure the combined ratio. For 2011, we remain on track for a 200 to 600 basis point improvement in the international combined ratio versus the fourth quarter of 2010. Preneed’s net operating income increased 11% versus the second quarter of 2010. Our partnership with SCI continues to generate strong sales for the business, these sales in excess of $200 million during the quarter led to higher invested assets and a corresponding increase in investment income. Turning now to Assurant Specialty Property, net operating income was approximately $43 million. This includes nearly $43 million of after tax reportable catastrophe losses versus approximately $5 million of such losses in the same period last year. As a reminder, we define a reportable catastrophe loss as an ISO event that results in a loss of $5 million or more. The addition of new lender placed clients and loan portfolios during 2010 and an increase in the overall placement rate continued to sustain gross earned premiums in our lender placed business. Second quarter net earned premiums declined slightly due to additional premiums seeded to clients and increased catastrophe reinsurance premiums. Excluding the reportable catastrophe losses, the combined ratio increased for the quarter due primarily to an increase in the frequency of weather-related losses. During the second quarter, we announced the completion of our catastrophe reinsurance program, although the rates were comparable to last year, we bought additional coverage since our exposure has grown so our reinsurance premiums will be approximately $25 million higher this year, complete details are available on our website. Turning next to Assurant Health, please remember that current results are not directly comparable to prior year results due to changes in our business model and the premium rebate accruals required under healthcare reform. Second quarter 2011 net operating income was $5.2 million. The sequentially lower effective tax rate in the second quarter was driven by the improved profit outlook for the year. Higher expected pre-tax profits mean that the new limits on certain tax deductions will have a smaller impact on our effective tax rate. Earned premiums for the quarter were $425 million, net of a premium rebate accrual of $17 million. We now estimate that the full year premium rebate liability will be in the $70 to $80 million range. Delivering on our commitment to reduce expenses was an important driver of results. During the quarter, we cut expenses by 17% or $24 million from a year ago. We’ve made significant progress in putting Assurant Health on a path to profitability in this challenging environment. Future profitability will be impacted by the pace of our evolving product mix as we modify our business model to serve the needs of consumers. At Assurant Employee Benefits, net operating income was $8.5 million. The year-over-year decrease was due primarily to less favorable disability and life experience including the previously discussed impact of lowering the reserve discount rate. Improved dental results partially offset the decline. Disability incidence rates remain in line with expectations. However, disability experience in the second quarter continued to reflect lower claimant recovery rates. Second quarter net earned premiums were down compared to the second quarter of 2010 and we expect full year 2011 premiums to be down as well. The decrease reflects pricing actions on a block of previously assumed disability business and lower prior year sales. Growth in voluntary and supplemental products improved persistency in our primary book and signs of organic growth are partially offsetting the overall premium decline. Turning now to corporate matters, as part of our ongoing investment portfolio management activities, the company executed a number of transactions during the quarter that modestly shorten the duration of our portfolio. The tax treatment of some of these transactions allowed us to release a tax valuation allowance associated with deferred tax assets. This increased our net income and book value per share and will add to corporate capital as we file future tax returns. We were very pleased to announce the SureDeposit acquisition during the second quarter for $45 million. We expect the internal rate of return on this investment to be well in excess of our cost of capital and we have the potential for even higher returns as we market our expanded product offering to our customers and those of SureDeposit. Annualized net earned premiums for the acquired business are approximately $35 million. In 2011, we expect to earn about $10 million of premiums and fee income since it will take several months to transfer existing business and begin writing new business in our insurance paper. Approximately $26 million of the purchase price was recorded as intangible assets and the remaining $19 million was allocated to goodwill. The intangible assets will be amortized through our income statement over approximately nine years. We expect the transaction to be accretive to our earnings this year. As Rob mentioned, during the second quarter we repurchased 3 million shares for $110 million, bringing the total of the first half of 2011 to 7.4 million shares at a cost of $284 million. In the third quarter through July 22nd, we repurchased an additional 512,000 shares for approximately $18 million. We continue to view our share price is undervalued and expect to continue to repurchase shares during the remainder of the year. And, with that, I’ll ask the operator to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question will come from Ed Spehar with Bank of America.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Ed.
Mike Peninger: Hi, Ed.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America: Good morning. Thank you. Mike, you were going a little bit quick there. I was just wondering if you could sort of go back at Solutions and could you cover again a little bit of some of the drivers in domestic and what you had said? And then I wanted to ask a question on the dividends that have been taken so far in the year-to-date, from the subsidiaries and how you are thinking about sort of the capital structure debt issuance or anything else in terms of if you happen to find other acquisition opportunities? Thanks.
Mike Peninger: Okay. I’ll talk about Solutions and then turn it over to Chris, but what I mentioned, Ed, was that earned premiums are increasing in wireless and retail and domestic. We continue to get nice growth in Latin America and then in terms of the overall premiums you’ve got the offsetting decline that we’ve talked about in the past from Circuit City and domestic credit business. 
Chris Pagano: And that the improvement, Ed, if you recall, we have been working hard on our risk management efforts in Solutions and so business that they wrote in ‘09 and ‘10 was better than earlier years and is now earning off the balance sheet. Okay? So we feel good about that but as Mike pointed out, our target on that is 98.
Mike Peninger: Right. And that’s what we believe is kind of our price for levels there. And if we turn -- Chris, do you want to comment a little bit on operating company dividends?
Chris Pagano: Sure. Let me -- maybe start and give you a couple of reconciliations and then I’ll talk a little bit more about the outlook and some of the other elements of capital management. But, we started the first -- we ended the first quarter, excuse me, with $585 million of holding company capital in aggregate. We took $160 million of dividends. We spent or returned about $127 million to shareholders, $17 million in the form of shareholder dividends and then $110 million of repurchases. That leaves you at about 620. Then corporate had some cash in-flows which is really just a reflection of timing differences of about $30 million. Keep in mind, in the first quarter that cash outflows were about 60. So you are looking at, again, the difference between cash and accruals. That leaves you with the 650 at the end of the second quarter. What’s not in there, okay, is the $45 million purchase price of SureDeposit. What we did there was rather than take a dividend from Specialty Property from earnings and then send the money back down to buy SureDeposit, Specialty Property just wrote the check out of their first half earnings. Now, if you think about -- let’s talk about first half results and then on a go-forward basis, got about $250 million of net operating income in aggregate for the first half, $160 million of dividends. That leaves 90 of earnings that are still at the segments available for dividends. We spent -- Specialty Property spent $45 million of that. So we got to think about it as the first half earnings that were available for dividends in the second half, about $45 million. Now, in terms of kind of the outlook and Rob and Mike both mentioned that we are expecting to be in the market, repurchasing shares for the balance of the year, which includes through cat season. We feel very good about the capital position, $400 million of deployable capital, some additional earnings available from the first half, as I mentioned. On the M&A front, there’s nothing imminent and given our process and our rigor around M&A, it’s more likely that the deals that will meet our criteria are going to be smaller deals, similar in size to SureDeposit which are not going to affect our ability to buy back shares. So, again -- and on top of that, we’ve got shares that are very undervalued. We’ve got 11 -- we’re trading at $11 below book value. So share repurchase is an appropriate use of deployable capital. We expect to be doing that throughout the rest of 2011.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America: I have to follow up because I want you to keep saying all this stuff. But when you talk about the willingness to buy back stock through cat season which is a pretty significant change, I think, for you guys, I mean, is it same kind of, you know, thinking about buybacks in the third quarter the same way you think about buybacks in any other quarter or is there still a little bit different view?
Mike Peninger: Yeah. Well, I think we look every quarter at what’s going to happen in the quarter, you know, looking forward, Ed and evaluate what our capital position is relative to what we see going on. Now, Chris and his team did a tremendous amount of work on the Risk Management side to help us better qualify tail event risk, okay. That was a big part of our Risk Management process over the last of couple years, which has given us a better line of sight on our capital position and understanding of where we sit as we move into things. Other thing I’d point out is our method of buying stock is a 10b5-1 plan and we have flexibility around how we set up and structure that program. Okay?
Ed Spehar – Bank of America: And just one last one, what is the -- what do you consider to be the debt capacity today?
Chris Pagano: Again, it’s similar number that we said in the past, $3 million to $350 million of opportunistic debt capacity. We were at just under 18% debt-to-total cap, so it gives us a lot of room there. The other thing on the financial flexibility side and one thing that we’re looking at carefully right now is the possibility of extending the maturity of our credit facility. The current facility is due to expire at the end of 2012. We believe we can put another facility in place that goes out to 2015, will just give us a little bit more flexibility on that front as well. The other thing I would point out…
Ed Spehar – Bank of America: Mike…
Chris Pagano: Sorry, Ed.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America: No, no. I was just -- go ahead.
Chris Pagano: Okay. The question around capital and on a go-forward basis, Rob’s point about us re-assessing it every quarter, which we continue to do and I think the way we looked at this quarter is that with $400 million of deployable capital and a share price trading where it is, this is a good time to deploy capital and return it to shareholders via share repurchase.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America: Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Thanks so much. One follow-up just on the capital, I mean, is the cat reinsurance program where you guys bought more coverage maybe giving you guys a little more comfort to purchase shares, maybe earlier than you would have originally expected?
Mike Peninger: Well, I think certainly the ability of our decision to buy the program -- the cat program in two steps allowed us to take advantage of the cat market earlier in the year, which gave us I think more cover or perhaps a better program than we might had we bought it all at once in June. I think the issue around cat and what’s going to happen with the reinsurance market on a go-forward basis is really going to be a 2012 event, but the issue around being able to buy back through cat season -- I think is really about having $400 million of capital above and beyond the buffer which is what we set aside to protect us against tail risks such as cat. So again, it’s the strong capital position, a good feel for the ability to get earnings out as dividends from the operating segments and a share price that’s -- as I said very undervalued.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then in the health segment, Rob, you had mentioned sort of $24 million of expense saves to date. Can you talk about, sort of, how much room you have left there? And then also, I know in 1Q you guys expressed some optimism around seeing a sequential improvement in sales and that sort of receded here in 2Q, so can you comment if that’s sort of seasonal or is there something else going on there?
Rob Pollock: Sure. Couple of things and then I’ll let Mike make some comments as well. But first, Chris, the $24 million is a quarter-over-quarter compared to the 2010 number, all right? And as we outlined last year, we took some expense actions last year to reflect the new environment. We’ve made changes to our commission structures. We are pleased with the progress but we know that more will be required going forward as the models change, because we are just operating off a different model. The old model was get to the lowest combined ratio you can, the new model is we are operate -- you want to manage that loss ratio to the required level and then you are operating off the difference and that’s where our profits have to come from. So we are pleased with the progress we are making. It demonstrates we can adapt as the market changes and we feel quite good about the progress we are making. Related to the sales side of things, you know, there is a bit of seasonality. I’d also say, though, we are working through adoption by the brokers to the change in the landscape. We are pleased. We’re holding seminars on that to get them up-to-speed on that. We’re doing integration with our enrollment system. Actually, we’ve had some very good progress with our supplemental products and attachment rates there. So we feel good about that. Mike?
Mike Peninger: I was just basically going to say the same thing that when you look at our sales, we’ve got sort of the traditional core products and then we’ve got the affordable products that we’re selling that we think are meeting. So we think we cover the gamut of, sort of, consumer needs out there and we’re seeing solid results, as Rob said, in the adoption of our affordable plans that we feel quite good about, actually.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you and then just one last one. In Specialty Property, have your sort of steady state scenario that you provided at Investor Day, has the time line or any of that changed given, you know, maybe some of the more lackluster, you know, macro and housing data that’s come out recently?
Mike Peninger: I’ll start and say I think Gene provided a really good outline in the Investor Day at our view on what could happen. Obviously, we had a little pickup in placement rates again during the quarter. I think our belief is still that those will peak sometime this year, but, you know, we acquired clients in 2010. That’s helped lift our -- we are quite focused on that gross earned premium number and those have grown some. We mentioned that we will have another client coming on-board late in the year that will produce next year. That, again, will emulate that track level that Gene’s outlined. The big one is obviously is going to be the economy and government policy relating to supporting housing and we don’t have a clear line of sight on that, Chris.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we’ll hear from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you. The 200,000 loans that are coming over, are you getting all of the existing premium on that? Are you going to start to billed once they get transferred?
Rob Pollock: We believe that one’s going to be a flat cancel, Mark.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Okay. So you would get all the premium in that case?
Rob Pollock: Yeah. What that means is that beginning in the first quarter, we will get the premium on the policies that exist today and then new placements will be ours as well.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Nice. The gross written premium in Solutions is quite strong. You talked about the wireless retail, automotive. Were there new relationships there that helped give you a nice boost? How sustainable is that momentum as we look at the next few quarters?
Rob Pollock: Yeah. We feel that Solutions is developing some good momentum and that some of the growth is coming from our Lowe’s relationship, Mark, and that one, remember, is top line but heavily reinsured, so not all of that drops through to the bottom. And we kind of provided that outlook for this year. The earned premiums will be leveled despite the credit and Circuit City declines, but we should see net earned premium growth next year. I think if you can look on the balance sheet a little bit at the unearned premium within Solutions and that’s growing, again, as Mike pointed out, the Lowe’s account is heavily reinsured right now. But we are working hard to figure out how we can add additional value to that account. But Solutions is definitely finding some opportunities out there we feel, like that momentum is starting, so that’s good.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Right. And then any regulatory updates on the Specialty Property side, anything you see that has changed?
Rob Pollock: No. Again, we think we have a very compliant program. We think that we are operating within all the rules. We are really not a party to any of the discussions that are going on with the state AGs and the servicers, but obviously, we look forward to resolution of the issue because we think that it’s certainly something that is weighing on us.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question will come from Ed Spehar with Bank of America.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America: My question was answered. Thanks.
Rob Pollock: Sure.
Operator: And this concludes Assurant’s second quarter 2011 call. Please note that a replay will be available as of 11 a.m. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett - SVP, IR Rob Pollock - President and CEO Mike Peninger - CFO Chris Pagano - CIO and Treasurer
Analysts: Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch John Nadel - Sterne Agee Mark Hughes - SunTrust Jeffrey Schuman - KBW
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant first quarter 2011 financial results conference call. [Operator instructions.] It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, senior vice president, investor relations. Please go ahead.
Melissa Kivett - SVP, IR: Thanks operator. Welcome to Assurant's first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, president and chief executive officer of Assurant, and Mike Peninger, our chief financial officer. Prepared remarks will last about 20 minutes and then we'll open up the call to questions. Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer, is also here for questions. Yesterday, we issued a news release announcing our first quarter 2011financial results. The news release, as well as corresponding supplemental financial information, is available on our website at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during today's call may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements can be found in our 2010 Form 10-K, which can be accessed from our website.  The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. Additionally, the presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's earnings release and the supplementary financial information that’s posted on our website at assurant.com. Now I’ll turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning everyone. Our first quarter results are consistent with our commitments made during our investor day last month. Though overall growth remains a challenge, we were encouraged by sales results in several of our targeted areas. We continue to provide products and services that offer value to our customers. For the quarter, our annualized operating return on equity was 12.5% and our diluted book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income increased 3% since year end. Turning toward the businesses, I’ll begin with Assurant Solutions, which is off to a good start this year with profits up by $9 million versus the first quarter of last year. We are starting to see the payback from Solutions’ risk management improvements implemented during the past few years. The addition of new clients sets the stage for longer-term revenue growth at Solutions. However, 2011 revenues will be similar to 2010 levels because of the runoff of Circuit City business and the continued decline in the U.S. credit insurance business. Pre-need had another good quarter in both sales and profitability as our partnership with SCI continues to help grow this business.  Assurant Solutions products and services revolve around asset protection, peace of mind, and ease of doing business – a winning value proposition. Looking ahead, we believe Solutions is on track to produce a sustainable double-digit return on equity in 2012.  Let’s turn next to Assurant Specialty Property, which had another strong quarter. We continue to see market contraction in the number of mortgage loans outstanding. Our results were essentially flat compared to last year after adjusting both periods for disclosed items.  New clients added in 2010 helped to sustain the number of loans we track, which helped maintain gross and premiums. Process improvements are controlling expenses even as the business adds new clients and tracks more loans. Adjacent products including renter’s insurance contributed nicely to overall results. This is an area we are targeting for growth and we are encouraged by the results. Net earned premiums in our other product categories were up 5% from the prior year. We realize there are many changes being contemplated for the lending and mortgage servicing industries. Assurant Specialty Property complies with the regulations applicable to our business and will continue to do so. We believe lender-placed insurance, which provides required coverage without any underwriting of individual properties, remains an important backstop for homeowners and lenders. Assurant Specialty Property is well-positioned to serve this market by providing great customer service supported by a sophisticated tracking platform. During 2011, we expect continued good performance at Specialty Property. Weather activity will be the major variable impacting earnings. The recent April storm activity has created hardships for individuals we insure. I am proud to say our employees have responded quickly and we are making claim payments to policyholders in their time of need. Longer-term, we anticipate placement rates for our lender-placed products will return to lower levels and we are managing our business accordingly. We believe this transition will take several years. Next I’ll turn to Assurant Health. First quarter sales results and expense reductions demonstrate early progress in adapting to the new healthcare landscape. Both are key to transforming this business. We recognize, however, we are in the early innings, and must remain vigilant to achieve success. This quarter we accrued a new obligation for premium rebates in our financial statements to comply with the minimum loss ratio requirements of healthcare reform. The sales of our new product portfolio increased sequentially.  Our products were designed through extensive consumer research. We now have a new suite of products which offer customers affordable choices. We are encouraged by the early positive sales trends, which indicate that customers and distribution partners are seeing value in the products we offer.  The [other] key to transformation is reducing expenses. We have made progress in the quarter on both a sequential and year-over-year comparison basis. While our goals are simple, the task remains challenging. We must continue to generate new sales and drive expense efficiencies throughout 2011 and beyond. A better customer experience and a simplified business model will help us achieve these goals. We continue to expect breakeven results for full-year 2011. Over the long-term, we remain confident in our commitment to achieving a 4% after-tax margin. For Assurant employee benefits, results for the quarter were disappointing. As we mentioned at investor day, in the first quarter disability claim recovery rates slowed, and we lowered the reserve discount rate for new claims.  In addition, we also expensed higher group life mortality. Our dental results continue to improve, and our sales activity picked up during the first quarter. We experienced meaningful sales growth in our voluntary and supplemental products, which are important drivers of long-term growth. We expect the remaining quarter results in 2011 will have better earnings than the first quarter, despite a lower discount rate for LTD reserves and lower reinvestment yields. Now I will turn to our capital management activities. We ended the quarter with $585 million of capital, without taking dividends from our operating companies. For the full year, we still anticipate that dividends will be equal to operating earnings.  In the first quarter, we returned nearly $190 million to shareholders. We paid our quarterly dividend and we repurchased stock at a discount to book value. We continue to see buybacks as an appropriate use of our capital. We will remain disciplined in deploying our capital for long-term profitable growth. Now, Mike will walk you through the operating results for each business. Mike?
Mike Peninger - CFO: Thanks Rob. I’ll start with Assurant Solutions for first quarter 2011. Net operating income increased by 32% versus the first quarter of 2010. Underwriting improvement in the UK and good performance from our pre-need life insurance operations contributed to the increase in net operating income. Domestically, net earned premiums declined for the quarter due primarily to the continued runoff of Circuit City and domestic credit insurance. Presidents from these key sources were approximately $50 million lower compared to the first quarter of 2010 and in line with our expectations. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter earnings call, full-year Circuit City and credit premiums are expected to decline by about $170 million compared to 2010. Domestic service continued presence increased in the wireless, retail, and automotive channels during the quarter. Domestic combined ratio was 96.1% for the quarter. We expect it to move higher during the year as Circuit City winds down, but our long-term target remains at 98%. As we mentioned at investor day, we expect to achieve approximately $10 million of expense reduction this year that will help mitigate the impact of the runoff lines of business over time. Internationally, we saw an increase of approximately 5% in net earned premiums versus the first quarter of 2010 driven premium by clients in Latin America. Sales momentum continued as gross written premiums rose 3% due to both existing and new client sales growth.  The international combined ratio decreased 260 basis points from the first quarter of 2010, driven by better European loss experience. Sequentially, the international combined ratio grew by 70 basis points as increased expenditures were necessary to support the growth in Latin America. Remember that in the service contract business, there’s a lag effect. We generally incur expenses to establish new clients before we benefit from the resulting production. We remain on track for a 200- to 600-basis point improvement over the course of 2011 and the international combined ratio compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. As was the case last year, the pace of the improvement will vary by quarter. Our long-term target for this ratio remains at 95%. Pre-need life insurance net operating income increased by $3 million versus the first quarter of 2010, approximately $2 million of the increase was due to the relative change in the value of the CPI cap versus last year. We have a strong business model in pre-need, and are pleased with the 12% increase in sales during the first quarter. Turning now to Assurant Specialty Property, net operating income was approximately $103 million including just over $7 million of after-tax adverse claim reserve development from the previously reported Arizona hailstorms in the fourth quarter of 2010. We had no reportable catastrophes in the first quarter of last year. The addition of new clients and loan portfolios during 2010 and an increase in the overall placement rate to 2.35% continued to sustain revenue in our lender pleased business. First quarter net earned premiums, however, declined, primarily due to additional seeding activity to clients and increase catastrophe reinsurance premiums. The drop was partially offset by a 5% increase in other premiums, primarily driven by growth in our renters’ insurance product. Operational improvements, along with reduced commissions caused by increases in client-seeded premiums, lowered expense ratio for the quarter. On an adjusted basis, we were pleased with the year-over-year combined ratio comparison. The current period includes $11.4 million of catastrophe-related losses versus none in 2010, and 2010 premiums included a $13.6 million benefit from an unearned premium reserve review. Turning to catastrophe reinsurance, we have already placed about 75% of the 2011 program. We expect the pricing for the remaining 25% to be in line with last year. We’ll issue a comprehensive update in June comprehensive update in June detailing our complete 2011 reinsurance program. Several regions of the country have experienced very high storm activity in April. While still very early, our preliminary estimate is that reportable catastrophe losses from these events will be at least $15 million pre-tax, which will be reflected in our second quarter results. We’ll update this estimate as necessary as new information becomes available. I’ll now turn to Assurant Health. It’s important to note that prior results for Health are not directly comparable to current results due to changes associated with healthcare reform, most notably the required accruals for premium rebates.  First quarter net operating income was $7 million, results include a reimbursement of approximately $4.8 million after-tax from a pharmacy services provider related to 2009 and 2010 activity. The higher tax rate for the quarter resulted from changes in allowable deductions under healthcare reform. Net earned premiums for the quarter were $426.2 million net of a rebate liability of $22.4 million. We estimate that the full-year rebate liability will be in the $80-90 million range. We reduced expenses by 15%, or $21 million, from a year ago, and the business continues to drive expenses down further. At Assurant Employee Benefits, net operating income decreased to $6.5 million. The drop was primarily due to the less-favorable life and disability experience versus prior quarters, and the impact of lowering the reserve interest rate.  Improved dental results partially offset the decline. Disability experience reflected lower claimant recovery rates over most of our block. Incident rates remain relative stable overall, though we did see increases in a block of assumed reinsurance business. We will be closely watching future experience as it unfolds, and will take corrective action as needed. As we mentioned at our investor day, we lowered the reserve interest rate assumption to 4.75% for new long-term disability claims as of January 1, 2011. The interest rate for claim incurred prior to 2011 remains at 5.25%. The 50 basis point reduction had a $1.3 million after-tax on first quarter income and is expected to have a $5 million after-tax impact for the year. First quarter net earned premiums were down compared to first quarter 2010 and are expected to be down for all of 2011. Premium persistency is being adversely impacted by the pricing actions on the disability reinsurance business I mentioned earlier. Premiums were also adversely impacted by lower sales last year. Sequentially, net earned premium is down less than 1%. While earnings were disappointing at Employee Benefits, growth initiatives to expand the products suite and improve persistency are gaining traction. Sales for the quarter improve 12% including a 22% increase in voluntary sales.  Turning to the corporate segment, losses improved versus the prior year, primarily due to changes in tax liabilities. Corporate results vary from quarter to quarter, but we expect the full-year loss to be approximately $55 million after-tax.  In the first quarter, we repurchased 4.4 million shares for about $173 million, representing more than 4% of the shares outstanding at year end 2010. In the second quarter, through April 21, we repurchased an additional 1.1 million shares for approximately $42 million. The number of shares we brought back last quarter and last year clearly indicate our willingness to return capital to shareholders. In the current environment, we believe further buybacks are appropriate. However, the pace at which we will repurchase shares during the next two quarters could moderate due to the storm seasons and timing of dividends from the operating companies. In addition, rating agency views on capital requirements are always a factor we consider. And with that, I’ll turn the call back to Rob.
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: Thanks Mike. Our specialty businesses continue to demonstrate their ability to adapt to changing market conditions. Before we take questions, let me summarize our 2011 priorities. One, create new revenue streams. Second, find additional operating efficiencies and develop enhanced products and services valued by our customers. Third, leverage our risk management expertise in all we do. And fourth, continue to manage our capital in a disciplined manner.  We believe this will lead to long-term profitable growth and value for our shareholders. Now I would like to open the call for questions. Operator, first question please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from Mark Finkelstein with Macquarie.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: I’ve got couple things. One, I guess just the international Solutions combined ratios, as you alluded to, picked up 70 bps sequentially. I think you kind of qualified it as higher expenses in Latin America I guess. Two questions. One, can you just discuss how you think that the combined ratios are going to trend for the year? This has been an area where, with improvements in the UK, you expected it to trend down, and it has trended down. How should we think about that? And then just two, maybe just talk about what actually happened in the quarter. Was it kind of an up-front payment on Telefonica that’s more one-time in nature? Or was it just general putting money into the unit?
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: Sure. Couple things. So if we start with how it will come, we wish it came just linearly, but it didn’t. Saying all that, we continue to see improvement in our loss experience in Europe and it’s tracking as we’d planned, so we felt quite good about that, and we think it will continue to improve over the course of the year. We’re quite confident in that. That’s part of what’s going to lead to the improvement. Second is we’ve looked to the expenses we’re talking about. Actually, we have landed a number of new clients in Latin America over the last several years and I think as Mike pointed out, service contract revenue and particularly you’ve got to put people on, you’ve got to help make sure that the contracts are sold in the stores, and you get written premium before you get earned premium. And that’s what’s going on there. It’s all in the course of how we do things, so that’s kind of what contributed to things.
Mike Peninger - CFO: No, I think that’s right. It’s difficult to have a smooth quarterly pattern in this business, so we still are focused on that 200-600 basis point drop over the course of the year.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Okay, and then I guess secondly, on specialty property, gross premium levels declined sequentially. Loans tracked was kind of flattish, but replacement rates were up, insured values up, I guess can you just discuss what drove the sequential change. Was it geography? What drove that decrease and how should we think about it?
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: So I just want to make sure, you talked about the gross written, or were you on the net earned mark?
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Gross earnings, sorry.
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: You know, on the gross earned you’ve got a couple of different things going on within the gross earned category. One, just relates to clients and how they’re brought on over time and how cancellations move. You know, when you bring a new client on. We have seen a shift away from REO properties, but I think that largely taking place last year. And we’ve had changes with some new clients coming on that have slightly different characteristics perhaps than some of the ones that were with us before. But you know, all in all, the placement rate up. I think the average insured value up just a little bit there. And getting production from several of the new clients that we wrote last year is also starting to roll through our earned revenue too.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our next question comes from Ed Spehar with BofA Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess a question on share buyback, understanding that the pace could slow during storm season. Should we view as the sort of high levels of repurchases this quarter as sort of an indication of how you’re going to think about buying stock as long as it’s below book value? Or should we think about it more in terms of just the amount of excess capital and free cash flow that you’re generating next couple of years? How much of it is opportunistic and how much of it is just because you have a lot of money that you could potentially spend?
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: On the capital management side, first, I’ll let Chris go through some of the detail, but obviously we see the shares attractively priced. We’ve continued to be in the market as we can be. The big thing is having the free cash flow coming out of the businesses and the businesses have generated that free cash for extended periods of time. Chris, are there things you want to just add?
Chris Pagano - CIO and Treasurer: A couple things. Keep in mind dividends are a function of earnings. Earnings are a function of storm season, and again, storm season defined as cat wind and some of the things that we’ve seen already in the first and now into the second quarter. The share price is attractive, and I think your comment around the level of repurchase activity through April 21 is an indication of what we think about the share price and our willingness to return capital if we don’t see any other opportunities on the growth side. So a combination of things, and the other thing to keep in mind in terms of the activity through April 21, compare it to last year for example, last year we had identified early in the year some capital initiatives that we were going to deploy to get more capital out of the business beyond earnings, so we took dividends in excess of operating earnings of about $200 million last year. You don’t see that sort of number thank you. We will always try to be as capital efficient as we can at the operating segment level. But really, earnings and dividends are going to be much more closely related thy, which is why we’re going to continue to be disciplined, as we have been every year, about timing the repurchase activity loosely with the dividend plan for the individual segments.
Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Chris, just to follow up, I think last year in the third quarter, you know obviously you did slow down the buyback, but you did have something $45 million I think of buyback. Is the pattern that we saw last year what we should potentially think about for this year? Not the amount, but just the pattern.
Chris Pagano - CIO and Treasurer: Sure, I think again, first quarter was we were more aggressive than we were first quarter last year. Again, we’re going to calibrate what we’re going to do in the second and third quarters, but the slowdown in the repurchase activity into storm season on a relative basis I think is, if you want to put pattern in, I think is appropriate. And then at the end of the year, whether the wind blows or not, and what the earnings pattern is going to look like will affect what we take in the fourth quarter, and give us a greater deal of comfort around repurchase. Keep in mind, unlike last year, we’ve already had some significant storms, and going into hurricane season, so we’ve got to keep that in mind as you start to calibrate. But again, that’s back to dividends will be a function of earnings, earnings will be a function of storm season.
Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: And I’m sorry, just one last one on this topic. Mike, you mentioned something about rating agency capital models, or consideration of rating agencies. Is that just a standard comment, or is there something that we should read into anything going on with the changing rating agency views?
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: No, don’t read anything into it other than we talk to the rating agencies obviously every year. I think we’re in kind of the process of those discussions now, and we just want to point out that that’s always a factor, because we need to keep the companies capitalized to AM Best requirements.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Couple quick ones on health and then one on corporate. In the health division, I’m looking at the membership levels. They were up really nicely quarter-over-quarter. They were up in individual but really much more so in small group. Can you give us a sense for what’s driving that? Was that some pent-up demand, or agents figuring out the new products? Can you just give a little bit more color there? That seemed promising.
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: We’re including all of our supplemental products, the count on those members. So remember the premiums on these products are smaller.
Mike Peninger - CFO: Actually we’ve included these supplemental products now John and we hadn’t in the past, so there’s a footnote in the supplement that talks about the difference, so you’re seeing a bit of an apples and oranges there.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Ah, got it. Missed the footnote. Okay. Then also on health, if I adjust for the pharmacy reimbursement, it looks like the medical loss ratio, or the loss ratio was about 74.5% in the quarter. I know you mentioned a couple weeks back at your investor day that maybe a mid-70s on a GAAP basis would roughly equate to that 80% requirement. Is that consistent with where you are this quarter?
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: I think that’s how you should think about it. I haven’t done the calculation, so I don’t know exactly, but I think Adam said a little bit north of – I guess mid-76, 77. The other side of that, obviously, is that we’ve got to be able to operate all the expense within what’s left. Correct? We’re working on that side of things. We’re working to get closer to pricing better, as I think Adam outlined at investor day. We want to price as close as we can so there are no rebates, and then we need to get expenses down and I think we’re seeing progress on both sides of things.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: And when we think about the full-year rebate Rob, of I think the comment was $80-90 million. That’s really more of a function of over-earning, I guess you could call it, on the loss ratio last year? Or how do we think about that?
Mike Peninger - CFO: The rebates, John, are a function of this year’s loss experience, starting with 2011. I think it’s also really important that these rebate calculations are very complicated. We do literally a couple hundred of these, I think, if you think about all the states we operate in. And then you’ve got individual and group, you’ve got credibility adjustments. There’s just numerous estimates that we’re making here. And then we’re also projecting out estimated loss experience and trying to think about pricing actions we’re going to make. So over the course of the year that estimate will get better. Right now it’s based on a whole lot of assumptions.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: And is the tax rate going to continue to look like this as well?
Mike Peninger - CFO: The tax rate is being driven by – there’s certain compensated-related expenses that are no longer allowed to be deductible under healthcare reform. So essentially if you think about having a deduction that deduction gets smaller and it makes a big difference in the calculation of the tax rate when Health’s earnings are small like they are now. If Health were earnings a lot more the effect of that disallowed deduction would be a lot less noticeable.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Understood. Then final, real quick one on -
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: Just one other comment on that that I’d just bring up John. If you think about how we’ve adapted this business. Old model was we wanted the lowest combined ratio, right? Now, what we have to do is operate within the constraints of things here, and remember the reform kind of came around and got published mid-year last year, but we already had a bunch of policies on the books under the old rules, so that in essence is what’s leading to a lot of the rebates, right? Now when those policies come up for renewal, we’re going to refine the pricing on things to be closer to that part of the loss ratio.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. And most of these products are 12-month products? Or is that not right?
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: That’s correct.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Then last one just real quick. On corporate, I think Mike you mentioned $55 million loss expected for the full year. I just want to make sure that I’m clear. Is that corporate including interest expense and the amortization of the deferred gain?
Mike Peninger - CFO: Interest is in there, yeah.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: So that’s an all-in number? Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: On the benefit side, could you talk about the pricing and competition for new group business? How was it this quarter compared to the fourth quarter late 2010?
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: I don’t think we’ve seen a big change in the competitive landscape for pricing so much. I do think we see some of the impacts of just healthcare reform working through, so we know that healthcare purchase decisions drive other decisions and I think as there’s been more clarity on what’s going on with healthcare itself, it’s gotten people to think about shopping or considering their coverages. Last thing I’d just add in the small employer market is I just think we’re seeing a few positive signs that there may be some employment growth, etc., which is just causing them to feel a little bit better about things.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: So more RFP activity and more opportunities on the benefit side?
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: Yeah, I think that’s probably the best way to look at it, because you know we certainly have, when for instance we’ve been taking action to improve our dental results. We’d already adjusted LTD pricing to reflect lower new money rated environment and so we think we’re in a good position on that then maybe there’s others who are making adjustments to reflect that. But that’s just a speculation.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Right. And on the voluntary business, how much of the success there is attributable to things that you’re doing internally? How much might be more pulled from distribution trying to compensate for maybe compressed commissions on the healthcare side?
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: Yeah, we are seeing a lot more interest in the voluntary products from brokers that traditionally haven’t been there. There used to be in the business you had sort of our regular brokers that we worked with that concentrated on the traditional true group products and those brokers are increasingly focused now on voluntary products and they’re becoming an important source of distribution for us. And I think they see the same trends we do, that small employers can’t afford the traditional plans, and so voluntary is a real viable option. Then I think if you think about some of the things we’re doing, we’re adding group reps that are focused specifically on voluntary so that’s where we’re putting some growth efforts into that. And then we have a number of things going on in the way we’re designing our products and our systems capabilities that we think is giving us a boost in this marketplace too. So we’ve got a product category here that’s got some nice market growth potential and then we think that what we’re doing gives us a bit of an additional boost.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Schumann with KBW Research.
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: Just kind of a fine point on the tax rate if you could help me try to understand this. If you have things that aren’t fully deductible, does that suggest that in some of these corridors in the near future where earnings may be negative that maybe that taxes actually go the other way and the after-tax loss will be bigger than the pre-tax loss? Is that the right way to think about it?
Mike Peninger - CFO: It’s just the way that works. You know, you’ve got sort of pre-tax income, you take your deductions to calculate your taxes, or your GAAP reported income, and you adjust it to your taxable income, so you’re thinking about it correctly.
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: Is there kind of a ballpark amount of nondeductible expenses that we can think about, or no?
Mike Peninger - CFO: I don’t have that off the top of my head, Jeff. That’s something we can look up, but right now the disallowed deductions related to compensation, that’s going to be paid out several years from now, so mostly it tends to be focused on deferred compensation in which you’re making a variety of estimates. We can certainly give some thought to whether we can firm that up. I’d like it to be a reasonably firm number if we’re going to cover that for you.
Jeffrey Schuman - KBW: All right, thank you. You spoke about share repurchase. I don’t believe I heard you speak about M&A. Mr. Colberg’s been in place for a couple months now and I think he has a number of mandates, but one of them is to look for M&A opportunities. Any update there on whether the pipeline seemed encouraging or not?
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: You know, we have talked for a long time about M&A as one of the pillars to helping us grow. Chris is responsible for that area, and I’ll let him make a few comments, but obviously Chris and Alan have just been sitting down and getting their heads together on how to think about things. But I think the bigger one to take note of is we’ve probably looked at quite a few things and Chris, why don’t you just comment on that?
Chris Pagano - CIO and Treasurer: I think obviously we don’t talk about specific deals. We are in the market sourcing deals. That means looking at them, comparing them to our requirements, whether it has a strategic fit, whether it meets our financial requirements. I think the key here is when you think about M&A and growth you’ve got to also put the words disciplined and profitable in the mix there, and that’s what our focus is. And right now what you’re seeing is our discipline and our search for profitable growth is not producing opportunities that meet our requirements and as a result we’re using the deployable capital to repurchase shares, which has been a very attractive opportunity for us recently. So again, continuing to source it, feel like we’ve got analytical rigor and discipline that allows us to look at opportunities both in existing business lines and in lines where we aren’t currently participating. And we’ll continue to keep you posted as that process evolves.
Rob Pollock - President and CEO: Okay. I want to thank everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you on our progress on our next call.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett - SVP, IR Rob Pollock - President and CEO Mike Peninger - CFO Chris Pagano - CIO and Treasurer
Analysts: Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Jeff Schuman - KBW Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch Mark Hughes - SunTrust Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs John Nadel - Sterne, Agee
Operator:
Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Assurant fourth quarter 2010 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions): I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
Melissa Kivett: Thanks so much. Welcome to Assurant's fourth quarter and full year 2010 earnings conference call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant; and Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer. Prepared remarks will last about 20 minutes and then we'll open up the call to questions. Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer, is also here for questions. Yesterday, we issued a news release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial results. The news release as well as corresponding supplemental financial information is available on our website at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during today's call may contain forward-looking information and our actual results may differ materially from those projected in those forward-looking statements. We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you to consider the discussions of both risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2009 Form 10-K and subsequently filed Forms 10-Q and 8-K, which can also be accessed from our website. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. Additionally, this presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's earnings release and the supplementary financial information that we have on our website at assurant.com. Now I'm glad to turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning everyone. As I reflect on the quarter and full year 2010, I'm pleased that we again delivered strong operating results. We expanded our customer base, reduced expenses, broadened our product portfolio and carefully managed our capital. For the full year of 2010, net operating income increased 20%. Our operating return on equity was 12%. Our diluted book value per share, excluding AOCI, increased 6%. This is after taking a goodwill impairment charge resulting principally from healthcare reform. Our strong capital position provides us with a great deal of financial flexibility. We ended the year with $880 million in corporate capital, an increase of nearly 24% from the end of 2009, even after returning more than $600 million to shareholders in repurchases and dividends. During 2010, we were able to take more than $800 million in dividends from our operating companies as both Specialty Property and Solutions provided dividends that exceeded their operating earnings. Excluding our $250 million capital buffer against tail-event risks, we began 2011 with more than $600 million in deployable capital. We anticipate that operating dividends in 2011 will be at least equal to operating company earnings. We increased our dividend for the seventh consecutive year. During the year, we repurchased 15.2 million shares of our stock or 13% of shares outstanding at 2009 yearend. Through January 31, we have repurchased an additional 1.7 million shares. These actions demonstrate the ability of our specialty platform to generate free cash flow. With that as background, let me provide a few trends and market insights for each of our businesses. Assurant Solutions continued to focus on developing new client relationships and distribution channels. Their efforts generated solid improvement in gross written premiums during the year. The full year 2010 combined ratio in our international business improved by 480 basis points versus 2009, led by improvements in the U.K. Our Preneed life insurance business continued to deliver strong results with double-digit increases in new sales and operating profits over 2009. We expect Preneed will continue its good performance in 2011. Moving to Solutions' other businesses, we continue to invest in new business opportunities while managing our expenses. Domestically, we are diversifying our client base by the original equipment manufacturer or OEM channel. Internationally, we've added new wireless clients during 2010. We continue to find the wireless market filled with growth opportunities. We also added clients in Latin America for both service contracts and credit insurance. We expect this will continue in 2011. Growth is more challenging in Europe, but our product offerings are well positioned for when the European economy recovers. In 2011, earned premiums will be affected by the continued run-off of domestic credit insurance and certain large service contract clients that are no longer in business. Remember, service contract revenue is deferred through the manufacturer's warranty period. But our new client additions have set the stage for Solutions to deliver revenue growth over the longer term. Let's turn to Assurant Specialty Property, which produced another terrific quarter and year. The foundation of our business is the specialty processing platform. Our loan tracking technology and our risk management expertise allow us to deliver superior service to our clients and enable us to provide insurance protection for client portfolios without underwriting individual properties. During the last two years, the lack of major storm activity improved our results. However, during the fourth quarter of 2010, we experienced about $15 million in pre-tax catastrophe-related losses due to the wind and hailstorms in Arizona. I'm proud to say that we again responded quickly for our customers in their time of need. At a macro level, we continue to believe that total placement rates and loan inventories will decline to historical levels over the next several years. The clients we've added, combined with our alignment with leading mortgage servicers will help offset these trends. Specialty property implemented many process improvements in 2010 that allowed us to control expenses, while adding new clients and tracking more loans. In 2011, we expect this business to continue to generate strong results. We are enhancing our processing platform to better serve our clients, while maintaining our risk discipline. Next, Assurant helped deliver good results while preparing to operate in an environment with new regulations and changing dynamics. Improved financial performance versus 2009 was driven by pricing actions, plan design changes and substantial cost reductions. Healthcare reform has altered the health insurance marketplace. The transformational actions implemented by the business during 2010 position us to compete looking ahead. But we will continue to adapt our strategy as we more fully understand how consumers, providers, and distributors adjust to the new healthcare environment. 2011 will be a transition year at Assurant Health. We are expecting breakeven results, as we accrue for rebates as an offset to premiums and continue to streamline operations. For Assurant employee benefits, the fourth quarter was much like the previous quarters in 2010. Strong results were driven by favorable claim experience and excellent expense management. Loss ratios improved for all our products. Employee benefits continues to emphasize worksite and voluntary products. These products provide affordable solutions that meet the needs of employers and employees. However, until employment picks up and payrolls expand revenue growth will be challenged. Finally, turning to product experience, our dental business should continue to improve from the actions we have taken. We see life and disability loss experience reverting to more traditional levels. We plan to lower our discount rate for new LTD claims in 2011, as interest rates remain at low levels. Now, Mike will walk you through the operating results for each of the businesses.
Mike Peninger: Thanks, Rob. I'll start with Assurant Solutions, where fourth quarter net operating income was $11.7 million. This includes a previously announced $31 million after-tax intangible asset write-off resulting from the non-renewal of a domestic service contract client relationship. While this will obviously affect our sales over the longer term, it will not materially affect our 2011 revenues or profits. The fourth quarter of 2009 included $8.4 million of restructuring charges, primarily in International. Net operating income, absent the adjustments, improved versus the fourth quarter of 2009, primarily due to improved international results and continued favorable Preneed results. Improvement in international was driven by more favorable underwriting experience and cost reductions, primarily in the U.K. Domestically, net earned premiums declined for the quarter and the year. This was primarily due to the discontinuation of extended service contract sales from Circuit City in early 2009, the absence of premium from the one-time Ford Advantage Campaign during 2009 and the continued decline in credit insurance. The run-off of Circuit City and credit insurance will continue to pressure earned premiums going forward. We expect premiums from these two sources to drop from $420 million in 2010 to about $250 million in 2011. Fourth quarter domestic gross written premiums increased 18% versus the fourth quarter of 2009, driven by growth in vehicle service contracts and sales from a new retail client. This client is heavily re-insured, and vehicle service contracts have longer manufacturer's warranties than our average client portfolio, so the impact of these items, our net earned premiums will be modest in 2011. The 2010 domestic combined ratio, excluding the asset write-off was 97.7% compared with 97.2% in 2009. Both years benefited from favorable experience on the run-off of business from former clients. Our long term target for this ratio remains at 98%. International gross written premiums were up 3% for the quarter and 13% for the year, due primarily to increased sales from existing and new clients in Latin America. We expect net earned premiums to increase during 2011, as the business written in prior years is earned. The fourth quarter international combined ratio improved versus the prior year due to improved underwriting and the absence of restructuring charges. Though there has been variability in quarterly experience, we believe the underlying trends of the international business have improved and we expect to see further improvement in 2011 as we continue to streamline the organization structure. Our long-term targets for international combined ratio remain at 95%. Preneed insurance continued to be a strong performer for the quarter and the year. Face sales for the quarter increased 7% versus the fourth quarter of 2009, and full year face sales were up 43% versus 2009, driven primarily by elevated sales in Canada ahead of the provincial tax changes last summer. Our partnership and continued alignment with SCI, the largest funeral provider in North America, remained strong and customers continue to see value in prefunding their funeral expenses. Turning now to Specialty Property, net operating income was approximately $95 million, including just under $10 million of after-tax reportable catastrophe losses during the quarter. Operational improvements along with lower commissions due to increases in client-ceded premiums drove the expense ratio down. The combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was 73.1%, roughly flat with the fourth quarter of 2009. Net earned premiums for the quarter decreased slightly versus 2009 primarily due to a decrease in lender-placed homeowners premiums caused by previously disclosed additional ceding activity. Key indicators such as loan counts increased slightly year-over-year due primarily to new client acquisitions. Prime placement rates during the fourth quarter of 2010 were at their highest levels ever, and we expect them to remain elevated through 2011. Subprime placement rates on the other hand declined to their lowest levels since September of 2008. In the aggregate, placement rates continued to increase. It's important to note that loan portfolio movement within the industry and inconsistent classification by lenders is blurring the distinction between prime and subprime. In recognition of this trend, we added a new line to our supplement illustrating our consolidated placement rates. This may prove to be a more reliable predictor of revenues than the separate pieces. Turning next to Assurant Health, net operating income was $15 million for the quarter compared to a loss of nearly $30 million in the prior year. Fourth quarter 2010 results include charges from facility lease write-offs and previously announced workforce reductions totaling $3.8 million after-tax. Excluding these charges, net operating results were in line with our targeted after-tax margin. Our sales like those of most of the industry have slowed as consumers and agents adjust to the post-reform environment. Market disruption will likely continue for some time. During the fourth quarter, we announced compensation changes for our distributors. We're encouraged by their initial response and by market reaction to our new product offerings. We believe that our products offer cost-effective insurance options for consumers. Our distribution partners are helping consumers to find the right balance of protection and cost for their unique needs. As Rob noted, 2011's reported results will reflect a business in transition. Loss in expense ratios will not be directly comparable to 2010 results due to the rebate accruals. We began to adjust product pricing for healthcare reform and reduced expenses substantially in 2010, but continued diligence is required. In 2011, the Health team will continue to streamline and simplify operating processes while enhancing service for our customers. At Assurant Employee Benefits, net operating income increased to approximately $18 million. Both loss experience and expense management contributed to the improvement. We completed our annual life and disability reserve studies during the fourth quarter. The results were consistent with prior years and are reflected in our reported experience. Fourth quarter net earned premiums were down slightly compared to 2009. Prolonged high unemployment continues to make topline growth challenging, but our broad product suite is helping to minimize the impact. Interest rates increased since last quarter, but the low rate environment will continue to pressure investment income for Employee Benefits in 2011. It will also lead to a reduction in the reserve interest rate assumption for new long-term disability claims. Our reserve discount rate for claims incurred prior to 2011 is 5.25%. The rate for new claims will be determined during the first quarter. Our current estimate is that it will be 50 to 100 basis points lower, which will increase policyholder benefits by $8 million to $16 million pre-tax for the year. Turning now to corporate items, the low level of interest rates remains challenging. While yields rose in the fourth quarter, they're still below fourth quarter 2009 levels. We continue to manage our investment portfolio to preserve yield and minimize credit losses. As we previously disclosed following our annual goodwill testing, we incurred a $306 million impairment charge during the fourth quarter of 2010. The charge reflects 100% write-off of the goodwill allocated to our Health and Employee Benefits segments. The impairment resulted from the effects of healthcare reform, the low interest rate environment, continuing high unemployment and the slow pace of the economic recovery. The goodwill written of relates to acquisitions made well before we became a public company, and the charge does not affect our view of either business. As of January 31, 2011 we are authorized to repurchase up to $772 million of company stock. Even our current share price and our outlook for operating company dividends, we expect to continue to repurchase shares during 2011. However, our top priority remains to deploy capital for profitable growth opportunities, both internally and through acquisitions. With over $600 million in deployable capital, and businesses that continue to produce substantial cash flows, we have the flexibility to use our capital in a variety of ways that will increase long-term shareholder value. And with that I will turn the call back to Rob.
Rob Pollock: To recap 2010, it was a successful quarter and year for the company. As we turn to 2011, our priorities are clear: Focus on growth by creating new revenue streams; find additional operating efficiencies while developing enhanced capabilities valued by our customers; leverage our risk management expertise in all we do; continue to manage our capital to create value for our shareholders. I am confident we will be successful because of our employees. They are a very committed group, united by our shared values of common sense, common decency, uncommon thinking and uncommon results. This is our recipe to continue generating value for our customers and shareholders. And with that I would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will go first to Mark Finkelstein with Macquarie.
Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie: I guess a couple of questions. Just on the health outlook for 2011, maybe just a few more thoughts on that. I guess what I am interested in knowing is, should we be thinking about decent-sized losses earlier in the year, returning to profitability in the back half of the year as expenses scale down, rate increases where applicable come into play. How should we think about the trajectory in 2011?
Rob Pollock: It's a good question, and a lot of it, Mark will deal with how we do the rebate calculation. And although we've got pretty good line of sight on that, we are still waiting for a few things to unfold there. But I would anticipate, and I'll Mike talk about it in a little more detail, that we're going to continue to manage the expenses carefully, so we can start being in a position to make profits. Right now our loss ratio is below the threshold. So we've got to add benefits, which we're doing; reduce prices a little bit to get that loss ratio moving up. And I think we'll try and have it set-up based on how we project what the rebates will be every quarter. And I'll let Mike provide just a little bit more detail on how the accounting mechanics might work.
Mike Peninger: We're still working on those mechanics, Mark, but I think there are a lot of different things going on. The pricing changes, as Rob mentioned, will sort of flow through over the course of the year. Expense savings we'll likely achieved over the course of the year. If you think about the margins and the reserves that we hold at year-end 2010, those sort of get released in the first part of the year, but at the same time then, we're setting it up the rebate accruals, which will dampen that release. And you also I think have to remember that the rebate calculation will not really reflect margins in the year-end '10 reserves, the way it's set up as you look for actual run-off through I think the first quarter of 2012. So there are lots of different pieces. I think we're likely to see maybe more profits towards the front of the year, and then the rebate liability will grow over the course of the year.
Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie: Okay. And then I know a part of the strategy in health is a newer product. Is there anything you can say about the traction of the new product that you rolled out, kind of a few months ago?
Rob Pollock: Well, the first thing is, over the last several years, Mark, we've been very focused on customer needs. We've done extensive customer research, and overwhelmingly what comes back is, I want something that's tailored toward my particular needs, combined with the affordability issue. So a lot of our efforts have been structured around that, realizing as well that in all the plans that are subject to the new regulation, we've added benefits, we've complied with all the regulations so that those offerings as well will be profitable for us going forward as we kind of transition and restructure. The new products are focused on affordability. And we see that even in the reform world as we've mentioned before as a continuing unmet need, if you will in the marketplace. And we will be offering things that play to that. Results to-date, I think a lot of it is engagement with distribution. I'd say that obviously distributors have had disruption as well. The ones that are sitting down and spending the time with us are seeing opportunities. But it takes a bit of time to get traction there.
Chris Pagano: Yes, and I understand that there is no doubt there is still a lot of confusion out there both on the part of consumers and agents. So sort of everybody is adapting to the new environment and there is learning curves on a number of fronts I think, which adds to all the comments Rob made.
Mark Finkelstein - Macquarie:  And then just finally, you finished the year at 600 plus of, call it net deployable cash at the holding company or capital at the holding company generate another 500-plus, around 511. What kind of capital deployment outlook can you give us whether it's in terms of buybacks or what have you.
Rob Pollock: Couple of different things here. I think we've pointed out, and Mike mentioned that we anticipate we'll continue buying. We have in January, but I think what you see is a very disciplined execution of our capital management strategy of we would like to find opportunities that can build additional income streams. And we're focused on that as well, but realizing we see good value in the share price. And I'm going to just have Chris comment a little bit on our whole disciplined management around evaluating capital deployment opportunities.
Chris Pagano: Couple of things, and I think Rob touched on a lot of them, but the key here is discipline. You've highlighted where we are to start the year and we feel like we're in a very good position, a better position than we were at the beginning of 2010, even after returning all the capital that we did to shareholders. But what we're going to do in 2011 is look to grow earnings, but deploy capital to do that in a disciplined fashion. So the willingness or the ability to do deals, but the willingness not to do the ones that don't make sense. And then, where we do not see opportunities, we will as we did in '10 and have already begun doing in '11, we churn capital to shareholders. We still think the share price is attractive and we will also consider our dividend as we do typically in the second quarter of the year.
Operator: We'll go next to Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: If I can just follow up quickly on Mark's question about health insurance, is there anything in the ACA that changes in 2012 and 2013 to your benefit, or do we have to wait till 2014 when everybody is in the pool and presume there might be some serious economies of scale?
Rob Pollock: A couple of things; remember that things happen on a transition basis, Steven. So let's just take the new benefits that have been added, all right? Those are going to come in for all new policies we sell, and they are going to be added to current policies on renewal. So that will create things that move over time. Some of the underwriting rules move and change over time in terms of, obviously, we're going to provide full guaranteed issue at the end. We can still do some modified underwriting in the interim. And so, you are going to have a lot of things in transition until you get to 2014. Mike mentioned issues around the calculation of the rebates. There are credibility issues that we're going to have to work through and see how the calculations work. Remember, the rebates are done on a state-by-state basis. And so, we're going to have to develop a rhythm around all of this. I'm confident we'll do it. We're looking at all of it. But we, in effect need to just run the playbook on this a little bit and see how it unfolds.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Specialty Property Reinsurance, should we expect the use of captives to increase in 2011 over 2010? I'm also wondering about the discount rate decrease if you will and what you are basing that off of the new money rates, (four-month) rates, the portfolio?
Rob Pollock: So first let's start with Specialty Property and Reinsurance. I'm going to have Chris talk first a little bit about the reinsurance market in general. Then where we placing reinsurance, I know you are looking in particular at clients, but traditionally a lot of our work on our captive set up, they are in essence buying at our reinsurance buy for CAT coverage. So Chris, why don't you just talk about the where the reinsurance market is first.
Chris Pagano: Sure. As a reminder, we've place our program in two separate placements, the first in January, the second in June. We've placed the 2011 program slightly more than half as part of the January placement. We also have two CAT bonds that make up about a quarter of our program that are already in place. So we have effectively got 75% of the program in place. The June placement, we feel good about that as well. Capacity is there. Pricing is slightly softer, all other things equal than it was in January and June of last year. And we'll update you once we get the program placed and give you some descriptions about what the program looks like once we're done in June. Now keep in mind though that, again all other things equal, rates online are lower, but the program has grown so that the all-in dollar cost may or may not be lower than it was last year.
Rob Pollock: So with that as a background Steven, then if we look at, are we anticipating more clients using reinsurance? At this time, no, but as can happen in both this and as well in our solutions business, if they bring that up and it's something they want to do, we have the ability to accommodate that. None that I'm aware of that we are anticipating right now. If we move over and talk about considerations on discount rate side, Mike, do you want to comment?
Mike Peninger: The discount rate in the employee benefits reserves, and really what we've tried to do there Steven, it's more of a forward-looking thing. We tried to look at what new money rates we expect to earn in 2011 in this case. So we sort of come up with a gross yield that we think that we can make. And then we subtract off allowance for expenses and credit risk and things like that and end up with the difference being the discount rate. And as I said, we expect that to be 50 to 100 basis points less than our current 5.25.
Operator: And our next question is from Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Wanted to come back once again to (inaudible) and continue to try to connect the dots here. I guess the great news in the fourth quarter was, the loss ratio was 70%; I guess the bad news is, 70% loss ratios are going to be terribly (inaudible) going forward. In terms of modeling, I'm assuming we should not be thinking of an 80% GAAP loss ratio. Do you have any kind of ballpark that we can sort of think about?
Mike Peninger: It's an excellent point, Jeff, and there are a number of things that are different in terms of the MLR calculation that don't make it directly comparable to the GAAP number. The first is, obviously taxes. Bottom line, we think that maybe a good way to think about it is three, maybe four points lower than the loss ratio we've published.
Rob Pollock: In terms of the MLR. So an MLR of an 80 would be comparable to our published number of say a 76, 77.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: That's helpful. But then I guess still the disconnect is, what that would seem to imply for the expense ratio. Because if you look at 2010, you did a lot of hard work and lot of heavy lifting, took some restructuring charges, and you're talking about having some diligence going forward and some streamlining. But you need to take off a whole lot of points out of the expense ratio.
Mike Peninger: Again, we will go into more detail on this, but if you take the fourth quarter numbers and take out some of the restructuring charges, the number's probably in the 26'ish, 27 range. And then as Mike mentioned, we are making commission changes, and we think those commission changes start getting us close to the numbers.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Okay, so the commission is a big piece of it.
Rob Pollock: Again, it's been a partnership, and we've told the distribution that we're not putting this all on their backs. This is something that needs to be shared between the company and distribution, and that we have ideas for distribution that can help them in maintaining and serving their customers and making a living.
Mike Peninger: So a lot of that then would come true to some extent in 2011, which is the breakeven year.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: In 2012, what needs to continue to happen? Is it that absolute levels of expenses still come down further, or then do you become more dependent on really scaling at a different level?
Mike Peninger: I think there is additional expense things we'll need to get, but I think that operating and understanding just how all the calculations work etcetera will help us hone the model a bit too Jeff. And remember, people talk about scale, and scale has importance, there is no doubt about that. The other side of things, remember, is scale historically we've thought about it and everyone has in the business as scale translating to lower price. But if you translate to lower price, you are also then restricted in what you can spend on the expense. And I think that's a dynamic that all providers are wrestling with a little bit. So again, we've been out; we have adapted our strategy, we're working. We feel very good that we're in a first-to-market situation with some of our ideas. But these will continue to develop as we move forward, and I am confident that we're going to have a winning strategy here.
Jeff Schuman - KBW: Okay. Thank you for that. Let's go to one other area; that shall be property. I think, you've talked about this in the past that it might be good to have an update. You talked about placement rates. And then another thing that's probably influenced your results there has been the unusual kind of mechanics in the foreclosure pipeline. The foreclosure pipeline has been gummed-up. You've probably gotten somewhat better persistency in some of the policies. Can you give us an update on how the foreclosure pipeline is functioning at this point and maybe kind of where we go from here?
Rob Pollock: Sure. So I think when we start and look at foreclosures which you might think as real estate owned coverage we might provide, it's important to remember that Fannie and Freddie self-insure all their REO loans. So if you look at a policy today, the first question if it's in the pipeline that you have discussed is to ask the question, do we have a policy on it today? If the answer is yes, and it's a Fannie and Freddie loan and moves to foreclosure, we are no longer going to be providing coverage. If we're not providing coverage today, there is no difference. If it's a non-Fannie and Freddie loan, then it's a function of, do we have an REO program with that client? Many of our clients, we have REO programs with I'd say the majority, but not all. So we can be in a situation in, if you will, a subprime category where things move to REO and we could lose coverage too. Now in terms of when things actually move to foreclosure, there are lots of issues around that right now. And I would anticipate, if things move through, you could see some decline, but we have already seen our REO placement rates go down quite a bit from four or five quarters ago.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ed Spehar with BofA Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess, two questions, the first is on the health side. It seems a little odd to me that you guys put out a target from margins by the end of this year, and you achieved that target. But typically when that occurs, I think the expectation is that that's sort of setting you up for what you are going to do going forward I am just wondering, why set a target for the fourth quarter and then come out on the fourth quarter call and say, we are going to breakeven in 2011. That's the first question. The second question is on the discount rate. I guess I could see a 50 basis point reduction in the discount rate, but I guess when you talk about a 100 basis points, I mean going to a 4.25 discount rate, especially Mike, my interpretation of your remarks was, you are looking at something like a forward curve when you considering what your new money yield is going to be. Rates have come up 100-plus basis points, 100 basis points maybe since your last call. And if you look at a forward curve for let's say the 10-year treasury, the expectation is that if we are looking one year out it's something of a 50 basis points and you are looking beyond that it's up even more. So it's hard for me to see how you would come up with a 100 basis point reduction and maybe even a 50 basis point reduction. So I am wondering if you could delve into that a little bit more.
Rob Pollock: So let's start on the healthcare side. I think that what we really just have is, you've got a new scorekeeping system and roles of play that start January 1, 2011. So if we operated under the rules and reporting at fourth quarter 2010, we think we'd kind of be there on the 4% margin. But starting in 2011, things change and we have to start hitting and complying with the new MLR requirements, which basically say, if your medical loss ratio is below a certain threshold then you take money and set it aside to pay rebates to your policyholders. And so, a different way of looking at that, and we didn't do the calculation, but we would not have reported a 4% after-tax margin in the fourth quarter if that legislation had been in effect in the fourth quarter, because a lot of the margin would have gone to rebate. So you just got to discontinue this change. Mike.
Mike Peninger: I think another thing, if we go back 12 to 18 months, we had two phenomenon sort of going on at the same time. We had poor experience starting in late '08 into '09 that we had to correct. And I think some of our intent in saying that we could correct that underwriting problem, and we are going to do that and we are attempting to get that done by the fourth quarter of '10, which we did. But sort of a separate question then is what was happening to prepare for healthcare reform. So I think there were two very different sort of things we were trying to communicate there.
Rob Pollock: So now, if we move to the discount rate, I'm going to go back to Mike in a minute, but just start with, traditionally we've used a portfolio rate method. And we're going to start blocking off by incurral year if you will, disability claims and rates.
Mike Peninger: I think that's exactly right. And I don't know exactly where we'll end up. We'll make a determination before the first quarter reporting, where we'd like to see sort of where rates are, get a little more data on where they'll be. I don't know if Chris will want to comment on his view of rates, but clearly they are going to be lower. And the intent in giving you a range is to just say we're going to be somewhere in there, but we'll certainly look at as much data as we can prior to reporting for the first quarter and then we'll have a 'then current' sort of projection for the rest of the year. The point is, you want a discount rate that's somewhat relative to what you're going to earn. That's important obviously.
Chris Pagano: Just one comment on rate. You are absolutely right that off the lows, which were sort of end of third, early fourth quarter, treasury rates are a percent higher. But when you look at what credit spreads have done, which is the driver of our reinvestment yield, you don't see as much of an increase. Now, ideally we'd like to give back some more unrealized gains in exchange for high reinvestment yields. And we are hopeful the trend will continue that way. And we will assess where we are at the time we set the discount rate. But it is volatile, and again the trend certainly is moving in our direction. But we can't count on that when we go to set the discount rate.
Ed Spehar - BofA Merrill Lynch: One follow up. Can you just tell us roughly, what kind of spread you look for when you are thinking about what your portfolio yield is versus your discount rate?
Mike Peninger: We take sort of a gross yield. We try to adjust for the fact that we've got tax exemption in the portfolio. We try to get a taxable equivalent yield. Then we would take up a spread, I would say in the 75 basis points or so to cover expenses and risk.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: In the Solutions segment, you talked about the drop-off related to some specific items, talked about 420 going to 250 in 2011. How much of that is already reflected in the fourth quarter run rate of business, or shall we say that's incremental from the fourth quarter?
Mike Peninger: Well, I'd say both of them have been declining over the course of the year. So clearly, we'd be closer to that. But you've got to almost go linearly, probably from '09 through '11 or something like that.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: We're maybe halfway there?
Rob Pollock: Let us get back to you on that Mark. I think that the point Mike's making is, the clients left and things started declining in '09. So that is a headwind we had starting in '09, continued in '10 and will continue in '11.
Mike Peninger: And I think maybe another way is, just take the numbers or the decline, the 420 to the 250, so you've got, that amount of decline is not going to be probably straight over the course of the year. You could see a downward sloping line during the quarters. So it would continue on through each quarter on a downward sloping line during 2011.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: So it hasn't bottomed yet so to speak.
Mike Peninger: Right.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Then in the subprime, the placement rates, how much of the decline in the subprime placements was related to the new client wins, or how are you doing on a same-client basis in terms of placement rates?
Rob Pollock: Yes, I think Mike pointed out the vagaries of how things are reporting. And what we think has happened here Mark is, some of our clients have moved loans from what had been in prime to subprime. And an example might be, maybe they've moved for instance Alt-A that they might have had in their prime portfolio to subprime. And the placement rate on Alt-As is lower than the subprime loans themselves. And so Mike has worked with the property team etcetera and looked at things at that aggregate level because we think it might just be, given they're moving the loans around, a better representation on the numbers.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: Do you think apples-to-apples, maybe it's steady?
Rob Pollock: That's why we're doing the aggregation of prime and subprime placement, Mark. Because if you'd gone back a few years, we got lots of questions on why was prime not moving when subprime was. Now we have a situation where prime placement is continuing to go up, where subprime is flat to down. So we've merged the two together for our analysis, and it seems to be providing some insight.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust: One follow-up question. If the healthcare reform gets tossed out, are there any state-level regulations that would still necessitate rebates or does this whole thing go out the window?
Rob Pollock: I don't believe there is rebate per se. What you have in a number of the states is filing requirements around loss ratio that must be met and impact minimum loss ratio requirements. But we are proceeding forward that the legislation's going to be there, and we want to be ready to play in that environment.
Mike Peninger: Your question is a very state-specific one I think. Some of the states have made modifications to sort of line their own regs up with the healthcare reform. Notably California, recently I think adjusted their minimum loss ratio to be consistent with the federal law. So that's just an example of where there would be some after effect if some healthcare reform went away. So suffice it to say there would be a lot of confusion around if that gets repealed.
Operator: We will go next to Chris Giovanni with Goldman Sachs.
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: One quick one on employee benefits. You loss (exchange) there has been significantly better than peers, and you really haven't seen many negative (books) there, again, sort of different than peers. Can you talk some about what you are seeing in that book of business from your underwriting standpoint?
Rob Pollock: I'll start with, this is all part of our strategy, Chris, where, when we decided to focus on the smaller employer, we focus there because we felt that experience over long periods of time were better largely because some of the more subjective claims that might show up in larger employers don't come to the small employer's market. And a good example would be, in a large employer, when there is a program announced that there is going to be layoffs, you see incremental increase in marginal claims. Small employers tend to go out of business. And you don't see that same phenomenon going on. So I think that is a big part of the driver. Mike, you want to comment on any of the particulars related to incidence of recovery?
Mike Peninger: I think what we have seen in our block over many years, and the reason, as Rob said that we sort of chose to focus on the small employer is just that for whatever reason, there seems to be a tighter linkage between the employee and the employer. If somebody in a small employer group goes out, it's a noticeable impact on the employer. We find them generally to be very willing to work with us, to try to accommodate a partial return to work and things like that. So there just seems to be, we've just had better success in working with employers to get people back to work which is the ultimate key to this business.
Chris Giovanni - Goldman Sachs: And then, quickly on capital management, you alluded to potential acquisitions. Can you talk some about what specialty businesses you would look for? And presumably, Balboa was one that you guys are now shying away from. But where else would sort of acquisitions fit in with the specialty strategy?
Rob Pollock: First, we don't comment on any particular situation, but we do look at things where we think our particular skill sets can match with what we see as an unmet set of market needs. So it can be a variety of different things that could build adjacencies within our existing business, and we've done some of those over time. And they could be block acquisitions that help us build. And Chris has done a good job with this of trying to say, we're going to assign that responsibility to the business; we're going to spend a little more time looking at what new niche opportunities might be. And all of this is predicated on a background in my mind of being disciplined about how we're deploying the capital. So maybe Chris, you could talk a little bit about how we think about returns, capital thresholds, evaluation, and also talk about some of the things we're just looking at.
Chris Pagano: Rob talked about, the first criteria is, what is the strategic significance of the opportunity that we're looking at. But the second one, and where the discipline comes into play is, the evaluation of whether or not it makes financial sense. And there, we focus on cash flow. The goal is to look into IRRs for the particular opportunity. Do these IRRs meet, on a risk-adjusted basis, our required threshold? The minimum we think about is our cost of capital, which is in the 10% to 11% range. But we like to think we can get above that, targeting sort of mid-teens to the extent that's possible. But again, the important issue there being, on a risk-adjusted basis. And the other key is the discipline around that; understanding when a deal does or does not make sense. And despite the fact that we have significant holding company capital, debt capacity, tremendous financial flexibility, just the willingness to walk away from a deal if it doesn't make sense. Because undisciplined M&A is a way you destroy shareholder value, and in my mind I'd rather have holding company capital accumulate, return some of that to shareholders, which we have been doing rather than go out and do a deal just because I can.
Operator: Our next question is from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Couple of quick questions for you, one on Solutions. If I adjust for the impairment charge this quarter, look like the quarter produced an ROE around 11%. That seems like pretty solid improvement. I guess the question for you is, is that sustainable? Should we expect to see continued improvement in international combined ratio for instance, in 2011? Can you give us a sense on that?
Rob Pollock: Sure. On the International side, we are pleased with the progress we have made, but we need to do more. So we think that should continue. Remember, it comes from a couple of different sources, John. One is new countries getting up to scale, the second is, continuing to see improvement in the U.K. situation, which we anticipate we will. So we have got a combination of different things that make us optimistic. We will continue to see improvements in the International Solutions realm.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Just to interject, last year going into 2010 you guys were pretty specific about sort of a 100 to 200 basis points of quarterly improvement in that international combined ratio. Is there some way of thinking about that as we head into 2011?
Mike Peninger: I don't know, it will be 100 to 200.
Rob Pollock: There will be noise of course, John.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: There was in 2010.
Rob Pollock: Yes, that bounces around. But we still, as I said earlier, the long term target is in that 95% range. So we clearly want to see it moving in that direction. The other one, I think I mentioned that on the wireless side we've had some wins internationally, John. And the good news about that business is that we have got work to do around implementation. But if we are successful on the implementation and able to bring customers in if you will, that business will earn a little bit faster, and that will help as well. The last one I'd just point out, and maybe Chris can speak about this for you. Second is, I mentioned that we took obviously more than just our earnings out of Solutions. So remember, we talked about streamlining our capital base within Solutions. We made quick progress on that. Chris, maybe you'd just want to provide a few more comments there.
Chris Pagano: The dividends we took out of Solutions were about $200 million more than the GAAP earnings. Again, a third of that or half of that $200 million was the capital streamline that we identified. So $100 million to $120 million of the $150 million we targeted. And then the balance of that were just other pockets of capital, which as part of our ongoing process of capitalizing to invest and then getting the balance of the capital up to the holding company where it's most flexible, we are able to find another $80 million to $100 million there. So again, that will also help the ROE picture going forward.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: My other question for you is just that Rob, thinking bigger picture now, for the overall enterprise we've got the transition year for health, and maybe more than one year for health. But if I look at overall 2010, adjusting for some one-time items, maybe favorable CATs relative to a normal year, it looks like you're down to 10% to 11% ROE for the organization in 2010. Should we expect, even considering the pressure in health, should we expect 2011 to show progress upward from there as well?
Rob Pollock: We certainly hope so, John.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Aside from health and higher CATs is there anything you look out and you say, we have some kind of significant fear or risk to ROE coming down from here?
Rob Pollock: I think you highlighted the big ones. And again, we're focused on what we see the opportunity's been. And we see opportunities within Solutions. If we get a pick-up in the economy, again, that helps a number of our businesses. We think line-of-sight clarity on health will help with the revenue side. That's a story that will unfold this year, and won't have a big impact on ROE in 2011, but certainly will in the years out and I think will validate that we have a strategy that can win in that marketplace.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee: Thank you very much, guys.
Rob Pollock: Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you on our progress on our next call.
Operator: This does conclude Assurant's fourth quarter 2010 call. Please note that a replay will be available as of 11 am. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Rob Pollock – President and CEO Mike Peninger – Chief Financial Officer Chris Pagano – Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Jeff Schuman – KBW John Nadel – Sterne, Agee Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie Jack Sherck – SunTrust Steve Labbe – Langen McAlenney
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Assurant Third Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until the end of the call at which point there will be a Q&A session and instructions on how to queue up for a question will be given at that time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett: Great. Thanks so much. Welcome to Assurant’s 2010 third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant; and Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer. Prepared remarks will last about 20 minutes and then, we’ll open the call to questions. Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer is also here for questions. Yesterday we issued a news release announcing our third quarter 2010 financial results. The news release, as well as corresponding supplemental financial information is available on our website at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during today’s call may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you to consider the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2009 Form 10-K and subsequently filed 10-Q and 8-K, which can be accessed from our website. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. Additionally, this presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company’s performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two please refer to yesterday’s earnings release and supplementary financial information that’s posted on our website at assurant.com. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our third quarter performance. Operating results improved in all four businesses compared to the third quarter of 2009. Net operating income was up 9% and diluted earnings per share increased 19%. Annualized operating return on equity was 11.5% for the quarter. Our diluted book value per share increased about 3% in the quarter and about 10% compared to year end 2009. Our actions to adapt our product offerings and manage expenses while pursuing new sources of revenue are building a stronger foundation for long-term growth. I will begin by highlighting a few trends and market conditions related to performance from each of our businesses. During the quarter Assurant Solutions made progress in developing new customers and distribution channels. International profitability improved and our premium business continued to grow by successfully executing its business plan. Based upon the actions we have taken the international combined ratio showed meaningful improvement in the quarter. We expect continued improvement in the fourth quarter consistent with our prior estimates. Our premium life insurance business continues to produce strong results from our partnership with SCI, the leading funeral services provider in North America. Operating income in faith sales both showed nice gains over the third quarter of 2009. Looking ahead, we expect international credit insurance service contracts worldwide including wireless and our pre-funded funeral products will drive growth for Solutions. We have solid sales pipelines in each of these areas that we expect to translate into revenues. This will help compensate for the run-off from Circuit City and our domestic credit products. At Solutions revenue growth and operational efficiency remain priorities. Turning to Assurant Specialty Property, third quarter results were strong aided by the mild hurricane season. The business continues to deliver outstanding results in a very dynamic market. We are seeing production from a new client added during the last quarter. At the same time, our efforts to expand other products such as renters and flood are going well. Our new clients will continue to support solid results for specialty property in 2011. Moving on to Assurant Health, the business continues to focus operations around customers. Improve financial results over the prior year were driven primarily by pricing actions and plan design changes implemented in the second half of 2009. However, health care reform is beginning to impact our results. We expect this will continue in both the fourth quarter and 2011 as the marketplace evolves. We pride ourselves in our ability to adapt to changing markets. Health demonstrated this by modifying products, discontinuing the sale of other products and reducing expenses. We also developed and introduced new products that address customer needs around coverage and affordability. These products were introduced in mid-September initial feedback from our agents and customer’s is positive, an encouraging signs as we move forward. We continue to believe there are significant opportunities in the individual medical market and that we have the specialty expertise to be successful. Our experience with individual Health products and our excellent relationship with our distribution partners will continue to serve as well. We are in the early innings of repositioning our Health business. We have taking costs out of the business and will continue to drive for greater efficiency and effectiveness in our operations. While the transformation will not be easy or quick, we believe we are on the right path for success. Our commitment remains the same, to pursue the best course of action for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. At Assurant Employee Benefits, we achieved strong results through continued focus on the small employer, pricing discipline and expense management. Operating results benefited from very favorable disability incidents rates and improving dental product line and continued good mortality experience. Looking ahead, we expect the disability loss ratio to move upward as disability experience begins to revert to more traditional levels and the low interest rate environment requires higher reserves for new claims. However, dental loss experience should continue to improve and the business will continue to benefit from the expense reductions implemented earlier this year. On the revenue side, when our small business customers start hiring again, premiums will increase. In the meantime, Employee Benefits is focused on driving grow through disability RMS, our alternative distribution channel along with work site and voluntary products. Moving to highlights on the balance sheet. Our corporate capital position increased to $710 million during the quarter. It provides us with a great deal of financial flexibility. As we enter the last two months of 2010, we will continue to be disciplined in deploying our capital. Our priorities are to continue to make prudent investments to fuel growth and return capital to our shareholders. So, overall, a good quarter for Assurant. Our businesses are creating opportunities aimed at generating long-term results, while managing changing market dynamics. Now, I’ll let Mike walk you through the operating results for each business. Mike?
Mike Peninger: Thanks, Rob. I’ll start with Assurant Solutions where international results showed strong improvement while domestic pressures remain. Net operating income of about $32 million for the third quarter of 2010 increased 2% compared to third quarter of 2009. Income increased due to improved international underwriting experience particularly in the United Kingdom, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates and lower tax rates. Domestically net earned premiums declined for the quarter primarily due to the discontinuation of extended service contracts sales from Circuit City in 2009 and the continued decline of credit insurance. Gross written premiums decreased 2.4% versus the third quarter of 2009 due to lower credit insurance premiums. Sales of service contracts were up by about 5%. The domestic combined ratio increased during the quarter due to higher lost experienced in Extended Service Contracts resulting from an increase in the severity of claims within the consumer goods market. Internationally, we saw increases in net earned premiums in Canada and Latin America reflecting new and existing client growth and favorable impact from foreign exchange rates. Gross written premiums increased 7.5% due to the growth of Extended Service Contracts in Brazil and Argentina, growth in new and existing Latin American credit insurance clients. As Rob mentioned, the international combined ratio improved 104.1%, overall sales increases improve results in the U.K. due to our pricing and underwriting actions and expense reductions in our European business drove the improvement. Preneed Life Insurance continue to be a strong performer for Solutions. Preneed net operating income increased 12.5% versus the third quarter of 2009. Third quarter Canadian Preneed sales were higher than expected as we work through a backlog of business sold in anticipation of provincial tax changes that went into effect in July. As a result, the business in Canada added about $45 million of faith sales during the third quarter on top of $55 million last quarter. That backlog has now been process so Canadian Preneed sales should revert to more normal levels in the fourth quarter. We have a strong business model in Preneed with a positive sales outlook. In summary, we are pleased with progress internationally during the quarter. Solutions continues to find growth opportunities which help offset premium pressures cause by the run-off block of business. We look for further growth and profit improvement from international through the rest of this year and next. We continue to review experience with our domestic clients and make the modifications necessary to drive improved results. I’ll now turn to Assurant Specialty Property which produced another strong quarter. Net operating income was approximately $107 million, a 3% improvement versus the third quarter of 2009. We experienced no reportable third quarter catastrophes in either 2009 or 2010. Operational improvements along with lower commission expenses due to greater clients ceded reinsurance activity drove the expense ratio down and the combined ratio dropped. Net earned premiums for the quarter increased slightly primarily due to growth in creditor-placed homeowners and flood insurance, as well as, renters insurance. This was partially offset by increased ceded creditor-placed homeowners premiums and lower real estate-owned premiums. The increased in ceded premium was result of previously disclosed changes in client contracts. Overall, Specialty Property delivered excellent results for the quarter and the first nine months of the year. We’ve told you in the past that we expect a decline in creditor-placed revenue overtime but we are pleased to say that new clients we have added during the past several quarters are helping to counter this longer-term trend. Turning next to Assurant Health, which continues to make progress in adapting to the new healthcare landscape. Net operating income of $5.3 million for the quarter compared favorably to a loss of $4.8 million in the prior year. Workforce reductions that we announced in August reduced third quarter income by about $5 million after-tax and will have an additional $1.3 million after-tax impact in the fourth quarter. I’d also note that Assurant Health’s third quarter and year-to-date results reflect higher tax rate due to limitations under the health care reform act on the deductibility of employee compensation. Net earned premiums for the quarter were down slightly versus 2009 primarily due to a decline in members. The impact of the membership decline was partially offset by pricing and plan design changes implemented to prove -- improve underwriting results. Sales during the quarter were adversely impacted as we modified our product portfolio to comply with the healthcare legislation. Certain products were discontinued and others were replaced in order to address the affordability concerns of the consumers. Sales of these new products began in mid-September despite encouraging early responses to them sales in the fourth quarter are likely to be lower then our prior levels due to lingering consumer uncertainty related to health care reform. The Assurant Health team is responding to the changing marketplace by reducing expenses and making numerous pricing and plan design changes. Overall, we are confident that our actions preserve a path towards achieving a sustainable specialty business model. Turning now to Assurant Employee Benefits, net operating income increased significantly during the -- versus the third quarter of 2009 to approximately $17 million in the current quarter due to extremely favorable long-term disability incidents and improved dental results. Premiums grew compared to the prior-year due to the addition of the previously reported assumption of the Shenandoah Block and business assumed from clients that disability RMS in 2009. These accounted for $29 million of premium in the third quarter and $94 million for the nine months. Sales in our traditional channel remain challenging. The continued low interest rate environment will pressure investment income from employee benefits as we move into 2011. As a result, we expect to lower the reserve interest assumption for new long-term disability claims beginning in 2011. Our disability rate for all LTD reserves is currently 5.25%. 2011 rate has not been determined but to give you a sense of the impact a 50 basis point decrease in the discount rate applied to reserves for new claims would increase policy holder benefits by roughly $8 billion pre-tax in 2011. Turning now to Corporate matters. Our capital position remains strong. At the end of the third quarter we had $710 million of capital at the holding company, an increase of $135 million since the end of the second quarter. This total includes our $250 million capital buffer for tail event risks. So our total deployable capital was approximately $460 million at the end of the quarter. For 2010, we continue to expect that total dividend up stream will equal operating income plus the excess capital freed-up by our restructuring and solutions. Year-to-date, we have taken dividends in more than $450 million from our operating companies, including $90 million from the solutions restructuring. Annual uses of capital excluding share repurchases are approximately $170 million. Our investment portfolio continues to track the broad investment grade corporate bonds index. At the end of the third quarter, net pre-tax unrealized gains were $944 million, an increase of $663 million during 2010. We also think it’s important to comment on the current interest rate environment. While we expect rates to rise eventually the timing is uncertain. And similar to other insurance companies we face reductions in investment income from declining reinvestment yields. However, we believe that our low turnover investment strategy will moderate the pace of declined in our overall portfolio yield. In addition, our business mix with its low asset leverage means that a decrease in investment yields will have less of an impact on overall earnings compared to companies with greater asset leverage. There are however, certain areas where low interest rates do have a meaningful impact in our results, such as the employee benefits LTD reserve as I mentioned earlier. Additionally, all of our businesses are affected by the cost of our retirement benefit plans. Due to reductions in the pension liability discount rate used to value our plans, 2010 pre-tax retirement expenses will be about $10 million higher than in 2009. Approximately $4 million of that increase will be expense in the fourth quarter of this year. We expect the discount rate next year to decline by approximately 70 basis points to about 5.2% which will cause a further increase of approximately $10 million pre-tax in 2011. We also want to remind you that in line with our accounting policy, we’ll perform our annual goodwill impairment testing during the fourth quarter. While we hold our goodwill in the corporate segment our testing is done at the business unit level. We will carefully consider the impact of the economic environment on each business and Health will also factor in the impact of health care reform. We’ll report the results of our goodwill testing on our fourth quarter call. In summary, we are pleased with the third quarter and year-to-date results for 2010. We made significant progress on many of the initiatives we have discussed with you and look forward to continuing our progress as we close out the balance of this year. And with that, I’ll turn the call back to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks Mike. To recap it was another good quarter for the company. While some of our businesses are transitioning others are maximizing their market opportunities in developing new services and product offerings. Assurant Solutions is continuing to improve international and Preneed results. We are expanding our service contract and wireless sales pipeline to offset the run-off of other revenues. Specialty Property continues to add clients in a dynamic environment while building key adjacency markets such as renters and flood. Assurant Health is adopting its operating structure to respond to the changing healthcare market. We continue to focus on providing customers with solutions that meet their personal coverage needs at an affordable price. And employee benefit continues to develop new work sites and voluntary products to meet the changing needs of small business clients. Our businesses continue to generate strong cash flows and our strong capital position gives us considerable flexibility as we evaluate opportunities to enhance shareholder value. We’re becoming more efficient and more focused to position Assurant for sustainable profitable growth. And with that, I’d like to open the call for questions. Operator, first question please?
Operator: Yeah, sir. (Operator Instructions) And our first question will come from Jeff Schuman with KBW.
Rob Pollock: Good morning Jeff 
Jeff Schuman – KBW: Good morning. How are you?
Rob Pollock: Good.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: A couple of questions. First of all, the higher tax rate in Health, is that sort of fixable by restructuring comp or should we just assume that kind of rate going forward?
Mike Peninger:  I think there is likely to be some compensation that would be not allowed. You know, we may have some opportunities to impact just how much that is over time, Jeff but will probably increase overall slightly the long-term rate in health.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: Okay. And then I realize that you don’t want to predict the new disability reserve discount rate but I was wondering if you could help us better understand the thought process. When you set that rate, I mean, do you primarily reference what the new money rate is or is there some thought about what that rate is likely to revert to overtime or how do you, kind of, think about that generally?
Mike Peninger: Yeah. We try to look at, I’d say, somewhat long-term. We’ve used portfolio rate in the past then just given the decline, you know, we think we’re likely to divorce from that but we will look at, sort of, expected new money rates and what kind -- and probably discounted something consistent with that but we do try to take a bit of a longer-term view of the disability -- of the interest rate environment as soon we set that.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: And what would be the approximate new money rate it in that particular business at this point?
Mike Peninger: We are investing now. I’d say what Chris 5%?
Chris Pagano: Yeah. Well, the new money rate is going to be a function of the duration of the liability stream. I think in the blended rate throughout all the segments is somewhere in the four to 4.25 level, the rate though for disability block because it is a longer duration as probably north of 5%. But again that’s a number that moves around quite a bit and again the goal here for us is preserving the existing book yields but deploying it prudently in the new money rate environment.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, John.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Hey, good morning everybody. I’ve got a couple for you. I’m sure somebody else will get to the Health division. So I’ll pass on that. In specialty property, can you give us some help on quantifying how much the new customer you referenced added to the gross written premium this quarter for creditor-placed?
Rob Pollock: I don’t know that I have that with me right now, John, but I think a couple of things to think about here again our to look at our placement rates. And the placement rates have continued to go up on the prime block of business. Now the customer we brought in was a subprime client, remember the way that the business that’s added from that client is we got all the loans but we’re going to start placing new policies. So what will grade in overtime over the course of the next year, I believe. So again I think that the key thing because we’ve got other new clients coming on you know in the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year really relates to their particular placement rates and the way we are taking things on. Let me take that back. I guess, the client we added during the third quarter was a flat cancellation so that’s what causing a part of the rise in the gross written. And we can get the details, I just don’t happen to have that right now, John.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Okay. That would be helpful. I mean, it was just -- it was sort of staggeringly high this quarter and…
Mike Peninger: But the thing to remember with that gross written number just a little bit is as you can imagine with all the dynamics moving on in the healthcare market with loans moving around between servicers, you can have, you know, the gross written is moving around. Again I think gross earned is probably a better measure to look at in terms of what’s going on with the business. That portfolio, Rob mentioned, that’s flat cancel, John, is exactly why it’s hard to interpret the gross written because you get these kind of bounces around in that.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Okay. All right. Good. I’ll follow up with you guys. To more real quick ones, just how can you help us a little bit on how we should think about the pace of your capital management activities from here? You know the 460 million of capital cushion, you know, I assume there is more dividends that come up during 4Q or maybe right after fourth quarter. Hurricane season sort of behind us, can you just help us think about that?
Rob Pollock: Are you sure, it will help, John.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Yeah. Sure, it helps.
Rob Pollock: Yeah, exactly. So again I think that this is one of the real benefits of our business model, is that it generates a lot of free cash.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Yeah.
Rob Pollock: And our capital management priorities have been pretty consistent over time which is we want to use the capital to build the franchise but we don’t hold the capital. We give it back to shareholders if we don’t find those opportunities over a near-term period of time.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Okay. And then finally on solutions, the U.S. claims activity this quarter in the warranty and service contract business. How quickly can we expect that to be corrected and can you quantify maybe how much of a drag that was and maybe just in terms of thinking about the combined ratio for U.S. or I don’t know some other means, whatever, sort of, make sense to you?
Rob Pollock: Sure. I think we haven’t changed, sort of, our long-term target for this business, John, of being in the high 90s. And you do get a certain amount of bounce in that, I think and we did see as I said a bit of an uptick in some claim severity but there is no -- at least at this point, we certainly don’t believe there’s any kind of a systemic problem. So what we do is with every major client we sit down really, I think virtually every quarter and review experience in some detail client by client and to the extent, necessary, we’ll adjust the pricing or contract terms or whatever it takes to correct it. So that is what we are going through now is sitting down and it really is sort of a client-by-client story. Again there is some very ability, I think what Mike mentioned just remember to that Circuit City runs off and becomes a smaller portion of our earnings premium in every quarter, you know, that businesses run little more favorably 
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Yeah.
Rob Pollock: There’s nothing here that we at this point, have any concerns about, John.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Okay. I guess that’s really the point of my question is there anything here that needs to be corrected or is this just sort of a tough quarter for that business?
Rob Pollock: Again let’s look at our international combined ratio, okay so…
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Yeah, I get it 
Mike Peninger: John, in the second quarter, we thought we are on a 1% to 2% path is little low on that. We got a little more this quarter. I think things are pretty much trending as we think but they don’t go in a perfect straight line. They kind of we’ll bounce around, if we, you know, that line if we’ve got the right things in place. I think that’s all you’re seeing here.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: All right. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ed Spehar with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Ed.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Good morning. I had a few, I guess, a couple of specific and then may be a couple of bigger picture. The more specific question would be, Mike, when you talked about this discount rate, did you say the new claims discount rate is 5.25 today?
Mike Peninger: For discounting, we had a portfolio rate so all of our current reserves are at 5.25 yeah.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And so, I mean, historically you want to have some, sort of, margin between that discount rate, between your new money yield and discount rate right is that a less than 50 basis points or somewhere in that range?
Mike Peninger: It’s a little bit higher than that I think that somewhere in that range.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right and then I guess, the other question was on your comments on dividends. I think you said 450 million of dividends including 90 million of solutions restructuring. So does that mean sort of 360 million that relates to operating earnings?
Rob Pollock: Yeah.
Mike Peninger: Correct. Yeah 
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And so if I’m looking at, I mean, I stepped to update the model here by considering the fact that you didn’t have any caps this quarter, I mean the operating earnings number isn’t it going to be something like it’s 650 or more or something, in terms of…
Mike Peninger: I think the first thing, Ed, is that you can compare the 360 against what the operating earnings of the segments have been through three quarters. And then you can look at your forecast for the fourth quarter. Okay, operating…
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: That wasn’t a back door attempt to get a fourth quarter estimate by the way.
Chris Pagano: Ed, its Chris. Maybe I can help -- may be that I can help answer John’s question from earlier but you are absolutely on a right track. You know, if you look at segment NOI which when I look at that I think if you’re looking at the supplement, the first quarter lines of page five, that was $505 million through the first three quarters. We took 450, 90 of which was part of this capital efficiency effort at solutions. So we had 360 of dividend related to operating earnings. So what that tells you is there is 145 million of operating earnings that are still in the segments and available to take up as dividends in the fourth quarter. I will let you put in the number for fourth quarter earnings and give yourself a sense of what sort of dividend capacity or dividend plan, we are looking at in the fourth quarter. Now, the one thing to keep in mind is that the sum of these earnings are going to have to come off as extraordinary dividends that will require regulatory approval. It’s not typically been an issue in the past but we have to be careful about that. But you are on the right track in terms of thinking about what sort of earnings will come up in dividends in the fourth quarter.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And then as a related question, can you give us an update on what you think the debt capacity is?
Chris Pagano: Yeah. We still think it’s in the 3 to 500,000,000 range in terms of an opportunistic financing and again I think about that I think about a few things. One this is an extremely attractive time to be borrowing the challenges on the investment portfolio site or opportunities on the financing side. Having said that, any debt issue will result in interest costs and we are very focused on containing expenses. And we also know we have readily available capital in the form of holding company capital, existing deployable capital plus operating earnings.
Rob Pollock: And I just think the other thing in context to what Chris provided, Ed, is our ordinary dividend capacity is about 560. Is that…
Chris Pagano: I think this year it’s 526. That’s a function of 2009 earnings and so that goes back to this question of what would be deemed extraordinary and the additional regulatory approval that would be required.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay and then just finally, I guess, if I said to you that we were about to have a modest but sustained economic recovery and it began right now. How long would it take for -- if I look at the solution say it’s a 8% ROE and I understand there’s a lot of complicating factors, international versus domestic we have the time per written premiums to be earned but just can you give us some guidance as to if I told you that the world was going to be okay, how high could the ROE a couple years out?
Rob Pollock: Well, I can’t I think we have opportunities with economic recovery in all of the businesses, Ed. I think you’re seeing the improvement that’s taking place internationally. We get this scale, we think we can be of those 95% combined ratios in countries and we think the improvement we’re seeing our demonstration that we can get there. We think that wireless OEM, we have a variety of opportunities that we think are all going to allow us to price products that attract the returns in the business. And, of course, then we are dealing with a few the legacy businesses, where we can do anything about those things. You know the old Preneed runoff business, some of the domestic credit but all the new stuff is going to just help lift the ROE. And timing, you know, again I think we’ve made progress. This year, we will continue to make progress moving forward.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Rob, is this -- I mean, is this a business, I know, you’ve always had this 14 to 16 ROE target, obviously that seems extremely ambitious with the ROE at 8. So is this a business where there’s an opportunity for the returns to go up to 300 basis points in the short-term or is the kind of business unit everything is working, it’s a gradual, you know, very fortifying?
Rob Pollock: Lot of that, Ed, really is how the revenues come in. So the service contract business we know in general has that you write it, it’s held up on the balance sheet and comes out after the manufacturers warranty. Okay. But the wireless business, we like is it earns monthly. So it can come faster as we make progress in the wireless area. Remember, we think we’ve gotten that capital efficiencies, Chris, talked about. We think there’s more to get. We’re pursuing those as well. We obviously have to get more operationally efficient to. We are working on all those things. So I think you can see meaningful improvement. I haven’t quite centered it around basis point improvement in the ROE but I think we can see meaningful improvement. 
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. (Operator Instructions) Next, we will take a question from Mark Finkelstein with Macquarie.
Rob Pollock: Hi, good morning.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Good morning. I guess I’ll take the bait from Nadel on health. I don’t know where to start. Actually let me start here, what is on the new product, what is the average premium change to the consumer and what is the average commission change to the agent?
Rob Pollock: It’s a lower premium products. I don’t have those in particular, Mark, but in essence, if you look at the transition that’s going on, certainly addressing agent compensation is something that’s required at some point in time on all the products that fall under the legislation. Okay. So to me we’ve got a product offerings here that’s a lower price point to the buyer and still is a place where the distributor feels they can be compensated for their efforts. We still think that the affordability issue is huge in the marketplace, Mark. Consumers really want some lower cost options and so that’s what these plans are designed to give them.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Okay. And I guess you noted that, I mean, sales were a little bit sluggish, I guess, you’ve been out with this product for five or six weeks.
Rob Pollock: Yeah. We really started selling them only in the middle of September. So I think we’ve had some pretty positive early responses to them but it does take time and agents have to get used to the nuances and things like that.
Mike Peninger: I guess, the way I think about it, Mark is, look we’re adapting to a lot of change in one of the things we had to do was pull a bunch of product that weren’t in compliance with the health care reform laws and those had been big sellers. So to me, we pulled products. We modified others and added benefits and then we were able in short order to get a whole series of products filed and approved which to me probably put this out in front of others who might be looking at that and I think I just a real good indication of our ability to respond to those changes in the market. So boy when I look at those new product sales we are very encouraged and we all sold them for a half a month. Okay and didn’t have, if you will, the productivity in that affordability issue available to us for much of the third quarter.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Okay. I guess what I’m getting at initially is how should we even think about premium. We are in a period where we’ve got new products, we’ve got new benefit packages and at the same time the penalty to the individual for kind of not having a health plan doesn’t go into effect for a couple years. So I mean, how do we even think about premium?
Rob Pollock: Boy, the question, it’s a good question. I start with medical insurance for many is a demand product. They want to have coverage. They want to have access to the healthcare system and they are balancing all that against affordability. As we’ve sat down and done studies of individuals, they want to buy a plan that’s tailored to their healthcare needs, not something that’s prescribed to them, you must have these benefits and that’s where we see some of the issues between what’s been prescribed with the legislation and what individuals want and we’re going to sort through that and learn as we go through the transition period. But again we believe there is a huge opportunity around the affordability issue.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Okay. Maybe, I’ll take a shot at one last question on the Health issue. I guess, do you expect to make money in Health in 2011?
Rob Pollock: Well, again, we are waiting for a couple of things that are still coming through. I think that what HHS has proposed is, consistent with what we thought would happen, but there is still clarification required around transition relief agent commission in the issue on Texas. Again, I look at everything and say those are important issues that we need answers to. And we are trying to deal with all of them. But right now we just need to look at how those three are going to play through. We also need to know how states may come asking for any kind of dispensation from the rules and the short-term. And there’s just a lot to be played out here.
Mike Peninger: I think Rob’s listed a number of details to Mark. And when I think about it, we don’t know the specific rules because right now we are still -- the NAIC has made recommendations but HHS hasn’t signed off. We know that our loss ratios will go up next year because the MLR requirements come into effect. So the profitability will depend on the -- obviously, the loss ratio and the expense ratio and we are working hard to get more efficient effective in our operations. And so the pace of that improvement versus the change in the loss ratio starts to determine where you end up.
Rob Pollock: Very well said Mike. And I guess if you think about it the medical loss ratio, we started doing some pricing changes to reflect what we think things are going to be. But as Mike pointed out we are not quite sure what those are yet.
Mike Peninger: And we are able to do those a little faster on the new business because on the renewal business the in-force block that we re-priced, we sort of wanted to get more clarity around the transition rules. But all of this goes back to – look, when the dust settles here, we are going to sit down and spend time maybe have a workshop on what our strategy is and lay it out in more detail when we have a little more clarity on just how the market is going to evolve around these rules . And we’ll probably do that in the spring of next year.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Okay. Just one quick question on specialty property. The prime placement rate went up nicely in the quarter, 1.38% I think. I guess just given foreclosure moratorium et cetera. How do you expect that placement rate to trend going forward?
Mike Peninger: Yeah. I think that -- when I think about the prime placement rate, remember the prime-sub prime determinants are determined by the originator when the loan goes out. So I look at it and say in the prime market a lot of it’s been driven by the economy, okay. And is affected by things like unemployment et cetera. On the other hand we have issues now coming into play around the value of the home. And as home prices come down you can ask questions of G, if the loans greater than the houses value, how do you think about what happens there in the eyes of the homeowner? So it’s lagged the subprime side. It’s gone up quite a bit from where we’ve been. In particular, we do think that policies are staying on the books a little longer because of all the moratoriums.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question today will come from Jack Sherck with SunTrust.
Mike Peninger: Good morning Jack 
Jack Sherck – SunTrust: Thank you very much. Good morning. Question for you on the foreclosure moratoriums. I guess kind of where are your clients there now? This time -- was Wells Fargo still moving forward with them, but kind of where’s the rest of your client base, what are they thinking right now on that?
Rob Pollock: This is a very dynamic market in the whole area of foreclosures. You’ve got things going on at both the federal level and state-by-state level. What we are trying to do is help our mortgage servicers with whatever we can to help them serve their clients. If that involves trying to do things around providing loan modifications, we are doing that. But remember though, the mortgage services our client and we are trying to be as helpful as we can in whatever way to help them service their clients.
Jack Sherck – SunTrust: Okay. And then on the placement rates with the decline moving up nicely, I kind of expected the average insured value to start moving up also but it looks like it may have been topped out. And I know it always been the replacement cost of the home, but our home prices, is actually starting to have a bearing on that or kind of what’s going on there?
Rob Pollock: There’s many different factors. One of them is around geography, okay. So depending on where the issues are taking place, if it’s in a higher priced area versus lower price that can contribute. You can see that if you look, for instance at REO, the average insured value on REO is down and I believe it’s up on the creditor placed side. So a lot of that is really a function of geography because remember we typically are providing coverage for the last insured value which is a function of voluntary carrier.
Jack Sherck – SunTrust: Okay. And my final question just on share repurchase activity I know it slowdown in 3Q, because of respected of possible [card] activity. And since we didn’t have any so far -- still 400 million on that authorization, is that going to pick up again in 4Q? And what are your thoughts there?
Rob Pollock: Chris, you want to comment?
Chris Pagano: Sure. This is Chris. We are going to do what we always do which is reassess the situation, as we end the blackout associated with earnings. Again, the priorities remain the same though investing in the business either organically or through acquisitions. And then to the extent that there are not opportunities return capital to shareholders. Just one thing to point out on the repurchase if you look back at the first three quarters of activity, we are very pleased with the results we were able to -- because we have the financial flexibility to go in and retire, roughly 9% of outstanding shares at an average cost that was significantly below book as well as below current market. But, again, we will look at it and look to execute on the priorities as we always have with a focus on financial flexibility.
Jack Sherck – SunTrust: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And actually we are going to take another question from Steve Labbe with Langen McAlenney.
Rob Pollock: Hi, Steve.
Steve Labbe – Langen McAlenney: Good morning. Two quick ones. One you alluded to the goodwill impairment test that you will be doing at year end, I was curious if you could update us on the balances that would be most scrutinized or the most at risk of being written down and then…
Rob Pollock: We look at -- Sorry.
Steve Labbe – Langen McAlenney: That’s okay. We’ve can go that on first and then go back.
Rob Pollock: Okay. Yeah, we look at all of our segments real carefully, Steve. The current balances, I think is like 360 in the solutions segment, slightly more than 200 and Health which of course we look at carefully because of the impact of health care reform. Specialty property has got to 240 or so and then there’s about 100 employee benefits.
Steve Labbe – Langen McAlenney: But I would guess that the specialty property balance and the employee benefits balance would be -- in theoretically at least less at risk than the former two.
Rob Pollock: Remember on all the, Steve, this is an accounting exercise with just a lot of assumptions related to it. So, again, we run through things and we had -- we took a goodwill write-off in AEB last year and it is just kind of works through this mechanical process.
Steve Labbe – Langen McAlenney: Okay. Second question, you alluded to the higher pension and retirement costs. To all of those and the numbers that you’ve quoted, are those running through the corporate line?
Rob Pollock: No. They actually go out to all the businesses. I think roughly 25% go through corporate and then the other 75% are distributed throughout the business units.
Steve Labbe – Langen McAlenney: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up from John Nadel with Sterne Agee.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: I figured if we still had a few minutes may as well. So I think we’re really well aware of your priorities for capital management. I just want to come back to the case and maybe go about it this way. Are there properties or opportunities in the acquisition pipeline right now that we should be thinking about as potentially delaying the deployment of capital, as you guys work through those opportunities?
Rob Pollock: We are always looking at things, John. But I think that we kind have taken -- if you look at acquisition opportunities, I think one of the things we’ve mentioned is anything we’ve looked at and it can be acquisition, it can be if someone wants to sign up a new client -- any of those kinds of things. We’ve got to evaluate those opportunities against the share price. And evaluate in acquisition against cost of capital. And we write new business at attractive rates, et cetera. Saying all that, we think the share price is still attractive and that’s part of the work we will go through in evaluating anything.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay. And then last one for me is, just you mentioned maybe once or twice on this call wireless opportunities. And I guess I’m just wondering if you could give us an update on your expectations around landing a reasonably sized sort of new clients in the wireless space. I believe if memory serves correctly it was sort of an expectation of trying to get something accomplished by the end of this year. And just wondering where you are and where your optimism just sets around that opportunity?
Rob Pollock: Absolutely. So when we did the signal acquisition, we said it would be important that we land a major client and we identified in the U.S. Okay.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Okay.
Rob Pollock: Over a three-year period of time what’s happened thus far, is we’ve landed clients internationally, which are equally as good to us. We understand -- we understood the U.S. market better but we’ve learned a lot about the international market as well. So we like the space. We like the profile of -- there’s only 15 or 20 of these guys worldwide that matter. And we think we’re good at dealing with large clients. We also have pointed out that the cycle to land one of these clients is a long cycle. And many of them were locked up under long-term relationships, which fits our model well to. So I’m pleased with the progress we are making, we will report out on – hopefully, when we land clients on a regular basis.
Chris Pagano: I might also add, John just, we don’t have one of the largest four in the US but even domestically we’ve got great relationships with several clients that we’ve had for quite sometime. We’ve been able to expand and make enhancements to the programs we offer to them and that gives us a nice basis for going in and selling our value proposition internationally, to I think it brings a lot -- gives us a lot of credibility.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: And just if I may follow-up real quick, without naming any names of course. These sort of long cycle long contracts that come up sort of every so often for an opportunity for you guys to make your pitch. If you’re talking about 15 or 20 worldwide that truly matter and I’m sure that doesn’t include some that you would still like to get but just aren’t quite as material. Are any of those in the process, where there contract is coming up within the say the next 6 to 12 months?
Rob Pollard: Yeah. We are talking to many of them, John. I think I’d say I don’t know Mike says all of them. I don’t know if I’d go quite to all of them but I’d say the majority of them.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: Well, I guess my question is this. Is there an opportunity -- I would expect you’re talking and working with all of them to assess the possibility. But if a contract is not coming up with whoever they are with today…
Rob Pollard: There are some contracts coming up John.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: That’s my question. All right. Thank you.
Rob Pollard: We feel really good about the value we can provide there. We’ve worked to tailor the value proposition on a by-client basis. And, again, this really plays to our sweet spot of working with large employer -- large relationships whether it’s retail, OEM or service providers.
John Nadel – Sterne Agee: I certainly wouldn’t disagree. Thanks.
Rob Pollard: Okay.
Operator: And we do have another follow-up from Ed Spehar with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: You paid for the hour. You going to use the hour.
Rob Pollard: We love that.
Mike Peninger: Otherwise, I got to go back to other work.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: All right. I guess the question on the Health business. I think that -- I’m not sure if you have any other choice right now other than to make a go at it and I think that’s maybe what you’re doing. But I guess the question is how much would you tolerate in terms of losses if you, in that business? As you kind of work through and try to figure out what the right strategy is or how to approach a post or foreign market? Should we be thinking about some lower limit of how poorly this one segment could do in the near-term?
Rob Pollard: Well, again, a couple different things. First is, I think we pointed out that we have a strategy that we think does not require us providing a lots of additional capital to execute. Okay. So I think that is one thing we’ve pointed out. So we think whatever needs to be done there can be self financed. We also think that this is a specialty business. And that we can earn attractive returns. I continue to say in the long-term we think, we can get to that 4% after-tax margin on a business with the low capital requirement, be a good return. Now that’s when transition is fully implemented, 2014 and we’ve got work to do between today and then add and that is what we are working on.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I mean think about the free cash flow of the business and you talk about this year being the operating earnings as a reasonable proxy. Going forward, should we -- I guess it’s not going to matter that much in terms of Health whether that’s in there or not, but do you suspect that whatever we talk about funding this business, it’s whatever earnings this segment is generating that is what’s required to sort of fund to your efforts there?
Rob Pollard: I think so. And, again, we will have a little more clarity around these open items and I think be able to lay it out a little bit more, Ed, when we see how things work through HHS. But there is no material capital required from the other businesses to put in the Health business.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Rob Pollard: Yeah. So I want to thank everyone for joining us today and we look forward to updating you on our progress on our next call. We’ll see you in -- I guess that will be in February. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you sir this does conclude Assurant Third Quarter 2010 Call. Please note that a replay will be available as of 11 AM. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett – SVP, IR Rob Pollock – President and CEO Mike Peninger – EVP and CFO Chris Pagano – EVP and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch John Nadel – Sterne, Agee Jeff Schuman – KBW Steven Schwartz – Raymond James Jack Sherck – SunTrust 
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant’s second quarter 2010 financial results conference call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks, we will open it up for questions. Instructions will be given at that time. Now, at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Melissa Kivett: Thanks Michelle. Welcome to Assurant’s 2010 second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant; Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer. Prepared remarks will last about 20 minutes and then we will open up the call to questions. Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer, is also here for questions. Yesterday we issued a news release announcing our second quarter 2010 financial results. The news release, as well as corresponding supplemental financial information is available on our Web site at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during today’s call may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results may differ materially from those projected in those forward-looking statements. We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you to consider the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2009 Form 10-K and subsequently filed forms 10-Q and 8-K, which you can find on our Web site. Assurant undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additionally, the presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the Company’s performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday’s earnings release and the supplementary financial information that we have on our Web site. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Pollock.
Rob Pollock: Thanks Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Our results for the first half of 2010 are solid. We are achieving year-over-year profit improvement because of disciplined decision making and our ability to adapt and better position our businesses. Actions include redesigning products, reducing expenses and when necessary adjusting prices. We are adding new clients, retaining existing accounts and finding opportunities in the areas we have targeted for growth. Overall, we are encouraged and believe our year-to-date results demonstrate the strength of our specialty strategy. Let me begin by providing some financial highlights on the quarter as well as our outlook for the year. In the second quarter, we generated an annualized operating return on equity of 12.7%. All of our businesses saw results improved from the similar period in 2009. Specialty property led results for the quarter. We are building long-term value for our shareholders as demonstrated by a 3.8% increase in our diluted book value per share during the quarter and a 7.3% increase since year end. This excludes the impact of accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI. During the quarter, we took advantage of what we believe is an attractive share price by repurchasing 6.1 million shares for about $215 million. We also paid $18 million in dividends as we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.16 per share. This is the sixth consecutive year we have raised our dividend. So in total, we returned $233 million of capital to shareholders during the second quarter. In July, through the 23rd, we’ve repurchased an additional 910,000 shares for slightly less than $33 million. We have slowed repurchase activity as we enter hurricane season. We ended the second quarter with $575 million in corporate capital, up about $100 million from the end of the first quarter. This includes about $80 million in capital, we were able to free up in our Solutions business. Remember, we’re holding a $250 million capital buffer for tail-event risk leaving $325 million in deployable capital. For the year, we expect to dividend all of the businesses’ earnings to corporate unless there are material changes to A.M. Best capital formulas. Overall, our solid capital position continues to provide us with a sufficient buffer against risk and great financial flexibility. Now let me make a few comments on the business results and our future outlook. Assurant Specialty Property had another terrific quarter. We added the new client with $550,000 subprime loans. We also benefited from our partnership with a specialty servicer who added subprime loans to their portfolio. In combination, these two wins help mitigate the macro trends of declining loan originations and subprime loans outstanding. At Assurant Solutions, we continued to see improvement in the U.K. operating results. Our international combined ratio improved 50 basis points from the first quarter, slightly below our goal. However, we’ve added several new clients in Latin America and incurred some costs associated with adding them. We still expect the fourth quarter international combined ratio to be in the range of 103 to 105, which is consistent with our previously discussed targets. The slowdown in consumer spending continues to hurt retail sales. However, we are finding new clients, both internationally and domestically, to increase our sales. Finally, our OEM and wireless strategies have us well positioned for long-term growth, especially when consumer spending rebounds. Moving to Assurant Employee Benefits, our results were good as experience continues to be favorable. However, small business clients continue to be challenged by a difficult economic environment. In order to achieve efficiencies, make our products more competitive and position the business for growth, Employee Benefits made the difficult decision to reduce its workforce, to make the Company stronger moving forward. Even in this difficult environment, we’ve been able to grow through Disability RMS, our alternative distribution channel. We continue to invest in our voluntary capabilities to remain positioned to meet employer and employee needs for the long term. At Assurant Health, we are seeing improvement in the core business due to the pricing and product actions we’ve discussed with you in the past. The key long-term question at Assurant Health revolves around our response to the impact of health care reform. During the second quarter, we completed an extensive review of our Health business, and considered a number of possible future strategies for the business. Three critical themes emerged from our work. First, we believe there is a significant opportunity in the individual medical marketplace. Second, although the dynamics and characteristics of the post-reform market are different, they will still require specialty expertise. And third, we believe we can earn attractive returns in the business over the long-term without making large commitments of corporate capital. With the approval of our Board, we are moving forward with our comprehensive business plan to position ourselves for what we believe the future will be. All of the healthcare reform transition rules are not in place. As of September 24, several new provisions go into effect. Others, including new minimum loss ratio requirements, begin in January 2011. We’ve already filed new product offerings that will be available to both new and existing customers. We also know that modifications in how we operate will be necessary. We will need to lower the cost of doing business. And while agents will continue to play a critical role in distribution of our products, they will need to do it even more efficiently in the future. Last month, we announced the Don Hamm, will retire in January and Adam Lamnin, currently Chief Operating Officer, will move into the role of President and CEO at Assurant Health. Adam is a great example of the deep leadership bench we have within our Company. He has been responsible for the development, marketing, pricing, and selling of Assurant Health’s products for the last year. Since March, Adam has led our Health Care Reform Working Group which has built the roadmap for how we will operate moving forward. Together, Don and Adam are executing on this plan for the future and restructuring the business for the changes necessary for success. Remember, we have a long history of successfully adapting to changes in the marketplace. As always, our commitment is to pursue the best course of action for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. With that, I will turn it over to Mike who will talk further about the operating results for each business. Mike?
Mike Peninger: Thanks Rob. We referred to our efforts to streamline and target growth opportunities and in-depth look at our second quarter results for each business demonstrates our progress. I will start with Assurant Specialty Property, which produced another strong quarter with improvements in both loss and expense ratios versus the second quarter of 2009. The loss ratio improved for the quarter and the year despite nearly $5 million of catastrophe related after-tax losses from the recent Tennessee storms. As a reminder, we had no reportable catastrophes during 2009. Even after adjusting for restructuring charges in the second quarter of 2009, expense ratios improved for the quarter and the year him due to efficiency gains and reduced commission expenses associated with additional premium ceded declines. Net earned premiums for the quarter and six months were level after adjusting for the unearned premium reserve change we disclosed last quarter. Growth in creditor-placed homeowners, creditor-placed flood and renters insurance was offset by lower real estate owned premiums. In addition, and as we discussed at year-end, changes in certain client contracts are causing increased amounts of creditor-placed homeowners premiums to be ceded to clients. We are very pleased to announce that we will add 730,000 new subprime loans later this year. In addition to the new client Rob mentioned, an existing client added 180,000 new loans from an acquisition. These loans will be added to our portfolio in the fourth quarter and will begin to gradually produce premium in the first quarter of 2011. We will also see premium production beginning in the third quarter from an 80,000 loan subprime portfolio we won in the fourth quarter of last year. From a loan count perspective, these additions will be partially offset by the loss of 550,000 prime loans later this year, which are transferring to other services. The loss of these loans will not have a significant impact on our revenue due to the low prime penetration rates. So while we still expect our credit replaced revenue to decline in the future as the housing market recovers, our new clients will help mitigate the impact of a declining mortgage loan inventory, particularly in subprime loans. During the second quarter, we announced the completion of our 2010 catastrophe reinsurance program and complete details are available on our Web site. We also added a table detailing the geographic distribution of our total insured values on page 12 of our financial supplement. Overall, we are very pleased with Specialty Property’s results for the first half of the year. I’ll now turn to Assurant Health, which reported improved results for the quarter and six months, as corrective pricing and plan design changes reduced loss ratios and we realized savings from 2009 expense initiatives. Net operating income for the quarter increased versus second quarter of 2009. The current quarter includes a $17.4 million after-tax benefit from the settlement of a previously disclosed Colorado lawsuit for less than the original judgment. Second quarter 2009 earnings were negatively impacted by a $9 million charge for reserve strengthening. Net earned premiums were flat for the quarter and down year-to-date. High lapse rates driven by the increasing cost of medical coverage continued to negatively impact our results. Total sales of individual medical policies were down slightly for the quarter versus 2009 due to modifications to some of our products in response to health care reform, and we’re up slightly for the six months. While total sales are flat, the split of our sales by product is changing dramatically. We are seeing tremendous growth in sales of our Health Access plans, which provide more affordable coverage to consumers desiring access to the health care system and a corresponding reduction in sales of more traditional major medical products. As Rob described, Assurant Health made significant progress during the second quarter and is well on the way toward adapting its business model for the new environment. We will refine our strategy as the regulations affecting our business are issued. Next, I’ll turn to Assurant Employee Benefits, where net operating income rose slightly for the quarter and increased significantly for the six-month period compared to 2009. We have experienced very favorable disability incidents, fewer challenges in transitioning claimants back to work, and excellent life mortality this year. We continue to see modest improvement in dental loss ratios due to pricing actions taken in 2009. Net operating income for the quarter was reduced by a $4.4 million after-tax restructuring charge related to our workforce reduction, compared to a similar $1.5 million charge in the second quarter of 2009. This reduction will ultimately lower Employee Benefits’ annualized expenses by $12 million. Net earned premiums for the quarter and six months of 2010 grew as a result of the addition of the previously disclosed Shenandoah Life Block and assumed business from clients at Disability RMS in 2009. The new DRMS clients in Shenandoah accounted for $30 million of premium in the second quarter and $65 million for the six months, and are on track to add $100 million of premiums for the full year. While we’re pleased with our second quarter results, remember that the low frequency, high severity nature of our life and disability products can cause loss ratio severity from quarter-to-quarter. We believe our voluntary products and services are well suited for the current challenging environment for small businesses. I’ll now turn to Assurant Solutions, where second quarter results were leveled with the same period last year after adjusting for the second quarter 2009 restructuring charge of $2.4 million. I should also note that the Solutions’ tax rate has been high in 2010. Due to changes in the mix of our earnings by country and increases in state income taxes, it is likely to remain elevated for the next several quarters. Second quarter results benefited from improved underwriting experience in the U.K. and cost savings realized from expense reductions in the fourth quarter of 2009. We continue to believe, we will see reductions of 100 to 200 basis points per quarter in our international combined ratios. While we have seen modest sales growth at a handful of clients, we are still not seeing a meaningful pickup in retail sales in the U.S. Domestically, total gross written premiums are down as credit business continues to run off. Despite weak consumer spending, sales for domestic service contract business increased. New client growth including a one-time assumption of $11 million of premiums in the quarter and increased vehicle service contract sales contributed to the quarterly increase. It’s important to remember that gross written premiums in the second quarter of 2009 included $29 million from a one-time campaign with Ford Motor Company. International gross written premiums grew by more than 18% during the quarter due to new client additions in Latin America and favorable foreign exchange rates. Net earned premiums for Solutions were down for the quarter and the first half of the year; however, international net earned premiums for the first half of the year increased 17% due primarily to growth from both new and existing clients in Canada and Latin America. Domestic earned premiums decreased due to the impact of lower service contract written premiums in 2009 and the continued runoff of business in areas we are not targeting for growth. Preneed continues to be a strong performer for Solutions. Operating income excluding the impact of the CPI CAP was up over 20% in the quarter and 40% for the six months versus the comparable periods in 2009. Second quarter sales in our Canadian preneed business were up substantially versus 2009. The increase was driven by the impact of a higher consumer tax rate that went into effect July 1 in certain provinces. This change added about $50 million of state sales during the quarter to the normal run rate for Canada. We have a strong business model in preneed and our sales outlook is positive as our partner, SCI continues to expand its market share. In summary, we are pleased with Solutions’ results for the quarter and its efforts to grow its client roster in a challenging economic climate. We continue to focus on managing expenses and improving the profitability of our international business. Turning now to Corporate, results reflect an after-tax restructuring charge of $3 million due to a corporate workforce reduction. This will decrease our annualized expenses by approximately $11 million. Our corporate areas support our businesses, and these reductions are consistent with efforts to achieve efficiency across all areas of Assurant. Moving to the balance sheet, our investment portfolio appreciated by $334 million from 2009 and we had $604 million of net unrealized gains at June 30, 2010. We generated $19.1 million of net realized gains during the quarter, including $1.9 million of other than temporary impairments Our investment income has stabilized increasing modestly during the past two quarters, as we are finding attractive risk-adjusted yields compared to holding cash. In summary, we are pleased with second quarter and first half year results. We made significant progress on many of the initiatives that we have discussed with you in the past and look forward to continuing our progress in the second half of the year. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks Mike. Let me recap with a few comments about 2010 before we move to Q&A. We are refining the customer needs in a changing environment with a variety of new products across our Specialty platform. We’re not waiting for the economic recovery as we work to grow our business, as seen by new client additions in Specialty Property, Solutions and Employee Benefits. We are becoming more efficient with $23 million in expense reductions to better position our businesses for the future. We continue to grow and manage our capital to enhance flexibility, protect against future risks and deliver value to our shareholders. To summarize, we are demonstrating notable progress in 2010. At this time, I would like to open the floor for questions. Operator, we’re ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Vinay Misquith, Credit Suisse.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: There has been some news lately about the potential for Balboa being sold. Could you provide us some metrics as to what you look at in terms of ROE accretion or earnings of book value accretion when looking to make an acquisition?
Rob Pollock: Sure. Well, let me start in general, Vinay, and say, we can’t comment on any specific deal, but we’ve said we are always looking to grow our business both organically and opportunistically through acquisitions. Historically, we said, we’d either build our current Specialty businesses out or look for new niches through our M&A area, and we have very disciplined criterion for how we look at things, and let me turn things over to Chris Pagano and he can outline some of those things.
Chris Pagano: Yes, the valuation methodology starts with, as with any alternative we look at, it doesn’t make sense strategically, how does it fit in with the Specialty strategy. The next criteria we look at is the purchase price, does it produce the return that’s in line with our target expectations for the risks we’re taking on, which is at a minimum, the excess of our cost of capital, which right now is probably somewhere in the 10% to 12% range. We also look at deals based upon cash flows, what is the internal rate of return, and if we find that to be an attractive opportunity, we then start to think about the GAAP reporting issues. The other thing we think about is our financial situation. Again, what is our current capital position? Do we have flexibility to do a deal? But the deal has to stand on its own merits. The fact that we can make an acquisition doesn’t mean that we should or that we will. So, again, the common element here is discipline when we think about M&A and the capital position that we’re in.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Would it be fair enough to assume that with the excess capital and debt capacity, you have more than $1 billion of capital…
Chris Pagano: If you look at what we have available at the end of the second quarter in terms of deployable capital, it’s about $325 million, as Rob mentioned. When I thinking about debt capacity, I think about what do we have available to make an opportunistic capital rise. Right now, we’ve got a 17% debt to total cap. We think there is probably 5% or 6% of additional debt capacity that we can take on at this point, which is about somewhere in the $500 million range, but the fact is we have no need for that right now because we have a source of capital in the form of the operating earnings that we’ve been able to dividend up to the holding company. Debt capacity as it relates to a specific use of proceeds is a different discussion. It’s one that involves collaboration with the rating agencies, discussions about short-term and long-term debt ratios and plans for what the capital structure look like going forward. I can tell you when we think about our capital structure, we have tremendous flexibility to if we do identify a deal that makes sense to further optimize our capital structure and that puts us in a very good position going forward.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Should we expect a reduction in the near term of your stock repurchase program just while you evaluate opportunities?
Chris Pagano: What we’ve done and you can look at the most recent 10b5-1 program that we put in place in early May, we were buying at a more aggressive pace through the second quarter, in July, which is really just about disciplined capital management recognizing we’re going into hurricane season and we want to make sure that we have sufficient capital to protect the balance sheet in the event of an active storm season. We don’t comment on our programs going forward, but I can tell you that we will make an assessment as we go into the open period based upon earnings expectations, our ability to access those dividends and where we think we will be going forward. But we do feel pretty good about our ability to get at the operating earnings for the rest of the year.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Second question on the Health Insurance segment. The expense ratio went down to 29%. Was that because of a one-time issue or is it because of expense actions being taken and do you expect that to go down more in the future?
Mike Peninger: Well Health has been working for quite some time on their expense ratios, Vinay. They took some actions last year and we’re starting the process of adapting the business model as we talked about the health care reform scenario. So there are lots of different moving pieces there. We feel good about the progress Health is making and their results are trending in line with what we talked to you in the past about. We’ve instituted variety of changes over the course of the year in response to the experience problems of last year.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Have you taken rate reductions now in September for next year assuming that you need to have an 80% MLR already?
Mike Peninger: Well, we will be starting to adjust our new business rates in the fourth quarter. On the renewal block, which, of course, is the much bigger portion of our business now, we’re sort of looking at all the dialogue going on at the NAIC level, and as you know, the transition rules have not yet been defined by HHS, and so, once we get clarity on what those rules are, we will make our pricing decisions going into next year.
Rob Pollock: But all of these things Vinay that Mike just outlined I think provide a good example of our adapting to what’s going on and show our ability to be very nimble and pivot to changes in regulation in the marketplace.
Operator: Mark Finkelstein, Macquarie.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: You’ve probably spent all day on Health, but let me just ask you a couple of specific questions. One, can you actually just talk a little bit about how you’re thinking about a pricing strategy in Health, in a MLR scenario that will be coming into plan. I guess what I’m asking is, when you re-price this business, are you essentially re-pricing to the minimal loss ratio level, or are you going to be setting across states materially below that with the assumption that you end up giving back, some of that back to a policyholders?
Rob Pollock: Well, just a couple of things. One, I think when you look at things; the game is different, right? The game used to be minimized the combined ratio. Now the thing is operate within the realm of what’s available to the Company. So that’s the difference between whatever you collect and however the minimum loss ratio is defined. So I think it’s probably prudent to put yourself in a position where refunding has benefit over not pricing for enough, Mark.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Are there any states where you’re currently over the 80% or, what, minimum loss ratio by kind of the new calculation?
Rob Pollock: We don’t know what’s the new calculation is, so that’s difficult to know, we certainly look at our experience in each of those separate jurisdictions, but again, it’s a bit premature until a little bit more is decided here. I guess one additional factor into that question is really the credibility. If you’ve got very incise blocks by State 2 and I think some of the working groups at the NAIC are talking about how to adjust for credibility, but I come back and say, okay, we’ve just gone through the big study and our belief is there is a room for a very vibrant market here where we think we can earn good returns.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: I guess maybe just a press on that, what are good returns in this world?
Rob Pollock: Sure. Well, we’ve looked historically at things where the returns on equity would be in the 20% range.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Even without a full understanding of the calculation, I know there’s enough stuff out there and how those taxes are going to be applied, but you still think that’s sustainable in the new world?
Rob Pollock: Well, we do. Remember, Mark, there is all the things with transition, and so we’ve talked about we think there is attractive returns in the long term, and in the near term, we’ve got to wait for those rules to be published.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Just on the Health side, just a little bit more on margins, if my math is correct, after backing off the reserve release, the actual after-tax margin was essentially flattish, but actually slightly down sequentially? I know you’re targeting kind of a 4% after-tax by the end of the year. How should we think about that target in light of maybe a little bit of slippage in the quarter relative to an expectation that margins will continue to improve with re-pricing?
Rob Pollock: A couple of things we said, prior to anything with health care reform, we think we’re on track and continue to be for a 4% after-tax margin in the fourth quarter. There are a variety of different things that can go on in any quarter. We see nothing in our experience that says that we don’t believe the 4% is not achievable.
Mike Peninger: Yes, we feel good. I mean, obviously, you can get minor variances quarter-to-quarter, but as Rob said, we feel like the experience is tracking very consistently with our assumption.
Rob Pollock: The other one I’d point to is what Mike talked about a little bit is, we are seeing quite a difference in the products that we’re selling. So, again, I think that’s a demonstration of our adapting to changes in the marketplace and we always want to just make sure with those new products that we’re analyzing them appropriately and we believe we are.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: One final question, just a follow-up on Vinay’s question on how do you think about accretion in an M&A scenario? I guess I would ask this question is, when you look at a deal, would you look at it on its own merits in respect of a normal, call it in your case, 80-20 equity-debt structure requiring a normalized equity cost to capital against that and therefore if it’s accretive on those merits, the deal work or would you think about in the context on significant debt capacity and significant excess capital sitting on the balance sheet and it could survive on those merits?
Chris Pagano: Well, I think there are two separate issues. The capital structure benefits from having debt capacity, having excess holding company capital to deploy is separate from the deal and how it stands on a normalized debt-to-cap structure. So they are two separate things.
Rob Pollock: Right, but again, going back to what Chris outlined, remember we’re going to come to you with a deal that makes sense on the cash flows because our business model is very oriented toward generating free cash flow. And then we’ll move over to the GAAP accounting, and with all the changes that have and will continue to go on with acquisition accounting, it’s got to pass that first hurdle. I don’t care if it produces good GAAP results; if it’s not producing good cash flows, we’re not going to be interested.
Operator: Ed Spehar, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: First, I just wanted to get some clarity on Chris’s dividend comments or maybe, Rob, you had said, expected dividend all earnings to Corporate for the year. What does that mean from sort of starting from where we are today? What have you taken up already in dividends and how do we think about what that, when you say all earnings, do you mean, we can look at GAAP earnings and roughly guess that’s what it’s going to be or how do we think about that?
Rob Pollock: Yes, I think you start with GAAP and stat can be slightly different. We’re going to take all the earnings that can come out from the A.M. Best formulas. I think GAAP is a pretty good proxy for that Ed. I’ll let Chris comment a little bit on capital moves, but just start with pointing out, we did point out that and freed some capital and solutions that we moved up during the second quarter. Chris, why don’t you add on that?
Chris Pagano: Yes, just maybe a couple of comments about what’s happened so far and then you can think about it going forward. Again, in the context of being comfortable that we can get all the GAAP earnings from the operating segments up in the form of dividends; during the first quarter, we basically took no dividends and that’s typical with our capital management strategy, which is to backend load with dividends towards the end of the year. Second quarter, we were able to take up more than the earnings in the Solution segment, again, roughly another $80 million which is about half of the targeted $150 million or so that we’ve talked about. We took up less than the first half property earnings in the second quarter. So if you want to think about some additional capacity there from property, but again of course, the big variable to what the earnings are going to look like and that’s where CAT season comes into play, and that’s why we’re going to be prudent with our holding company capital as we go into the peak of the season.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Is it possible to just tell us what the number was you took up, if you go across all those subs?
Mike Peninger: We took up, let’s see, I think we took up roughly $275 million or so of operating of dividends in the second quarter, though again, in excess of second-quarter earnings obviously, but less than the first-half earnings.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And then I wanted to go back to Health and I guess, Rob, I wanted you to help us understand how you thought about this decision relative to how you thought about going back early in the decade, long-term care and variable annuities? When you decided to get out of those two businesses, there was a lot of excitement about both of those product lines and you looked at the business and said, we’re not big enough, we don’t have enough of a position, it’s not going to be something that we’re going to be able to be dominant in, so let’s get out of it. And then we get to Health, and it seems like we’re heading in a direction of a market that’s very different than what you guys have played in previously. You’ve never wanted to be in states where there’s community rating, right? Isn’t reform sort of taking us in the direction of that across the board?
Rob Pollock: Yes.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So how did you think about this because there was always a thought of this sort of a good decision in VA and long-term care, obviously in hindsight a great decision, but could you just help us understand?
Rob Pollock: Sure, absolutely. I think the first thing is with everything that’s happened and been passed in the world of reform, it’s hard to sort out, what is the market going to look like? Okay. We believe the individual market, which is pretty good size today is going to expand. I know medical all gets one together, but there are many different verticals operating within the health insurance marketplace and we believe that the health insurance market is going to continue to be a specialty marketplace with skills we can lever. Now you bring up the issue of things like community rating. Our historical strength has been world-class risk management around underwriting, but we, in looking of things, have said that’s kind of a 1.0 version of risk management. In the new world, we’re going to move to risk management 2.0. It’s going to have different characteristics, but it will still be important. We think the fundamental issue of looking at how the consumer buys health care is still going to be complicated and they are going to look for help in consultation on how to access and navigate the system. And then, on all of that, hey, that’s all interesting, but can you earn attractive returns there? We think we can. So, again, it’s based on a set of assumptions, some of those, Mike mentioned, the success we’re having with new plans. We think all those fit in as part of our future, but we’re going to play things out and evaluate what we think is an exciting future here moving forward, and we think we’re going to be right.
Mike Peninger: At the end of day, this is a huge growth opportunity we think for us and plays to our strength that we’ve used in the past can adapt to the future.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: If I could just ask one more on the strategy. First, could you remind us, you had given us at some point what roughly I think the size of Balboa was relative to your forced-placed business? Do you have any update on that or just a rough number for us?
Rob Pollock: Again, given that BofA has kind of announced that that they are putting the thing up for sale, we are just not going to comment on any of this stuff.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Even just on market share?
Rob Pollock: Well, again, everybody measures things a little bit differently. We’ve looked at things in terms of loans tracked and we believe on the basis of loans tracked, we represent about two-thirds of the market.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Do you think that in terms of market, when we are thinking about market concentration this is viewed as a homeowners’ insurance market not as forced-placed market?
Rob Pollock: Again, that to me, we’re not commenting, Ed, on the specifics of the deal.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: That’s fine. And I guess the real question around this is, let’s just say that something happened there, that there was an attractive an attractive deal; does anything you do M&A wise potentially impact your decision on the Health side? If something came up outside of Health as an attractive opportunity, is there a point where Health would just be viewed as too much of a management distraction with too much uncertainty for an extended period of time where you might revisit that strategy?
Rob Pollock: To me, Ed, we think the specialty platform strategy is the basis of what we are trying to do. I think we will continue to execute that way. Remember, each of the businesses is very focused on what they do and we think that our whole strategy to maximize shareholder value is enhanced by how we come at the market and we think that’s exactly what we’re trying to do in Health is maximize things for both the shareholder and our existing customer base.
Operator: John Nadel, Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: A couple of quick ones. Can you give us a bit more detail about the international combined ratio? I mean you guys mentioned that the U.K. continues to show some modest improvement but there were some new client acquisition cost that may be masked that a bit. Do you feel like underlying the new client acquisition costs that you got those 100 basis points to 200 basis points of improvement in the quarter?
Mike Peninger: Yes, I think the new client additions were probably in the half the 50 basis points to 70 basis points, something like that, John. (inaudible) out were sort of in the range. Now that was normal vaguer. We feel good about the experience in the U.K. as I said and that continues to track nicely and we’re still feeling good about our ability to deliver the combined over the course of the year that we talked about with you earlier.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: And then how do we think about that? So if you had some new client additions that maybe dragged that combined ratio improvement by 50 basis points to 70 basis points, does that quickly go away? Like, how does that happen? Do we have to wait for those new clients to start generating real premium for you? I guess I assume that’s the case.
Mike Peninger: Yes, I think that’s the way it works. You’ve got to install the clients and get everything set up to accommodate the business and then the business starts to roll in and starts to offset those.
Rob Pollock: As we talked about in solutions, John, it will depend on what type of business. So if it’s extended warranties with long manufacturer’s warranty periods, it will take longer. If it’s monthly paid credit, it will come sooner. Again, I think that, to me, we think we are finding opportunities in this tough environment and we’re going to take advantage of them.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: And then switching over to Specialty Property, could you just go through those numbers again? The loans that are coming on, the loans that are going off and give us a sense for how quickly, especially with the subprime loans coming on, I believe you mentioned really the large majority of that coming on in the fourth quarter, starting earned premium in the first quarter of 2011, is that just as they get new placements of policies or are you actually going to be taking on a book that’s already got placements intact?
Rob Pollock: Yep. So, again, we point out that those portfolios will begin being tracked in the fourth quarter, given how our model operates. We send out notifications, et cetera, and it’s not a flat cancellation, John, which I think is what you are alluding to but rather on additional placements moving forward. That’s how we’ll pick the premium. So it will come on gradually over the course of 2011.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: That’s interesting. I mean if it’s already placed and it’s not a flat cancellation, I mean do you actually really expect any meaningful placements to occur? Hasn’t that ship already sailed?
Rob Pollock: We think we’ll get placements here, John. So we’re talking about a 550,000 loan portfolio from a new client. We’re talking about another 180,000 that were assumed by one of sub-servicers, and then Mike talked about the 80,000 that will come on actually from the prior client we won in the fourth quarter of last year, and they’re producing a little bit sooner.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: And then lastly, I’m going to come back to you and directly on Balboa and you may not feel that you can answer this question, but I’m going to come to you this way. About two years ago, when Bank of America acquired Countrywide, it was widely speculated then that they wouldn’t own Balboa for very long. I think you guys actually at the time were reasonably open about that there was pieces of Balboa, the credit replaced for instance, of course, that made a lot of sense as you looked at it, and there were pieces of Balboa that they engage in businesses that you are either not in or don’t really want to be in, like mortgage insurance. Does that remain the same in terms of your overall thought about that property?
Rob Pollock: Given BofA’s announcement of their intention to sell, I don’t think any of this is appropriate for us to talk.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: So one more quick one on the health claim going your way or sort of being reversed. Can you just give us a quick update on other rescission-oriented claims out there and where things stand? I mean, this seem to be a very positive development relative to what we might be thinking about others?
Mike Peninger: Yes, we continue to work down through our inventory of litigation. I think we talked about it our claims there were 16 at year end. That active inventory is now down to only three rescission claims that are in progress now. So, we feel like we continue to work through that and we’ve talked a lot about the enhancements we’ve made or improvements and continual improvements we made in our process and how the effort we take to treat people fairly, and so we’re feeling real good about the direction that we’re going, John.
Rob Pollock: I think this is just another demonstration of a very disciplined decision making process we’ve had underway in this area for a number of years.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: How do you go from 16 to 3? Like what was the resolution there? Did it cost you anything and you were reserved, we don’t see it or is it something else?
Mike Peninger: Yes, a variety of things can happen. The claim can go away for a variety of reasons. There can be settlements; there’s a number of possible resolutions to those. Whatever the resolutions are from a dollar perspective are incorporated in our results.
Operator: Jeff Schuman, KBW.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: Eventually I’m going to circle back and beat the dead horse again, so you can look forward to that, but I have a couple of other questions first. The loss ratio ex-cats in Specialty Property was I believe a bit higher than we’re used to, and maybe Mike spoke to that, but I don’t remember that, so any loss trends or pricing issues we should think about there?
Rob Pollock: No, I think that there is a bit vagaries in the non-cat loss ratios over time. I think sometimes our second quarter tends to be up a little from just normal weather patterns, but nothing really unusual there.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: And then when Chris was talking about the balance sheet, Chris, you talked about the existing capital and the debt capacity in it. At some point I thought you mentioned in passing [ph] that there were opportunities to ‘further optimize the balance sheet’ and I wasn’t quite sure what you meant by that?
Chris Pagano: Well, again, to weaken lower our weighted average cost of capital by adding debt to the balance sheet and we think we’ve got some capacity to do that. Again, I mentioned it, if you’re thinking about purely an opportunistic financing, we could probably take on additional $300 million to $500 million worth of debt. But given the strong operating earnings and the dividend capacity at the operating segments, there is really no need to do that. However, what we do have the opportunity to do or have the flexibility to do is in the course of any kind of M&A activity, we can coincident with that activity, although evaluating the deal independent of it, we could further optimize the capital structure and lower the weighted average cost of capital at the enterprise level.
Jeff Schuman – KBW: So back to Health, I think we’re all struggling a little bit to envision this business that you see. If there is great big growing market there and it’s a 20% ROE business, that’s great. We appreciate that there are rules yet to be established. But I think it would be helpful if somehow we could better envision what this P&L would look like, because at a high level it seems a little too good to be true. I mean, we don’t have a lot of examples of retail life insurance businesses where you could manage to an 80% loss ratio and a 20% ROE. I mean, we’re certainly seeing health businesses like yours historically or like Aflac’s where you can get a 20% plus ROE, but I am assuming on a back of an 80% minimum loss ratio. So it still seems to be kind of a missing ingredient from here, I guess.
Rob Pollock: First of all, Jeff, what you’re raising, we’re in the transition period, so it’s difficult for us, but we’re going to layout our strategy at a point in the future when the transition rules are clarified. That may not be till sometime early next year, I’d say. But we’re testing a lot of new product concepts now. We’re seeing acceptance and are excited about many of the things that we’re selling in the marketplace. Remember, we spend a lot of time in the area of understanding consumer needs in this market and have pivoted our products to things that respond to that affordability issue, and that is really paying off. Now the focus on the loss ratio is a good one and something we need to pay attention to, but I just also want you to think about and point out the game of driving to the low combined ratio is the old model, okay, because the new model says you need to play in an environment where there’s a constraint on a piece of the combined ratio, which is the minimum medical loss ratio yet to be defined. So what you really talk about is how do you operate with the remaining piece and be in a position to generate profits. That’s what we’re focused on and we think there is an opportunity to achieve attractive returns there.
Operator: Steven Schwartz, Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: First I want to ask, when you did your studies and try to figure out what you were going to do and how this is going to look like, do you have any sense of where the MLR discussion is going, maybe their stuff underneath the NAIC is talking about that doesn’t make national underwriter, business insurance and things like that because that’s part of what the issue is, it’s what’s going to be include in that MLR and what’s not?
Rob Pollock: That’s correct. We like much of the industry, are participating in the discussions, but there are many issues that are still to be resolved, and Mike, you want to just make a few –?
Mike Peninger: We’re certainly engaged in the conversation, Steve, and I don’t know that there is any magic news under the covers or anything. We certainly have had a lot of discussion that is part of the dialogue about what’s in the calculation, how the calculation is done, the credibility pieces, the levels of aggregation by different blocks, so there are lots of different things going on there, and of course, in our planning, we’ve made assumptions around certain of those, so hey, you have to do that when they’re not finalized. If you just look at things originally, they plan to make recommendations in June. It has move further out. There is issues around how our issues like quality of care is going to be dealt with, which is a center point I think of what the reform is focused on, but when you get into the detail of what is the reason for that kind of thing, there are still very healthy debate underway.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Two more if I can. I’m not familiar with it, would you describe the Health Access product and how that differs from major med? I guess, Rob, you mentioned that historical underwriting to get a profit was risk management 1.0; you’ve said you’ve moved on to risk management 2.0, but maybe you can give an example of what risk management 2.0 looks like?
Rob Pollock: Sure. First, the comprehensive major medical product cost continue to go up and we’ve been honed in on affordability of product for the last several. In other words, you’ve got a large buying population who wants to get into the health care system but are constrained by issues around affordability. And we’ve mentioned this before, more first dollar [ph] benefits, but more limited catastrophic benefits for instance. Those kinds of things are gaining quite a bit of acceptance. In terms of risk management 1.0 versus 2.0, I think you start thinking about how and who will access the business, try and get access to the system where. Again, early stages, but we think there are things that we can look to that will differentiate how you deal with people coming into the system.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: And then just on the Canadian preneed sale. There was a mention of a tax increase that pushed sales up. Could somebody dive into that a little bit more and explain just exactly what’s going on there?
Mike Peninger: I don’t know that precise details of the tax laws, Steven, but the basic deal is that, there was a consumer tax that was going to levied on these products that will just make them a bit more expensive that went into effect on July 1. So we think that there is a combination. Well, there was a certain amount of sales that were probably accelerated into the second quarter because there was some money that could be saved by buying in the second quarter versus later, and we think that that sort of ‘beat the deadline’ kind of phenomenon added about $50 million of face sales into our normal run rate of Canada.
Rob Pollock: Yes, I mean, to me, again it’s another great example of adapting to what we saw a change that we knew about, we’re able to bring to market with a strategy to sell policies or we enforce again why we like the preneed business.
Operator: Jack Sherck, SunTrust.
Jack Sherck – SunTrust: A quick question for you on the Specialty Property business. Just looking at the gross written premiums, the growth we are getting is coming from that other category. What exactly is in there?
Rob Pollock: So the other category would include things like our renters insurance, exactly. So those have been the two drivers of growth for us Jack.
Jack Sherck – SunTrust: Just on the Specialty Property business overall, when you look at the days outstanding from delinquency to foreclosure, they’ve picked up nicely year-over-year. I think you guys are seeing that in your business also, if you just want to talk a little bit about how long these policies have been in the pipeline vis-à-vis last year?
Rob Pollock: What we’ve seen it extend out a bit, Jack, and we’ve reported that out to you. It obviously varies by the different servicers in the business. It has also sometimes been impacted by the new programs that have been announced on behalf of the government to try and keep people in homes, so many dynamics going on in the market. I think the way to think about it right now is we’ve seen an extension of how long a policy has stayed in force. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
Operator: We’d like to thank everyone for their participation. This does conclude Assurant’s Second Quarter 2010 Call. Please note a replay will be available at 11.00 AM.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett – SVP, IR Rob Pollock – President and CEO Mike Peninger – EVP and CFO Chris Pagano – EVP and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch John Nadel – Sterne, Agee Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates Mark Hughes – SunTrust Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Assurant first quarter 2010 financial results conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. All lines will be in a listen-only mode for the duration of the call and there will be an opportunity to ask questions following the prepared remarks. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett: Great. Thanks so much. Welcome to Assurant’s 2010 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer. Prepared remarks will last about 20 minutes and then we will open the call to questions. Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer, is also here for questions. Yesterday, we issued a news release announcing our first quarter 2010 financial results. The news release as well as the corresponding supplemental financial information is available on our Web site at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during today’s call may contain forward-looking information and our actual results may differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you to consider the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2009 Form 10-K and subsequently filed forms 10-Q and 8-K, which also can be found on our Web site. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additionally, this presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the Company’s performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday’s earnings release and the supplementary financial information that we posted on our Web site. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Pollock.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. 2010 is off to a good start for Assurant. We reported solid results for the first quarter across our mix of businesses. Specific actions initiated in 2009 are gaining traction and improving profitability. We continue to create opportunities for growth instead of waiting for economic recovery. Our strong financial position allows us to deploy corporate capital. At the same time we remain mindful of the challenges that the sluggish economy in many parts of the world and health care reform legislation that was recently enacted. Let me begin by providing some financial highlights on the quarter as well as our 2010 business outlook. In the first quarter we generated an annualized operating return on equity of 12.9%. Results were driven by strong performance at Assurant’s Specialty property and favorable operating results at Assurant benefits. We grew our book value per diluted share by 3% from year-end. This excludes the impact of accumulated other comprehensive income for AOCI. We have repurchased shares of what we believe are very attractive prices and below book value per share. Through last Friday, April, 23, we have repurchased 4.8 million shares for about a $157 million. These actions are consistent with our capital management strategy and highlight the free cash flow we’re able to generate. Now, let me make a few comments on the businesses. Specialty Property had a terrific quarter. We achieved an excellent combined ratio driven by both favorable expense and mass ratios. Although our top line results were good we continue to expect pressure on our revenues looking ahead for three reasons. First, the overall number of mortgage loans number of mortgage loans outstanding is declining, particularly, subprime since new loan originations are at low levels. Second, we expect placement rates to peak soon and return to more normal levels in the years ahead. And finally, portfolio consolidation will tighten margins requiring us to be even more vigilant in managing expenses. The team at Specialty Property continues to execute at a high level and maintains its leading position in the credit replace business. At Assurant Solutions, we were satisfied with our growth in target areas under difficult market conditions. Our business continues to be impacted by high unemployment in the UK. In addition, the European economy is struggling to recover. We were pleased to see sequential improvement in the international combined ratio. We have made solid progress in reshaping our European business during the past several months and we expect international combined ratios to continue to improve on average by 100 basis points to 200 basis points per quarter for the rest of the year. In the U.S. Assurant Solutions continues to create opportunities to grow rather than wait for economic recovery. We were pleased to enter into a contract with Lowe’s the home improvement retailer which will be later this year. Our strategy to partner with original equipment manufacturers is also gaining traction and we are benefiting from our preneed partnership with SCI which continues to add new funeral homes. We are on track to offset revenues that will last from prime bankruptcies and a slowdown in consumer spending. Assurant’s employees’ benefits provided a good example of how we’re creating our growth opportunities as well. Our top-line benefited from the block of business we acquired from Shenandoah Life as well as new clients at Disability RMS, our turnkey distribution channel. High levels of unemployment continue to limit small employer payrolls which drive premiums. Expense management and continued improvement of dental results will remain key elements of our efforts ahead. At Assurant Health, it was good to see quarter results improve in line with our expectations. Of course, the issue at the forefront of everyone’s mind is the impact of Healthcare Reform. The legislation signed by President Obama on May 23rd reshapes the health insurance industry. Since detailed implementation regulations have not yet been issued the full extent of the impact on our business is still being assessed. However, we know modifications in how we operate will be necessary. In particular, we will need to operate with a lower expense structure at both the business unit and enterprise level. As we prepare for the future we have begun a comprehensive review of all the options for Assurant Health. A Steering Committee co-chaired by our CFO, Mike Peninger, and Assurant Health CEO, Don Hamm, is leading the effort. We are completing a thorough evaluation of our auctions in the individual medical market. We’re also assessing the impact on the enterprise, including all intangible assets on our balance sheet. The analysis is well underway and we expect to present our findings and made recommendations to our Board of Directors this summer. Assurant has a long history of successfully adapting the changes in the marketplace. And this legislation will test our ability to do so again. We will take the best course of action to benefit our shareholders and our customers. And now, I would like to turn things over to Mike who will give a more in-depth review of the businesses. Mike?
Mike Peninger: Thanks, Rob. Let’s now take a more in-depth look at the results for each of our businesses. I’ll begin with Assurant Health which is continuing to take corrective actions to improve the underlying business results in the near-term. For the quarter net operating income decreased significantly versus as reported in the first quarter of 2009, however, as we discussed on several calls last year, first quarter 2009 results did not fully reflect the increased medical benefit utilization that began in late 2008. First quarter 2010 results developed consistent with our assumption and reflect pricing and benefit design changes as well as expense reduction initiatives we implemented. Sales of both individual medical and small employer group policies increased versus 2009. Sales growth continue to come primarily from our affordable healthcare plans that provide more first dollar coverage, but continued high elapse rates offset sales growth waiting to address of about 1% in net earned premiums for the quarter. In summary, the changes we made to pricing and plan designs over the past year have us on track to return our book to a 4% after-tax margin by the fourth quarter. So of course, this may be impacted by changes made in response to healthcare reform. The team at Assurant Health continues to work towards that goal even as they began to make the changes necessary for future success. I’ll turn next to Assurant Employee Benefits where net operating income was at its highest level since third quarter of 2008. Very favorable disability incidence and life mortality rates drove the improved earnings. In addition, just is in medical, pricing and plan design actions are producing improvement to dental loss ratios. Net earned premium growth was driven by the block of business acquired last year from Shenandoah Life and two new clients at Disability RMS. These additions brought an additional $35 million in net earned premiums in the quarter and we expect their full year 2010 contribution to be around $100 million. Although overall sales were flat voluntary product sales continue to be a bright spot, increasing by 21% to $21.8 million for the quarter. While we are pleased with the first quarter results, remember, the low frequency high severity nature of our life and disability products can cause loss ratios to vary from quarter-to-quarter. Also, organic growth in small employer payrolls will require job creation. Until then we will continue to work to increase voluntary product sales. Now, I’ll turn to Assurant Solutions where overall earnings were down about 5% versus the first quarter of 2009, but where they were also several times of improvement. The decline was primarily due to a one-time tax charge of $2.8 million resulting from the restructuring of the European business and a $4 million after-tax change in the value of assets used to protect against inflation risk in our preneed business. Net operating income benefited from favorable domestic service contract loss experience and improved preneed experience. Our domestic combined ratio continued to reflect favorable loss experience from both new business and run-off clients. Gross written premiums for domestic service contract business increased by about 12% versus 2009, driven mostly by non-recurring items. Absent these items, written premiums were flat which we view as a good thing since first quarter 2009 results included about $20 million of gross written premiums from Circuit City. We saw modest organic growth for several current retail clients as we saw consumer spending showing possible signs of improvement. As Rob noted, we’re pleased to enter into an agreement to provide service contracts for Lowe's which will begin to produce gross written premium in the fourth quarter of this year. Because Lowe’s retains most of the risk and performs a service functions under the contract it will add only modestly to our net earned premiums and earnings over the next few years. We hope to expand the relationship overtime as we demonstrate the value we can add to Lowe’s. Despite a positive impact from foreign exchange our first quarter international results are down versus 2009 even prior to the $2.8 million tax charge I mentioned earlier. Going forward, the effective tax rate should decline to normal levels. Sequentially we saw improvement in our UK underwriting experience that was consistent with our expectations. The international combined ratio decreased by 670 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2009 and was down by about a 180 basis points excluding the impact of the fourth quarter restructuring charges. We continue to expect an average of 100 basis points to 200 basis points per quarter reduction in this ratio over the rest of 2010 as our pricing and underwriting changes take effect. While overall net earned premiums for Solutions were level with prior year international net earned premiums increased 26% due to favorable impact of foreign exchange rate and growth from new and existing clients in Canada, Brazil, Argentina and Mexico. International gross written premiums increased by over 30% due to favorable foreign exchange and new client growth in several countries. Our service contract relationship with Whirlpool in Italy will start producing premium in the second quarter and our wireless business with Tim, Brazil's third largest wireless carrier is expected to produce premium by year-end. We added a new page to our financial supplement this quarter that breaks out our preneed business and shows that steady contribution to Solutions results. The exhibit also illustrate the impact of our CPI caps which are financial instruments purchased several years ago to protect against inflation risk on certain preneed policies. These caps which were valued at about $8.5 million at quarter end are important parts of our risk management strategy for the preneed products, but they are mark-to-market each quarter and thus create some variability in earnings. Preneed earnings grew for the quarter despite a negative impact from the cap and sales were up sequentially. We expect further growth as the funeral homes acquired in 2009 by SCI, our sales partner; begin to sell our preneed policies. In summary, Solutions is adding new clients and growing in key target areas such as wireless service contracts and preneed while looking for new niche market opportunities. We need to see continued improvement in the UK results and to reach revenue and profit targets in our developing countries. Our domestic combined ratios are likely to drift back toward our target in the high 90s over time but sales are improving and we believe that our growth expense, control and risk management initiatives are beginning to take hold. I’ll now turn to Assurant Specialty Property which produced another very strong quarter and drove our overall financial results. The business benefited from a $7.6 million after-tax adjustment in our credit replaced unearned premium reserves but even absent this item net operating income increased 6% versus 2009 due to lower expense in loss ratios. Combined ratios were the lowest we’ve reported since the fourth quarter of 2008. As we stated last quarter we continue to expect earnings to reflect margin compression of $10 million to $20 million from client consolidation. However, due to more favorable contracting and slower run-off of loans lost there was minimal impact on our earnings in the first quarter. We now expect that the impact will begin in the second quarter but will not be fully realized until the middle of 2011. Our net earned premiums rose by 3% primarily due to the change in unearned premium reserves which increased earned premiums by $13.6 million. Excluding this item, net earned premiums were flat with last year. Real estate owned premiums declined from 20% of credit replaced premiums in 2009 to 12% in 2010. However, premiums from non-REO of business kept total earned premiums level. We benefited from the fact that the policies on the 230,000 subprime loan lost in January 2010 that we mentioned on our year-end call were not canceled upon client termination. The premium on existing policies is therefore running off more slowly which favorably impacted both earned premiums and earnings in the first quarter. In the short run it appears that REO premiums have stabilized as loan services have developed more programs to modify loans and hopefully avoid for closures. Placement rates have continued to increase and based on our analysis of delinquent loans we anticipate that they will continue to see near the current levels for the remainder of this year. 75,000 new subprime loans that we gained through consolidation modestly raise written premiums in the first quarter. We will see further growth beginning in the third quarter of this year from a previously disclosed new 80,000 subprime loan account. Specialty Property continues to manage expenses in capital level carefully, while also looking for new growth opportunities in the creditor placed market and increasing sales of adjacency products such as (inaudible) and creditor placed flood insurance. Turning now to our investment portfolio on balance sheet. Our investment portfolio continues to perform well. At the end of the first quarter net after-tax unrealized gains were $267 million, an increase of $89 million since year-end. During the quarter we realized $4.5 million in pretax gains from the portfolio despite a $6.7 million increase in our mortgage reserve and under $1 million in other-than-temporary impairments. Since we took minimal dividends from the businesses during the quarter our holding company capital position declined from $710 million at year-end to about $480 million at March 31 or about $230 million of deployable capital after subtracting our $250 million buffer. Our debt-to-capital ratio was a low 16.9% down from 18% a year ago. These metrics and the free cash flows our businesses generate are all indicative of our solid financial position, a position that continues to provide us with capital management flexibility. So in summary, we’re pleased with our first quarter results and continue to remain focused on the macroeconomic challenges and post Healthcare Reform market ahead of us. And with that, I’d like to open the floor for questions. Operator, we’re ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question today comes from Ed Spehar of Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Rob Pollock: Morning, Ed.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. A couple questions. First, when we look at Specialty Property, the fact that there maybe things or not reverting to normal as quickly as at least as I had thought, but I am still struggling with how to think about what is normal revenue for this business? And I think specifically on the subprime loans I guess you’re saying you added 75,000 new loans in the first quarter and another 80,000 in the second, is that correct?
Mike Peninger: I think it’s 75,000 in the first quarter and 80,000 in the third, Ed.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Oh, in the third, okay. I guess –
Mike Peninger: They will start producing in the third quarter, sorry.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. I guess the question though is it how do we look at this, given the replacement rates are so high on subprime with no originations how quickly does this number go to zero? And if it does, does that mean we should start thinking about higher placement rates on a normal basis for prime because some of that stuffs somehow ends up in the prime category. How do we think about sort of a normalized revenue level?
Rob Pollock: There’s couple different things that first, I think if you go back and we provided a history that that’s splits the business out over time, subprime has always been a portion of the marketplace and maybe it grew more than the market did in particular, vintage years, probably '06, '07, '08 years, okay. But some primes always been 10%, 15% of the overall market. Now, remember what’s reported to us by our clients, they classify the loans. And we have some suspicion that prime loans may get reclassified to subprime when they started to having problems with the loan. But I think if you go back and look at placement rates in an '06 timeframe, you can get a feel for what more normal subprime placement rates are and then the real issue is when is there going to be new loan originations coming back in the market. I think the key for us is Gene and his team has continued to find opportunities to grow, when we can get clients in RFP situations we typically do very well and we’re aligned with market leaders who as the consolidation takes place has us well positioned as portfolios move around. When I look at the overall revenues I very much look at it as placement rates and some estimate of what’s going on in the overall number of loan.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: So when we look at over the long-term you said there is still going to be something that is subprime in terms of loans outstanding, whatever that maybe.
Rob Pollock: Yes.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then on capital. I think the ordinary dividend capacity this year is 560 million from your subs. Can you tell us how much you took so far if any?
Rob Pollock: First, we have a strong capital position we generate a lot of free cash flow out of the businesses is one of the things we really like. Actually, I’ll let Chris run through and just give you an update on where the capital was at year-end and where we’re at the end of the first quarter?
Chris Pagano: Sure. Hi, Ed. Just to get us from the 715 I guess to the 480 roughly, so 235 million of reconciliation, 127 of that again was returned to shareholders to repurchase plus the dividend, we had an interest expense, February and August are debt payments, that’s about 30 million. About 50 million on a net basis plus or minus was put back into the segment, half of that was in Health in response to the increase in litigation reserve and the other half went back into solutions due to point growth. And then the balance of it was what I would call normal course operating expenses for the company. The inc operating expenses are front loaded in the first quarter and a lot of that just related to compensation expense we pay our year-end bonus in the first quarter of the following year. And then we have a 401(k) matched out. First off we did not take any dividends of consequence from the subs in the first quarter. We will look to be taking the dividends in the second quarter going forward. I think that gives you an example of the advantage of being in such a strong capital position. We’re able to go out repurchase shares at attractive levels both relative to current market and as a percent of book, without having significant upstreaming of dividends from the segments and above average operating expenses at the corporate level.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: What’s the total for the year expected in terms of interest expense and operating expense?
Chris Pagano: We kind of given you, and again, the difference between cash in and out we think about interest expense, for example, we would tell you, it’s roughly 40 million, that’s an after-tax number. But the dollars that go up the door though in the first and third quarters are pretax numbers that comes back later on. Operating expenses typically run around 50 million and then the other piece of it is recurring dividends, which run rate right now is about 70 million.
Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Nadel of Sterne, Agee.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, John.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Good morning, everyone. How are you doing? So Rob I guess the question for you is understanding from your opening remarks that rakes of yet to be sort to determine under Healthcare Reform, but can you dive into that a little bit more deeply in terms of what the Steering Committee, Mike and Don, and their team are coming up with at this point, sort of maybe walk through what, the range of potential options or outcomes might look like?
Rob Pollock: Sure. Again, I’d almost put a little bit of a discontinuous change to the business. We have a history of adapting to changes when they occur, John. And I’m going to let Mike comment on this a little bit too, but we kind of gone to the team and said, look, it’s a new world, we want you to look at all the possible considerations in evaluating things, but remember we’re looking at a set of legislation that is probably as comprehensive as anything that’s going on in history, John, it’s long, we’re finding places where we’re generating a lot of questions, we’re interacting with the NAIC, HHS to get clarity around how things work that are unknown. At the same time we have some things that are known that we need to respond to and start dealing with such as covering shoulder and update etc., so there’s a lot of detail here that devil is in the detail on how they operate. And I think the team is looking at all the potential options that are out there. Mike, you will be able to give comments?
Mike Peninger: Yes, I had to say that exact thing it’s hard to talk about all the options we’re looking at or trying to take a very comprehensive look, our fundamental we’ve a long history, we’ve been in this business for over 100 years, we have 750,000 I think customers and 600,000 plus of individual health customers so they have vested interest in this and we’re trying to look at as Rob said, the details of healthcare reform, the regs there are not written yet, however, MLR calculation actually work, etc., And some of the answers are those really, say, what kind of opportunities are going to be available. We know that the business will look different; we know that certain strengths of ours that have benefited us historically. Underwriting, for example, would be less important, but other things that we have will be usable in other ways. So we don’t want to take any options off the table at this point.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Understood. And just as a quick follow-up. The medical loss ratio sort of the 80% MLR. Obviously, at this point, very lose in terms of what goes into that ratio, but is there some timing, I thought I might have read something somewhere recently that there is some timing on when the definition of what goes in the numerator and the denominator is going to come out?
Mike Peninger: Yes, HHS has requested I believe from the NAIC that the NAIC gives them some recommendations in the June timeframe I think maybe June 1st,which was earlier than it was originally they were until the end of the year but HHS has some to move that out and so the NAIC is developing and I’ve seen I think some list of questions they’re starting to ask and raise so I think by in the second quarter we’ll start to hopefully get a little more clarity on this.
Rob Pollock: But one of the things we do note, John, is that it’s not an apples to apples comparison against our loss ratio today –
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Yes, that’s a point, right?
Rob Pollock: So they’ve already made some statements about things that can be excluded such as income taxes, premium taxes, assessments, etc., so again, there’s lots of details here. We’re in the midst of trying to get answers to all those things. Again, the details will help us formulate what the best option is and we’re not pre-disposed toward any option today. We're going to add them all.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Got it. And in the meantime feel comfortable that pricing actions and lapse rates and the various other expense initiatives, etc., Have you on track for your targeted margin improvement?
Mike Peninger: Yes, we took those actions starting in middle of last year. They continue to roll through the block as I said the development in the first quarter was consistent with what we expect. So in the absence of any healthcare reform unusual impact we definitely feel like we’re on track for those actions that have the desired results.
Rob Pollock: If we just look at, John, all of that was assumption-based when we took all the actions and that’s the end of each quarter we’ve reported out. We’re getting a pretty good line aside that our actions are doing just what we’d expect.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Excellent. Thank you very much. I'll get back in the queue.
Mike Peninger: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James & Associates.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Hey, good morning, everybody. Both Ed and John got to some of the questions I wanted to ask. Just one of the possibilities here with the health business is the sale. That is not off the table, right?
Rob Pollock: We’re looking at everything and so obviously we’ll consider all the actions, as I said, we’re not pre-disposed toward anyone particular option.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Just making sure that everything was everything. The balance sheet has a GAAP equity there, 300 million in that business. Would that be I guess accurate on a statutory basis, things are different obviously with health insurance and they now with life insurance?
Rob Pollock: The question I think you’re raising is, is our staff capital similar to our GAAP equity? I believe they are in this business. So there’s some intangibles that are also associated with the health business. Again that will all be part of the analysis as we look at things, Steve.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Like I said John got most of what I wanted to ask. That's really all I wanted to add there. Thanks
Rob Pollock: Sure.
Operator: (Operator instructions). And our next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Rob Pollock: Hi, Mark.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you. Any perspective you can share on the typical duration of the policies in the Specialty Property business, say, Q1 versus this time last year?
Rob Pollock: When you look at what characterizes our policyholder groups, Mark, I tended to put this into some different buckets. And obviously, the duration has gone up we believe a little bit. It’s largely related to people who run into problems, making payments on their homes.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Right. I guess the typical time that your policies are in force under those circumstances, when you say up a little bit, is that what you're suggesting?
Rob Pollock: Yes, absolutely. I guess I put our customers into three different buckets, those who stay with us for a long time because they tend to get a policy from us and just keep it in force, people who get the policy (inaudible) from us and decide they’re going to pursue another option and they’re with us a short period of time. And then there’s group who come about really because they run into problem, making payments and that’s the one we’re seeing a movement out and how long the policies held.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: All right. The Lowe's business, could you talk about what your experience has been historically with taking a big retailer like that and moving it potentially fully on to your platform? And if you did so, how meaningful would that be?
Rob Pollock: Well, I think we’ve got a long track record in this business, Mark, working with large clients and we try to do is our offerings in the service contract business we have the full range we kind of cover the full gamut of the value chain in that business from issuing it to doing the administration to take in the underwriting risk, etc., So we got kind of the full package and I’d say it’s fairly typical in this business that we start with a piece, sometimes a fairly small piece of that total value chain and what I think we’ve been able to do typically is work with the retail customer, show how we can add value and them improve their own business and that makes them over time get increasingly receptive to giving more of that value chain toward us and we’d certainly hope that we can demonstrate or make that case to Lowe’s, we’re excited to have start of the relationship and hopefully, over time will increase it.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Finkelstein of Macquarie
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Hi, good morning. Couple of questions, I guess Ed brought up the question on capital and you talked about the $560 million of dividend capacity for 2010. I guess how should we think about free cash flow generation overall for 2010 going into 2011 for dividends? And I guess what I'm getting at is you got Specialty Property that theoretically is going to kind of shrink in size, you probably get capital release from that. Is there any way of thinking about this? I mean should we assume that kind of free cash flow should be somewhat close to operating earnings for 2010?
Rob Pollock: I think that’s a good way to think about it, Mark. And in addition to that we’ve talked about we’re going to try and free capital in the Solutions business we can do that to the tune of $75 million to $150 million over really 10 or 11 timeframe, when property comes on then, it hasn’t, but if it were, we’d have a little bit of additional capital that would free up there as well. But I think thinking about our earnings plus that amount within Solutions is a good way to think about things
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Okay.
Chris Pagano: Let me, Mark, if I could, this is Chris, maybe just make a couple other comments. I just want to make a clarification, I think and I could be wrong, but I believe your net dividend capacity is 525 million. I do want to point out that that is a regulatory number and does not necessarily indicate what we can or cannot take out of the businesses. When I think about dividend capacity I think about earnings plus minus. The minuses would be held back for growth and as we have seen in years past sometimes the portfolio effect will cause us to, we’ll have to retain more capital and not be able to access it from the operating companies. And, of course, on the plus side you mentioned potential shrinking of the business on the property side, again, also our efforts to take some excess capital solutions over the next 12 months to 18 months. The other thing I would point out again, Ed asked the question I provided reconciliation. Some of the infusions and taking dividends out of the subs are timing issues. This past quarter we did put some money into Solutions (inaudible) to some additional client growth that doesn’t change the fact that over time we’d like, we think we can get out the earnings and then from the Solutions segment over the next several years. The other thing you’ve got to keep in mind in a variable that we’ve talked about in the past is the cap, the AM Best capital requirement; we do capitalize the best to the extent that those change from one year to the next that might have some effect. We’re in regular dialogue with the rating agencies, have not gotten any indication of the material changes there, but will know that as the year progresses.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Okay. And then one other question on benefits. Clearly, a very good quarter. I think you highlighted low mortality. I'm curious what the dental block is doing. Are you starting to see kind of incidents come down at all or are the results kind of even without the trend improvement in the incidents?
Mike Peninger: Yes, I think what we’re seeing is sort of an interesting comparison with the medical business where we had some changes in incidents and costs that happened in, started in late 2008 timeframe and those have sort of maintained at that level and so we have done has gone into the block and instituted the pricing plan design changes very much like the both the and our health business have done and medical. And so what we’re seeing now is those changes working through the block. So I’d say that improvement that we’re seeing really reflects the actions that we’re taking rather than some sort of reversion, the incidents have kind of stayed at the more elevated level and we’re pricing accordingly.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Okay, all right, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sam Hoffman of Lincoln Square Capital.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Hi, good morning. I have a couple of questions. First in Specialty Property, gross earned premiums exceeded our expectations because they were about 100% of the trailing four quarters gross written premiums. And that's something that hasn't happened since about 2007. The ratio dropped to 95% last year in '08. So I guess can you help us out in terms of how to best model earned premium to the ratio to written premiums, understanding that you have some new policies coming on that improve that ratio going forward?
Rob Pollock: Sure. To me again I start, Sam, looking at placement rates on loans and if you think about the written premium representing the annual premium on a policy, okay, a placement rate times the number of loans, times an average amount of the policy gets you to a written premium originates back to the date their coverage start. So I think the earned premium numbers perhaps a better way to model. We provided the written, there’s a lot of movements in the written over time caused by that. But I think it’s just a big part of it is how our model operates in that is looking in arrears to know what our coverage comes into a fact. Then if you look at the number of portfolios that have moved around over the last couple of years, which are unprecedented, those exacerbated all the numbers as well. So I’d be more focused on the earned premium number.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay, then also on Specialty Property. Can you comment on your reinsurance policy this year? It looks like you issued some kept ons and just generally should it have the same impact on the financials as it did last year?
Rob Pollock: Sure, this is a big part of our risk management program at the enterprise level. Cap risk is something we’re quite focused on. We typically buy our program in pieces and we place part of it in January, part of it in June, it involves the Florida Hurricane Cat Fund as well. Several years ago we said we were also going to look at different pools of capital other than just the reinsurance market, we looked at a cap bond transaction and placed one last year, we have recently just entered into another cap fund arrangement. Chris, do you want to comment on that a little bit?
Chris Pagano: Sure, I think a couple of things. Again, the apples to apples comparison versus last year is probably best done by looking at last year’s cap on and where it’s trading in the secondary market. The two tranches we placed last year are somewhere between 5% and 6% lower in terms of spread. And we saw that comparable pricing validated in our second issue this year. We’re very pleased with the results, clear evidence of available capacity and more attractive pricing versus prior year. The flip side though is that it’s not apples to apples, the other thing we have to keep in mind is how the reinsurance program has changed, the exposures have changed from a geographic perspective, and also the tower has grown; the reinsurance needs have grown since last year. So I think what we typically do is provide you with an update sometime around mid-June once we place the balance of the traditional program were out in the market right now with our reinsurers.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay. And then on the Health business, can you just frame what the minimum return on equity would be in order for you to retain that business and in what timeframe you would need to achieve that ROE?
Rob Pollock: Sure. Again, if we look historically, the healthcare business has produced very strong ROE. A lot of that driven, Sam, by the fact that there’s not a high equity requirement in the business and you can write premium to equity at 6:1, 7:1. So, we have had a history of returns that have been in the 20% and 30% range, obviously, we look and I’d say we’d want to be at 15% or better in this business. Obviously we would look at what are the issues to deal with that. We didn’t have those returns last year but we have with the corrective actions we implemented last year they’re all paying off. We see us returning, as Mike mentioned, to a 4% after-tax margin by the fourth quarter absent healthcare reform and that will put us well in excess of that.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: And do you currently see any options under healthcare reform that would enable a 15% ROE?
Rob Pollock: Well again, we’ve got that comprehensive study underway and I am sure that will all be part of the analysis that group provides us.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: And finally, just at a high level. There were a couple of moving parts in the quarter, but more or less it was a clean quarter. And so would you say that now excluding CATs that you’re kind of at the 12% ROE currently and that's kind of where you are for the foreseeable future until any major changes might occur excluding CATs?
Rob Pollock: A couple of different things. I look at there first is the balance sheet drives the enterprise ROE, but the businesses are out and pricing products everyday in the market place. So I think if we’re able to grow, business should be written that, is in the target ranges and as we can grow the business that will be at higher ROEs than the 12% on the incremental piece of business. We have the correction actions we took in our business last year that are raising ROEs in a number of our businesses as well. And as we deploy capital, clearly, we’ve got deployable capital that today is sitting at the enterprise level earning low rates of return. So we can figure out how to deploy that better, that’s another opportunity. Saying all that we’re in businesses that have variability associated with them, so the pricing is at levels we think can be higher. It requires that we grow. We’ve talked about each of the businesses and some of the challenges we’re facing in them, but we’re trying to move to those higher returns.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay, so as long as revenue remains flat you should be at least 12% return on equity excluding CATs?
Rob Pollock: Well, that will depend on our business results, Sam.
Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we go next to a follow up from John Nadel of Sterne, Agee
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Hi, there. So Rob, last quarter, you indicated that buybacks that you would expect to use about half of your existing authorization through the end of 2011.
Rob Pollock: I think (inaudible), John.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: You did, you did, I’m sorry. You said at least. In the first four months here, at least what you've reported through the 23rd of April, you've used half of that half.
Rob Pollock: Correct.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: I applaud it. I’m just looking for a little bit of help on pace from here. Understanding that I think you guys typically would at least historically you would typically slowdown a little bit in front of hurricane season but?
Rob Pollock: Yes, well let’s first start with, and looking at that anything, we start with, we’ve got to be able to deploy in excess of our cost to capital. We think that somewhere in the 12% range. We try and evaluate that against all alternatives with a couple of cash –
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Hi, Rob, I am sorry, I am sorry, can I interject?
Rob Pollock: Sure.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: You guys think your cost to capital is around 12%. I am interested in that only because I’ve got some other companies that I cover who -?
Rob Pollock: I think it’s lower than that, John; we’re using it as a rough rule of thumb. And also just I’d point out and Chris has done a lot of work in this area. It obviously moves around as capital markets move around. So when we looked at a last year it was higher than that. But again we’re just trying to give a rough rule of thumb in terms of how we think about it.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Understood, okay, okay. And one more. If you took your current debt-to-cap, which is very, very low relative to most of my coverage universe anyway at 16% or 17%. If you took that more to a typical single A rated companies debt-to-cap of 25-ish, how much would that take your cost of capital down? Your weighted average cost of capital. If you were talking about 12%, I would assume that would take it down to 10% to 11%.
Rob Pollock: Right, it’s a blend, it’s a blend of equity and debt and it would take it down. Again, I think it just reinforces our strong financial position that we’re in. We certainly realize we have the capability to structure the balance sheet differently. Chris and his team are looking at that in-depth. But if we go back to how do we evaluate things it’s relatively, first, we got to invest, as Chris mentioned, in the business to generate and deal with organic growth and we have some of that going on and then we evaluate the alternatives. And I think the first quarter demonstrates we’ve seen the attractive nature of buying back our share.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: And your valuation essentially with the sequential add to book value per share from your net income, your valuation effectively, if I think about the first four months of buyback and, frankly, it's just the last couple months, right, because you were blacked out until February. The valuation hasn't really changed, right?
Mike Peninger: The market to book is that you’re referring to, John?
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: That’s exactly what I’m referring to, yes.
Mike Peninger: Yes, again, I mean we can do a lot of different things here, the combination of strong balance sheet to start the year, operating cash flows that we think we will be able to get and then some up in the form of dividends, the share price, we can do a lot of different things with the cash flows that the businesses are generating, and frankly a nice position for us to be in. And we will, we do think the share price continues to be attractive. We expect to be back in the market. Our goal is to be in there consistently, typically in a 10b5-1 structure, we think makes the most long-term sense –
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: And do you guys have one in place right now? 10b5 or no?
Chris Pagano: Yes, we do, again, the 10b5-1 is typically, we put one in place that allows us to continue to repurchase shares through blackout periods. The fact that we were in the market in this past month suggest that is still in place.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: That's fair, all right. And last one for you guys. Just going back to Solutions in the international combined ratio improvement, can you give us a sense for the actions that you’ve taken in the UK biz, how much maybe in terms of the 180 basis points of combined ratio improvement in international, how much of that was UK improvement driven, if you will?
Rob Pollock: Yes, I don’t have the specific UK piece off the top of my head, John, but I can tell you that our sort of key metric is our overall combined ratio internationally going down by that 100 basis points to 200 basis points per quarter. We’ve done a variety of things in the UK ranging from exiting certain distribution channels to redesigning products to re-pricing products, etc, etc., And we’ve got specific metrics on each of those things that we’re watching and those are the results of those actions are sort of enfolding in line with our expectations so –
Mike Peninger: No, I was going to say, again, think of the analogy to health, think of the analogy to our demo business, again, we’ve have taken actions they were assumption based. To me, John, they’ve unfolded consistent as Mike pointed out with the correction actions we’ve taken, the caveat we’d add on the UK is where we expose is, if we get an upward spike in unemployment.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Understood, understood, okay. Listen, I applaud, I applaud the progress on all those fronts. I mean they are real very evident this quarter, so thank you.
Rob Pollock: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ed Spehar of Banc of America-Merrill Lynch with a follow-up.
Ed Spehar – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi, thanks. I guess, Rob, I just want to go back to this cost of capital thing. When you’re saying 12%, are you saying that's what you guys think your weighted average cost of capital is or your equity cost of capital?
Rob Pollock: Yes, again I would say we just are using it as a rough rule of thumb, Ed, think about what we’ve done with the business is first in pricing products. We want them pricing at 14% to 16% or better returns in the businesses, okay? Where you think this as a rule of thumb as they look at up, hey, maybe we want to go, do a deal, maybe we want to do that, there is obviously inherent risk with it. So we’re trying to just be mindful of let’s not look at things right on the margin of our cost to capital because there will be unknowns there and we’re just using it as a price holder. We have the actual calculation. We look at it regularly. I was going to say the debt component is it’s the equity component we look at periodically and it moves around
Ed Spehar – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Yes, first of all, I guess I would argue, you found the right use for your capital this quarter and in April. But the second thing I would say is that going back to the point I think Sam was making, you’ve got a 12% ROE this quarter. Understand this is not a normal quarter from a CAT standpoint. If we spread that out it may be different, but stocks at 80% of book value. So, the question about your equity cost of capital, I guess, I would argue your equity cost of capital is maybe higher than the numbers that you're suggesting just because the stock is trading below your equity value.
Rob Pollock: Absolutely, that’s a classic capital market assessment, Ed. Couldn't argue that.
Ed Spehar – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: And then just real quick one on the health side. When we talk about wanting to get at least 15% ROE or better, two things, how do you sort of think about the importance of the health business from an overall enterprise standpoint of capital relief or credit that you’re going to get in either for the rating agencies or the RBC ratio and is that going to change going forward giving the uncertainty about how. And then also just because you point out the unclear nature of exactly how you implement the sweeping legislation and how do you handicap just sort of the risk when you think about somebody decides that something will be included in the MLR or then a year later they say it’s not included there is obviously not just the question of how it’s interpreted today but how do we get confident and how to be interpreted over the long-term?
Mike Peninger: Well, we certainly, we think about that you’re raising great questions out and certainly, there are a lot of uncertainties, that’s why we are trying to take time and do a very comprehensive and thorough analysis of all the options because each of the options entails making certain assumptions we’re not going to have definitive information for quite some time until all the changes start to work through the system. So we try to make reasonable assumptions about the key drivers of any particular scenario, the modeling capability we have, as part of our enterprise risk management analysis, enables us to look at a range of options depending on see, how sensitive a particular scenario returns might be to changes in the assumption. So we’re trying to do that that really comprehensive and thorough. Look all, what the backdrop of, again, this is a business that we’ve been in a long time, we think we understand that as well or better than anybody else in it, so we’ve got that going for us, we’ve got all our customers I mentioned earlier trying to make the best decision as we analyze all these options.
Ed Spehar – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Mark Finkelstein of Macquarie with a follow-up
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Thanks. This is a little bit of a philosophical question on the health side. And you may defer the question, which is fine. But I guess if you were forced today to kind of underwrite excluding pre-existing conditions, I know that doesn’t go into place till 2014, but would you be able to do that without a degree of certainty you're getting at least close to right, knowing the data that we have today, that's my first question? The second question is again, we don’t have great transparency around this, but do you think that the penalty that's been put in place or at least discussed on the individual side, not even withstanding whether it gets enforced or not, that's a whole another issue, but do you think that the penalty for non-compliance with the rule is enough to compel the risk group to be a cross section as you’d kind of need it to be?
Rob Pollock: Right, okay, so pre-ex, the two hours length, right, so, pre-ex is not an issue if everyone’s in the same and we can deal with that as you point out the real issue comes when people can selectively enter or exit. We know a number of markets, we have history in Maine, Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey to evaluate what happens when people can opt in and out of the market which I think is a whole point you’re raising around the penalty. I think it’s certainly an issue that continues to be voiced by lots of players and things that if you really want to make things work we’re going to have to get tighter here. So we can deal with pre-existing, we’re going to have to see how all the regulations ultimately unfold to figure out if the penalty is enough to provide protection there. And we’ll do all that. Again, early stages not sure quite how all this works, we do have models to look at in markets, where these kind of practices have been in place. So to me this all just points out that we have the ability to pivot and respond quickly to changes we’ve done it in the past, we will continue to do so as we move forward.
Mark Finkelstein – Macquarie: Okay, alright, thank you.
Rob Pollock: In closing, while we see encouraging signs in the economy, we are not content to wait for a full recovery. We have initiated actions to create opportunities for growth and to increase profitability. We are pleased with the new business momentum we are building. Our cost saving measures we have implemented will yield benefits in 2010 and going forward. And our strong capital position improves our flexibility to build shareholder value for the long-term. Thanks for your interest today. We look forward to updating you on our Q2 2010 performance.
Operator: This does conclude Assurance Q1 2010 Conference Call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett – SVP, IR Rob Pollock – President and CEO Mike Peninger – EVP and CFO Chris Pagano – EVP and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management.
Analysts: Ed Spehar – BofA Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates John Nadel – Sterne, Agee Jimmy Bhullar – J.P. Morgan Mark Hughes – SunTrust Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse Jeff Schuman – KBW Investments
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant fourth quarter 2009 financial results conference call. All participants will be in a listen only mode for the duration of today’s call. Following the presentation, we will open up for questions. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett:
 : Yesterday we issued a news release announcing our fourth quarter and year-end 2009 financial results. The news release as well as corresponding supplementary financial information are available on our website at assurant.com. Some of the statements that we make during today’s call may contain forward-looking information and our actual results may differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you to consider the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2008 Form 10-K and subsequently filed forms 10-Q and 8-K, which can be accessed from our website. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additionally, this presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company’s performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday’s earnings release and the supplementary financial information that you can find on our website. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Pollock.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. I want to thank our employees for their continued efforts to meet customer needs and provide service to our clients in what has been a challenging year for everyone in the financial services sector. Our business results fluctuated, but our commitment to our customers did not. Our capital and asset management strategies helped us strengthen our balance sheet. Meanwhile, we have taken and will continue to take actions to grow our business, manage expenses, and improve our results. Let me highlight some key items in our results. In 2009, we generated an operating return on equity of 10.1%. Although this result is not indicative of our aspirations or historic performance, it is solid, especially when evaluated in context of the environment. We grew our book value per diluted share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income by 9% for the year despite significant legal expenses and a goodwill impairment charge. We instituted cost reduction and expense saving initiatives that resulted in restructuring charges of about $12 million after-tax in the quarter and about $19 million for the year. These initiatives will generate run rate savings of about $22 million after-tax annually at current expense levels across the company. As we highlighted in our news release, we took an $83 million impairment charge to goodwill this quarter. The accounting rules on this issue are very technical, but I want to put it in context. This is a non-cash charge. It has no impact on statutory earnings or our deployable capital position. And finally, it has not changed our outlook for our businesses. Let me comment upon the litigation reserve increase of $24 million after-tax in Assurant Health. Last Friday, a jury in Colorado returned a $37 million verdict against us on a case that was filed in 2006. While we cannot comment on the specifics of this case, we disagree strongly with the verdict and will vigorously pursue post-trial motions as well as an appeal. Independent of this verdict, the health insurance landscape is changing quickly. Assurant Health has taken steps to help ensure that customers better understand the individual and short-term policies they are purchasing. We offer an independent third-party medical review beyond our internal appeals process for any situations where there is a rescission of coverage. Before turning to Mike for an in-depth view of results, let me highlight our outlook for 2010. Beginning with our businesses, we expect continued evolution in the marketplace at Specialty Property. We know that the overall number of mortgage loans outstanding is declining and expect this trend to continue until the residential real estate market recovers. The decline will be more pronounced in the subprime sector where policy placement rates are higher. The movement of portfolios between loan servicers will continue to create quarterly variability in gross written premiums beyond the seasonality we have seen in this business. Consolidation of mortgage portfolios by our clients will pressure margins as loans transition to terms found in the most favorable portfolio contract. We estimate this will be a reduction to our earnings of between $10 million and $20 million after-tax in 2010. The team at Specialty Property is working hard to manage expenses, capital and catastrophic risk exposure. Property should continue producing strong operating results and ROEs, leveraging our leading position in the creditor-placed market. Now let’s turn to Assurant Solutions. Although profits improved in the quarter and the year, results in the UK are very disappointing and have masked the improvements within the rest of Solutions. So we are taking further actions to remedy this problem in addition to those already implemented. We expect to see our international combined ratio improve by 1% to 2% per quarter over the course of 2010. Revenue growth prospects at Solutions are good. We are pleased to announce the addition of several new clients this year in the international area totaling nearly $100 million in production. New clients include Brazil’s third largest wireless carrier TIM where we leveraged expertise from our Signal acquisition, and two top retailers in Brazil, Marisa and Centauro. The new clients in distribution channels we are adding will help offset business loss from client bankruptcies and a slowdown in consumer spending. Our strategy to partner with original equipment manufacturers is producing results, and we are pleased to announce a relationship with Whirlpool in Italy. We are benefiting from our preneed partnership with SCI, as they continue to add new funeral homes, which will start producing for us in this year. Solutions will begin to execute on a two-year plan to streamline its organizational structure, which we estimate we will free $75 million to $150 million in capital. All of these actions will lead to meaningful improvements to this business’s ROE. Moving next to Assurant Employee Benefits, our focus remains on the small employer, particularly through the sale of Worksite or voluntary employee-paid products, which should continue growing at a double-digit pace. We’ve taken actions during 2009 to improve our dental results, and additional changes are planned for this year. We recently extended our shared dental network relationship with Aetna through 2012, allowing us to continue to offer small employers one of the largest dental networks in the country in conjunction with our product. Combined with expense efforts, we expect profits to improve this year. At Assurant Health, the pricing and plan changes we’ve implemented, combined with expense reduction efforts, are expected to return the Health business to target profitability in the range of 4% after-tax by late this year. Results are tracking consistent with our assumptions based on our experience in the second half of 2009. We continue to work closely with the industry and with members of Congress to offer constructive suggestions for the reform of our healthcare system in the US. We are hopeful that reform will focus on programs that work to reduce costs and provide affordable healthcare options to all Americans. And finally, as we look ahead, I’ll comment on our capital position. At year-end, we had $710 million of total corporate capital. This reflects following through on our promise to build our corporate capital position. Excluding the $250 million capital buffer we established, we have over $450 million of capital that is available for deployment, which is significantly more than has been available in the last two years. A strong capital base provides us with the flexibility to execute on our capital management priorities, investing in our businesses, pursuing prudent acquisitions, and returning capital to our shareholders via dividends and share repurchase programs. Currently, we believe our stock is undervalued, and with the SEC matter now behind us, we expect to begin repurchasing shares after the earnings blackout period ends on February 8. We have a total of $770 million in share repurchase authorization. This represents about 20% of the total shares outstanding at today’s price. We expect to use at least half of this authorization over the next few years. Now I’ll turn it over to Mike to talk about our results in more detail. Mike?
Mike Peninger: Thanks, Rob. Let’s now take a deeper dive into each of our businesses, starting with Assurant Specialty Property that once again displayed its market strength during 2009. Net operating income for the fourth quarter was $107 million, down from $118.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2008, but still our highest quarter of net operating income in 2009. For the full year, NOI was $406 million, flat with 2008. The drop in fourth quarter earnings reflects lower earned premiums, higher non-catastrophe claims, and higher reinsurance costs versus 2008. These increased costs were partially offset by the absence of reportable catastrophe losses in 2009. Our full year NOI benefited greatly from the benign hurricane season. We had no reportable catastrophe losses for the year compared with $100 million of after-tax catastrophe-related costs in 2008. On the other hand, a significant decrease in premiums from real estate owned policies, higher reinsurance costs, and higher non-catastrophe losses adversely impacted our operating results. Net earned premiums were down 4% for the quarter and 5% for the full year compared to 2008. The decreases were primarily driven by reduced premiums from real estate owned properties and were partially offset by increased placement rates in our non-real estate owned creditor-placed business. Reinsurance costs, which reduced net earned premiums, increased by $10 million for the quarter and $30 million for the year. Gross written premiums increased over the fourth quarter of 2008 and were up considerably versus the third quarter of 2009. The fourth quarter gross written premiums reflect non-recurring factors related to two specific clients. We expect gross written premiums in the first quarter of 2010 to return to lower levels, in line with the normal seasonality of the business. We previously announced that we would lose 230,000 subprime loans to consolidation in January. However, we are now pleased to announce that we have added 155,000 subprime loans, approximately half from consolidation and half from a new client. 75,000 of these will begin producing premium in the first quarter this year and the other 80,000 will begin producing in the second quarter. While our leading position in the creditor-placed market allows us to retain many of the portfolios when they are combined, industry consolidation will affect our top and bottom lines. Some of the larger clients share more of the risk on their portfolios and their contracts reflect the scale of their operations. We expect that an additional $150 million of premium in certain client portfolios will be reinsured in 2010, thus reducing our net earned premiums. The Specialty Property team continues to diligently manage expenses and look for new opportunities to add value for their clients in the rapidly changing environment. In the meantime, we are focused on dividend in our earnings out of the business and maintaining our overall financial flexibility. We believe that we will be able to dividend all of our properties’ earnings for 2010 to the holding company. In 2009, property dividended [ph] out about 120% of its earnings. So in summary, we are pleased with another very solid quarter and year at Assurant Specialty Property. While revenue is moderating, we expect the business to continue to produce strong returns. Let’s now move to Assurant Solutions, where in spite of a collapse in consumer spending, profits improved and growth opportunities were identified, but we still have work to do in the UK. Net operating income improved for both the fourth quarter and full year versus 2008 despite continued very poor loss experienced in the UK. Typically we do not disclose individual country results. But since the UK results are so far below expectations, I want to provide some additional color. The UK losses continue to be driven primarily by our unemployment-related products. As we have previously reported, losses from the Internet distribution channel for these products have ceased due to our exit from that channel. Unfortunately, in the latter part of the year, losses from similar products sold through more traditional channels increased as a result of the prolonged high unemployment situation, thus delaying the profit recovery. The poor experience resulted in an after-tax loss of $11 million for the quarter and $35 million for the year. This compares to losses of $5 million and $7 million for the comparable 2008 periods. These results are clearly unacceptable, and we have accelerated efforts to fix the problems. While we are pursuing all possible corrective actions, the continued poor economy in the UK makes rapid progress difficult. The international combined ratio for the fourth quarter increased versus the fourth quarter of 2008 and sequentially to 114.5%. In addition to the UK losses, we incurred $10.4 million of pretax restructuring expenses in our European operations during the quarter, as we made a number of organizational changes to increase our operating efficiency. We are pleased with our domestic results, where the combined ratio for the quarter decreased to 94.6%, its lowest level in the past two years and below its long-term target of 97% to 98%. This result reflects the particularly good loss experienced in the extended service contract business from existing and run-off clients. Revenue grew modestly in Solutions when adjusted for the impact of the change in accounting for preneed and the impact of foreign exchange. Absent these two factors, premiums were up 3.7% year-over-year. Preneed sales growth was strong, driven by growth at our sales partner SCI. We saw positive same-store client sales trends and added nearly $100 million of sales from new clients in 2009, including Whirlpool and the Royal Bank of Canada. Efforts to reduce expenses and gain efficiency were a continued priority in the fourth quarter. Total restructuring charges, including the international restructuring costs I mentioned earlier, were $8.4 million after-tax for the quarter and $10.8 million for the year. Through various restructuring and consolidation initiatives, a total of about 240 full-time equivalent positions were eliminated in 2009. While painful, these reductions will provide run rate savings of about $15 million pretax per year going forward. Looking forward, we expect Solutions to make significant ROE improvements over the next few years. The 2009 ROE of 7.5% was well below our targeted range of 14% to 16%, but we expect steady improvements over the next two years as the UK experience is corrected, new clients come online, and we reduce the capital in the business. Now let’s move to Assurant Employee Benefits, where results have been pressured by the persisting economic challenges in the small group sector, leading to higher lapse rates and lower premium growth on in-force policies. Although we are seeing more optimism in small business owners’ outlook, they remain cautious in adding new employees, and wage growth continues to be modest. Net operating income was down 18% for the quarter and 40% for the year. The declines reflect the decrease in premiums and lower investment income. Results include restructuring charges of $1 million for the quarter and $2.5 million for the year. We were pleased to see modest sequential improvement in our dental loss ratios during the quarter, as our pricing actions begin to take hold and we expect dental experience to continue to improve in 2010. Employee Benefits is finding other ways to grow even in this difficult environment. Full year sales of voluntary coverage were up 13% to almost $60 million for the year. 2010 revenue will also increase by approximately $100 million due to new client addition at Disability RMS and the Shenandoah Life block we acquired in 2009. I should note that neither of these are reflected in the sales figures in our financial supplement. Now let’s turn to Assurant Health. 2009 was a challenging and disappointing year for Health with a loss of $29.7 million for the quarter and $30.2 million for the year. The fourth quarter includes the $24 million after-tax charge due to the adverse jury verdict Rob mentioned. I should note that the operating results we are discussing today reflect the full amount of the jury verdict that was delivered last Friday. If a final judgment is entered by the court before we file our 10-K, then the amount is materially different. We will reflect this revised amount in our filings. Health fourth quarter also includes H1N1 expenses of $2.5 million after-tax. This was less than we projected on our last call, as the virus has not been as widespread as originally feared. We now anticipate that we will incur another $2.5 million to $3.5 million after-tax of H1N1-related claims costs in the first half of 2010. The quarter also includes restructuring charges of $2.9 million after-tax, as the business took action to reduce its expense base. We expect this to reduce our annual run rate of expenses by approximately $5 million after-tax. In addition, we took advantage of a soft advertising market to increase direct marketing presence in the fourth quarter, adding about $1.5 million to expense levels for the period. In 2009, sales in this channel grew by 48% to $54 million. Net earned premiums were down 3% and 4% for the quarter and year respectively. The decreases were caused by high lapses of individual and small group policies, driven by the combination of price increase and general concerns over the affordability of coverage. In summary, at Assurant Health, we are facing some tough and sometimes unpredictable challenges, but we are taking actions to best prepare and operate in the new health insurance environment that continues to evolve in the United States. Our overall experience in the fourth quarter, absent the Colorado jury verdict, was consistent with the assumptions underlying our pricing actions, and we continue to believe that in the absence of similar large events, Health is on track to return to profitability in the range of a 4% net margin late in 2010. I’ll turn next to our investment portfolio. AOCI was a positive $66 million at year-end 2009 compared to a negative of $671 million at year-end 2008. The $737 million improvement is primarily due to gains in the portfolio market values. Lower interest rates have led to lower investment income, however we have a reinvested most of the cash held at the operating companies in higher yielding intermediate term securities, which has helped stabilize quarterly investment income, albeit at lower levels versus 2008. We remain quite pleased with the performance of our commercial mortgage portfolio, which accounts for about 11% of the total investment. We do, however, expect that 2010 will be a more challenging year for the commercial property market due to the effects of sustained high unemployment. Let me now turn to goodwill. We recently concluded our annual goodwill impairment testing. We hold our goodwill in the corporate segment of our balance sheet, but the testing is done at the business segment level. We concluded that we did not have an impairment in the goodwill assigned to our Solutions, Specialty Property, or Health businesses. Our test indicated, however, that an impairment of $83 million was necessary for the goodwill allocated to our Employee Benefits segment. The impairment resulted from the continued gap between the estimated fair value and book value of the segment from the challenging near-term growth environment in the Benefits business. We remain confident in the long-term prospects for Assurant Employee Benefits. Going forward, we expect to maintain our policy of testing our goodwill asset annually in the fourth quarter. So in summary, while we are not satisfied with our overall results for 2009, each of the businesses confronted the reality of the economic environment and took the size of actions to better position itself for the future. Each has identified solid opportunities for growth, and each will continue to focus its resources on those opportunities while minimizing expenditures on other areas. And with that, I’d like to open the floor for questions. Operator, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) We will hear first from Ed Spehar with BofA.
Ed Spehar – BofA: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Ed.
Ed Spehar – BofA: I have a couple questions. I guess first on the comments, Rob, on the use of the authorization, I think you said at least half over the next few years. And I was wondering if – maybe we could get a little bit more color on that, just simply because the comments that Mike just made about the plans to dividend up all of property earnings this year, I guess maybe you could give us an update on the other subs. You used to say $170 million to $230 million from the other subs. I’m assuming that’s down because of Health, but could you give us a little bit of an update on that?
Rob Pollock: Sure.
Ed Spehar – BofA: And I guess whatever that number is, it’s still something. And I guess if I look at that number versus I look at the property number, which – I don’t know, if you think earnings are going to be up or down next year, but it’s still a significant number relative to what’s your annual interest, corporate and dividend expenses of probably like $150 million, $160 million. It seems like you’ve got a lot more capacity to do buybacks and just half of that over the next few years.
Rob Pollock: Okay. Were there others, Ed, do you want me to just start there?
Ed Spehar – BofA: That’s probably good enough for now.
Rob Pollock: Okay. Good. Well, first, I think that one of the strengths of our business model is that we generate free cash flow. And we are starting with that $450 million of deployable capital, and we hope to generate more of it. So in looking at things then, we mentioned we see the share price is very attractive, we are going to be in the market. We are going to evaluate, because we have capital management strategy, what happens to the price and what happens to our available cash and what are the best priorities for use of the resources. Let me just turn things over to Chris Pagano to make a couple comments on it as well since he is intimately involved with it.
Ed Spehar – BofA: Sure.
Chris Pagano: Hi, Ed. I think the key for us with regard to the share repurchase program is to maintain flexibility. We think just – and again, to anticipate a potential other questions that might come up, we’ve decided against an accelerate share repurchase program. We think that that has certain short-term benefits, but doesn’t make sense over the long-term. I think capital management, we prefer to be more dynamic and more flexible. Again, the priority is of investing in the business, pursuing prudent acquisitions, and then again returning capital to the shareholders. We’re going to reevaluate our dividend policy, which we do typically in the second quarter every year. But to maintain the flexibility as we get better line of sight on earnings, dividend, capacity and risks of the business, we think it makes sense to return the capital over time in a way that allows us to prioritize according.
Ed Spehar – BofA: Can I just cut it – I'm sorry, can I just have one second? I guess when we talk about the priorities though, by definition, if you are generating more cash, then you can invest in the business, which is what you are suggesting with saying, you know, the dividends you’re going to take, you don’t need that to invest in the business. So I mean, it seems to me like you crossed that one off of the list. Secondly, when you talk about priority acquisitions, I mean it’s hard to – it's hard to believe you’re going to find something that’s more attractive than your stock at 75% of book value. So I guess it’s just – I know you and others talk about this list of priorities, but I’m just wondering when you stack up those three and sort of check off the first one, because by definition, if it’s excess capital, you don’t need that to invest in the business.
Rob Pollock: Sure. Ed, all fair points. I mean, again, we invest in the businesses as we generate growth with more requirements. We capitalized A.M. Best. So again, we will review through their normal process, are there any changes in requirements there. And again, we are going to be buying today because the threshold – I think Chris said this very well. The threshold for acquisitions is up given where the share price is today. Ultimately we want to grow the business though and we want to have a – we want to have an enterprise that has more. Okay? And if we just buy back all the time, we are going to stay at the same size from a market capitalization standpoint. So – again, the great thing about our model is it’s going to allow us, we believe, the capability to do all these things. And you’ve seen that, you know, although we’ve talked about acquisitions for the last year, 2009 was a year in which I think the insurance industry had the least M&A activity probably in the last 20 years. We are just trying to look at this with a long-term eye on things, not just the current point of view.
Ed Spehar – BofA: Okay. Just the numbers really quickly. Could you give me some update on what that 170 to –?
Rob Pollock: Sure. I think maybe the easiest way to think about it, Ed, is we are in a position to dividend the earnings out of all of our business. Okay? And then we have some expenses at the holding company that are not allocated out to the businesses. And those have typically run in the neighborhood of $50 million, plus or minus. We have interest expense that we need to pay, and we have dividends to shareholders. So those are the three subtractions, if you will, against the operating earnings from the business. And of course, we are talking about slight differences between GAAP earnings and stat earnings. Stat earnings are what we can dividend out of the companies around the capitalization levels.
Ed Spehar – BofA: Great. I understand all that. But just can – is there any way to give us maybe historically of that $170 million to $230 million you used to talk about, how much of that was Health?
Rob Pollock: Well, obviously if you go back in time, Health produced a fair amount of earnings. Okay? I think one of the other ones to look at that we are mentioning here today is we are working on streamlining operations in Solutions, which would allow us to dividend more than the earnings. Okay? And so we’ve started another restructuring project around organizational streamlining. We are not exactly sure of the timing, but we think we can free another $75 million to $150 million of capital there as well. So again, we are trying to manage the capital very efficiently and put it in the context of making and prioritizing deployment of the capital on a long-term basis.
Ed Spehar – BofA: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James & Associates.
Rob Pollock: Good morning.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Hey, good morning, everybody. I (inaudible) go here, but I just – I do want to follow up on what Ed was talking about. It seems to me you’ve got $400 million of excess capital. Now you’ve got, as you said, your dividends, your – you've got your interest expense, you’ve got other hold-co expenses. I mean, you – it would strike me that you can conceivably, ex share repurchase, be sitting on $600 million excess capital by the end of this year?
Rob Pollock: Yes, but we are going to be back in the market next Monday.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Right, right. So take that out. But still, like Ed, it strikes me as a lot of money to – lot of money to hold on to. But be that as it may.
Rob Pollock: No, again, we are not proposing we are going to hold on to all of it. I think – again, you are commenting on how much of that authorization we said we’d use. And we said at least half. Maybe we will use more. Okay? Remember, we tend to take our dividends more toward the end of the year when we have a line of sight, as Chris mentioned, particularly on our property earnings. Okay? So I think that the takeaway message here is, we’ve got a lot of financial flexibility and we are going to deploy it in the most prudent manner we can. And share buyback is right now at the top of the list.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. All right. Okay, if I can go on. I just want to – I want to try to make something clear here to myself on Specialty Property. Rob, I think you said that margin pressures, as loans are consolidated, could negatively affect earnings by about $10 million to $20 million. And then Mike talked about $150 million of business being reinsured. I’ve got two questions with regard to that. A, I wasn’t aware that this business was reinsured, maybe you could discuss that. And B, does the effect of that reinsurances, is that the $10 million to $20 million that you were talking about or is that on top of the $10 million to $20 million?
Rob Pollock: Okay. So first, in our property section, we’ve tried to – if you look at the supplement, Steven, we go through and outline both growth and net earned premium, and we try and reconcile the difference between the two. And you’ll see that there is a piece of our business that is seated [ph] to clients in our numbers. So we – there has always been co-participation of some level. And we think that as things move around, we are going to have a little more of that. I think that –
Mike Peninger: Yes, I think as larger clients and the feel that they can take a little bit more of the risk, so they tend to reinsure. And that’s the source of the $150 million that we talked about, Steven.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Yes, I understand that. I was assuming that that was substantially the US government.
Rob Pollock: No.
Mike Peninger: No.
Rob Pollock: I think that a key thing for you to focus in on is the gross earned premiums, because then the – our relationships with particular clients operate off that gross earned premium structure, but in our GAAP income statement, you’re going to see net earned premium. And so that’s one of the big reasons we display things there. Okay?
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay, sure. And then – so, is that on top of the $10 million to $20 million that you were talking about, Rob?
Rob Pollock: I think it’s kind of in combination. So this is – that consolidation, a little more reinsurance, I think all of that creates this pressure. Okay? Now, the other side of things here is, clearly Gene and his team are working hard on expense saves. Remember, this business grew very, very rapidly. And even over the course of last year, we’ve been doing a lot of things for our mortgage servicers to provide more service. Okay? But as things have started to slow down, Gene and his team have looked to come in at how can we introduce some more operational efficiencies into the business. Okay? So, one is kind of what’s going on with the contracting with our clients. The other is how we are trying to run the business to operate more effectively.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: No, I understand that. I guess my – what I was trying to get at was, you lose 150 million of premium that’s probably something around $20 million. And then $10 million to $20 million on top of that.
Rob Pollock: Right. We are not losing the gross earned premium. And the terms and conditions are working off the gross earned, Steven.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Right.
Rob Pollock: And so again, I think that’s how to look at it. We’re going to maintain our ROEs in this business, and we’re focused on that as well. Okay?
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. But you lose the earnings off of that 150.
Rob Pollock: Not – no, no. We have a relationship with the client that has dictated off a different set of metrics than it’s been historically when it was with a different servicer.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. All right.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, John.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Good morning. So a question on the expense run rate, you guys have taken a bunch of integration – a bunch of severance and related sort of charges this year.
Rob Pollock: Correct.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: What’s the baseline – I guess that’s the way – that's the way I want to ask it. What’s the baseline of expenses that we should be looking at when you say that in 2010 your run rate savings will be roughly $22 million after-tax?
Rob Pollock: I think maybe the simplest way, because we have a lot of moving parts going on, John, is if 2009 started over and we had everything in place that we put in place, we have $22 million after-tax improvement to the bottom line from expense reductions.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Okay. All right. Okay. I’ll get on [ph]. International’s combined ratio, I think if my math is correct, maybe you can just confirm this for me. You reported 114.5%, but if I take out the $10.5 million roughly of pretax restructuring costs and take out – not that it’s going to go from $17 million pretax loss to zero in the first quarter, but if we can believe that you guys can get that UK business at least a breakeven, it seems to me the combined ratio underlying is 102.
Mike Peninger: I think Rob said, John, that we go down by one to two points per quarter over the course of the year.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Yes. I guess – okay. So – let me say it in a different way. The 114.5%, if I take out the restructuring costs, I get – it's about five points, right? So I get to about 109.5?
Mike Peninger: Yes, (inaudible).
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Yes. So if I’m taking out one to two a quarter, four to eight for the year, six at the midpoint, that 109 is going to roughly 103.
Mike Peninger: That’s a fair way to look at it.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Okay. And the business is growing. Correct? I mean, new client additions – 
Mike Peninger: (inaudible)
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Right. Okay. All right. So that’s helpful. Then I guess the last one for you is just to really come back to the capital issue just one more time. And I don’t want to get bogged down on this. My suspicion is it’s really just more of maintaining some flexibility in understanding that your stock is going to move during a period of time, and who knows what becomes more attractive on a relative basis at what point during the year or even in 2011. But just wanted to follow up on Steve’s question, the $450 million roughly of excess capital or deployable capital at year-end ’09, I think Steve mentioned he gets you to about $600 million by year-end 2010 if you don’t do any buybacks. I actually get you to – I get you to more like $800 million. I mean, assuming cats are just – it's a reasonably normal catastrophe year, I mean, why aren’t you producing sort of free cash flow that’s in excess of your earnings, right, because – I mean, if property is going to dividend 100% of earnings and then some capital on top of that, isn’t the deployable capital assuming no buybacks? Isn’t it significantly higher than that a year out?
Rob Pollock: If there is no buyback, the answer is yes. Again, what we’ve outlined, John, is all of property’s earnings is our target for the year. Obviously if we can get more, we will. But we see Solutions as an additional source of capital that –
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: That’s sort of my point, Rob, is – I think you sort of – I mean, I’m – not attacking the math, I just think you sort of okay-ed Steve’s number and I think Steve’s number is low, no disrespect to Steve.
Rob Pollock: Again, you – I think the way to think about this is all the earnings are coming up a little more from organizational streamlining, and then we have the uses that Ed talked about, which are interest, dividends, and corporate expenses not allocated out to the businesses.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Okay. So last one for you then. Let’s assume it’s a good year for Solutions. Okay? Let’s assume that UK gets back to breakeven, does all – you know, you get that combined ratio down sort of at the midpoint, you get that $75 million to $150 million of capital out, and you grow this business. The ROE of 7.5% in 2009, how much do you think – in a good year, how much do you think that ROE can improve in Solutions?
Rob Pollock: You know, I don’t have – I'm just going to – off of the top of my head, I’d rather do the calculation, John. But it’s going to go up –
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: It seems to me – I'm sorry?
Rob Pollock: 100 to 200 BPs for sure. Remember, the – I'm not sure we’ll get all the capital this year. Assuming you do, it will go up faster obviously.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Yes, yes. Okay, obviously. But – okay. But it seems to me – it seems to me like you guys are really taking the steps in Solutions and then you layer on growth, and this is – the story might actually begin to move here.
Rob Pollock: Exactly.
Mike Peninger: I think the – as I said in my comments, John, the Solutions team is very focused on the UK and we are doing a myriad of things and have already done a lot of things. And so I think clearly they are very committed to moving that UK result as quickly as possible.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Okay. Thanks a lot. I’m sure I’ve used up way more than my time. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Jimmy.
Jimmy Bhullar – J.P. Morgan: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Most of my questions have been answered. I just had one on your Health business. I realize you’re pricing the block. If you could give us some idea on how long it takes to reprice your block? Is it a year or would it be two years? And where do you – when should we expect the returns to get to (inaudible)?
Rob Pollock: Yes. We’ve talked, Jimmy, about Health being on track. They have started to implement the price increases, and you do that over the course of the year. As policies renew, you raise the price. Typically they have a one year rate guarantee. And then you are also adjusting your prices on new business that you are selling. So you’ve kind of got steady increases that go through the course of the year. And we’ve said that the target profitability for Health is in that range of 4% after-tax, and we expect to get to there – roughly that level by late next year, say the fourth – late this year, sorry, 2010.
Jimmy Bhullar – J.P. Morgan: And how much – is all of the business annually renewable or with a one year guarantee or is there some that have longer guarantee?
Rob Pollock: There is, I think, some that has longer, but not much. I think it’s mostly annual. And then of course we have short-term products, which renew I think six months.
Jimmy Bhullar – J.P. Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Good morning. Thank you. You talked about the two-year plan to streamline the Solutions business. Is that – are you contemplating it more cut to operating expenses or is that just managing the capital more efficiently and pulling – I think you said $75 million to $100 million in capital out of that operation?
Mike Peninger: It’s really the latter, Mark. The Solutions operates in a variety of legal entities around the world. And there is different things we believe we can do to make more efficient use of the legal structure, which would allow us to get capital – to just use the capital more efficiently.
Rob Pollock: But I’d also add that in every one of our businesses, what we went through was painful. But I would say that it’s – the whole restructuring has become part of the DNA of how we are trying to look at the businesses to operate as efficiently as possible.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Yes. And one follow-up. You had very good growth in your international credit business. Can you talk about your underwriting process there with the UK experience in mind?
Rob Pollock: Sure. Two things. First, a lot of that increase was the result of having written the Royal Bank of Canada. Royal Bank of Canada operates under one of the structures that has been in place for a long time with a kind of a back-end contingent commission arrangement. We have a lot of experience in Canada with – we've been there for over 20 years and think we understand things quite well there. I’d contrast that with the UK, we’ve talked about internationally that about 80% of our international business has kind of a client-sharing on profitability. Unfortunately, the UK happens to be the place where that 20% we don’t have is over-represented, if you will.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Vinay – we’ll take our next question from Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Vinay.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. Hi. Could you provide some clarification on the timing of the gavel [ph] release in the Solutions business? Do you plan to do that this year or would that be spread out over the next couple of years?
Rob Pollock: Well, we are going to try and do it as fast as we can, Vinay. This stuff is sometimes complicated in that. It involves –
Mike Peninger: Regulatory –
Rob Pollock: Exactly. Regulatory approvals in some cases, et cetera. But we think – I think the key is we have the plan outlined on what needs to be done, and we will move things as quickly as we can from our standpoint, realizing we – there will be times when we were waiting for a response from someone else. So – okay.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Okay. The second question was on the Solutions business. The domestic combined ratios were really good, 94%, lower than your target of sort of high 90s. What should we think of as a more normalized number for that next year?
Rob Pollock: I think there are two things. You know that there is where we have things priced. And then, as Mike mentioned, we are dealing with some run-off business that is producing good results. But I think the other thing and a credit to the whole Solutions team is they have worked hard to add more value and improve our profitability in this business with customers. So certainly we are benefiting from that run-off business. But I also think that if we can demonstrate we can add value, they will look to determine if we can get a little – improve our margin.
Mike Peninger: We haven’t – you know, I think we are still saying that over the long-term that high-90s is sort of the target range, but certainly when we are doing better than that, they are doing everything they can at Solutions to try to maintain that.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: How long will the benefit of this run-off business be in the near-term?
Mike Peninger: Well, client bankruptcy, you are running off the premium over the term of our coverage. So you can think about it that – we sold business in the past, manufacturers’ warranties expire, and then our coverage comes in and then we are earning over the remaining period of our warranty, which is typically I would say in that one to three-year range. So if you get further and further from the client bankruptcy, the premium – the earned premium declines.
Rob Pollock: So if we look at it in context of maybe two of the higher profile names for us, CompUSA is about done. Okay? And that was a contributor. We have another – a year to run on the Circuit City piece.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Okay, that’s great. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll hear next from Jeff Schuman with KBW Investments.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Schuman – KBW Investments: Good morning, Rob. How are you?
Rob Pollock: Good.
Jeff Schuman – KBW Investments: I was wondering if we could talk a little bit about the rescissions. You have had a couple of adverse verdicts. Those verdicts I think have attracted some media tension. I guess my concern would be that the verdicts and media tension might inspire additional litigation. Can you give us some sense of how many rescissions occur in a year and how much litigation there has been historically and I guess how much there is currently?
Rob Pollock: Sure. First, obviously we are very disappointed with the verdict. And right now, we have 16 rescissions cases in litigation at the company. But I think we need to put this in context of – you know, we've been in business for 115 years servicing policyholders and paying claims. And when you are in a voluntary market, which we are in, you can’t stay in business without protecting yourself against material misrepresentation and omissions when people apply for coverage. And you got to remember individual coverage is different from group coverage, because we rely on medical information gathered through the application process to make decisions on coverage. And if we find out subsequently information was omitted or misrepresented, we, in some cases, exercise our right to rescind coverage and cancel the policy. And when that happens, we will turn premiums to people. And we recognize we can do a better job of communicating with the applicants and policyholders, and we review our communications and practices on an ongoing basis to improve customer service. We are a leader in individual medical insurance. We’ve got over 0.75 million people insured with the company, and in a very small set of situations, we have to rescind coverage.
Jeff Schuman – KBW Investments: Do you have any rough number – around how many rescissions there are in a year?
Rob Pollock: I don’t have it with me, Jeff, but again we have an extensive process that provides the individual with the – a chance to appeal through us and even appeal through an independent medical exam. But it’s a very, very small percentage. I’m sure less than 1%, maybe probably 0.5%, something like that, of applications that involve a rescission.
Jeff Schuman – KBW Investments: And you said there are 16 cases currently. How does that compare to the sort of historical? Is that kind of a high number historically or a typical number?
Rob Pollock: Two things. One is, the 16 includes the two cases we’ve talked about. So there are 14 others that you haven’t heard about. What I have – I don’t have the specific numbers on rescissions. What I have then is looked at our overall litigation log because I just don’t have the split for prior years. But our litigation log in Health is down. We have 77 cases in total at year-end ’09. That’s down from 110 at year-end ’07. And I’ve got the 16 rescission cases I mentioned earlier. I just don’t have the 110 split, Jeff, but we’re working to get that.
Jeff Schuman – KBW Investments: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question will be from Ed Spehar with BofA.
Ed Spehar – BofA: Thanks. I promise it’s not about share buyback.
Melissa Kivett: That’s okay.
Ed Spehar – BofA: My question is on Specialty Property. You earned something above $400 million this year with no cats. If we go back and look historically, wide range since you guys have been public, but cats on average I think has hurt your results by maybe 4.5 points in the combined ratio. So if I look at 2010 and I think about the base level of earnings, something around $400 million, I load it for cats and I adjust for the $10 million to $20 million that you highlighted in terms of margin pressure. So we got a number – if all that stuff happens, you have a number that’s down, say, in the $330 million or so range, I believe. The other pluses and minuses, can you just talk about them, specifically as you want, but just if we’re thinking about an earnings forecast and we’re thinking about the good stuff that can happen and the bad stuff, beyond cats and beyond the $10 million to $20 million you talked about margin? Thanks.
Rob Pollock: Okay. Couple different things. First is placement of our cat reinsurance program. Chris, you want to just comment on that a minute, and then I’ll come back with a few others, Ed.
Chris Pagano: Yes. We’ve completed the January placement, Ed. And what we are seeing is rates online – equivalent rates online are down somewhere in the 10% to 15% range, as you would expect. There were no storms last year and capital is more plentiful. That’s going to be offset to some extent on some of the change in the growth of the block in particular in the hurricane cat prone southeast coastal regions. So – but we do think if you were to go forward into June that we’re going to see some absolute cost savings in terms of our reinsurance program. Now, the other variable – and this will come back to sort of what kind of cat experience we have in 2010. Our ability to buy second and third event covers cat (inaudible) et cetera. That’s typically something that we will do as part of the June placement. The other variable will be the cat bond, which we are still considering as a possibility. The capital markets pricing there is very attractive, and we will consider that as we go through the first and second quarters.
Rob Pollock: Then on top of the cat side, other things to think about, Ed, are, we think we have streamlined operations and we will generate some expense rate run save. We think that’s probably in the $3 million to $4 million range. We are looking for more. Kind of just related, a piece of color to what Chris talked about is, you know, you’ve seen our REO premiums drop. And we think – we think that they are probably pretty close as a percentage of our total to historic levels, but that was a big driver of things and it has an impact on our geographic footprint because more of those just happened to be in non-cat prone areas. Placement rates, you know what happens with placement rates, will drive results. We publish that data, and depending on what happens there, that could drive things. And I think the last one is kind of what Mike mentioned that – you know, there is new clients. We got a few. And when we can get in that RFP situation, that’s a good one for us.
Mike Peninger: And we continue to think that the loan portfolios will move around. So there is that consolidation, which you’ve certainly seen. And we still think we win the majority of time in those, but that introduces some variance as well.
Ed Spehar – BofA: Okay. I guess just a follow-up then. It sounds to me like everything you just talked about is neutral to positive other than placement rates is sort of being an uncertainty. Is that fair?
Rob Pollock: Right, yes. In other words, we are trying to deal with whatever we can to run this business as operationally efficiently as we can.
Mike Peninger: The other two things I’d point out, Ed, the portfolio effect, which was a positive in 2009 versus 2008, we think that’s – our best guess is that will be neutral for this year. But then the ability to get additional capital out if growth moderates, so that’s going to be another – the variables that we described earlier were really around earnings. And then you’ve got earnings-plus, earnings-minus. Slowing growth would be an earnings-plus effect. And the portfolio we think is neutral at this point, although maybe that will change as the year goes on.
Ed Spehar – BofA: When you say portfolio effect, you mean the consolidation?
Mike Peninger: No, we are not talking about portfolio effect. Keep in mind, on the P&C side, you’ve got to hold back a certain amount of surplus – or capital for unrealized losses. We had significant unrealized losses –
Ed Spehar – BofA: Oh, right, I got you. Yes, I understand.
Mike Peninger: Yes.
Ed Spehar – BofA: Okay. And then just – can you just remind us what the bottom line impact was in 2009 from your reinsurance program?
Rob Pollock: It’s in the supplement, Ed. Let me just grab it real quick. Let’s see. Our total (inaudible) –
Mike Peninger: $180 million-ish I think.
Rob Pollock: Yes. Yes, that’s correct. Pretax.
Ed Spehar – BofA: So pretax, it’s the impact.
Rob Pollock: Yes.
Ed Spehar – BofA: $180 million. Okay. Thank you.
Rob Pollock: In closing, while we see encouraging signs, we are not contempt to wait for a full recovery. We have initiated significant actions to create our own opportunities for growth and to increase profitability. We are pleased with the new business momentum we are building. The cost-saving measures we have already implemented will yield benefits in 2010 and going forward. And our strength in capital position improves our flexibility to build shareholder value for the long-term. Thanks for your interest today, and we look forward to updating you on our first quarter 2010 performance on April 29th.
Operator: This does conclude Assurant’s fourth quarter 2009 call. Please note that a replay will be available as of 12:00 PM Eastern Time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives:   Melissa Kivett – Senior Vice President Investor Relations Robert B. Pollack – President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael J. Peninger – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Christopher J. Pagano – Executive Vice President, Treasurer, Chief Investment Officer & President Assurant Asset Management
Analysts:  Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Steven Schwartz – Raymond James Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton 
Operator:  Welcome to the Assurant third quarter 2009 financial results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. A question and answer session will take place at the conclusion of the prepared remarks. Also, today’s call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President Investor Relations.
Melissa Kivett:  Welcome to Assurant’s 200 third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollack, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant and Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer. Prepared remarks will last about 25 minutes and then we’ll open the call to questions. Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer is also here for questions. Yesterday we issued a news release announcing our third quarter 2009 financial results. The news release as well as corresponding supplementary financial information are also available on our website at www.Assurant.com. Some of the statements that we make during today’s call may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.  We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you to consider the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2008 Form 10K and subsequently filed forms 10Q and 8K which can be accessed from our website. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  Additionally, the presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company’s performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday’s earnings release and the supplementary financial information that is on our website. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Pollack.
Robert B. Pollack : The third quarter of 2009 was good for Assurant on several fronts. Actions we have taken to strengthen performance, reduce expenses and improve loss ratios are paying off but clearly a benign hurricane season factored in to our results. Operating results for the quarter increased both year-over-year and sequential comparisons. We are continuing to explore other avenues to grow our business and improve operating performance in a challenging economic environment. Our financial position at Assurant remains strong and our balance sheet strengthened due to improved asset valuations. We grew our holding company capital position by $110 million in the third quarter to $360 million, our book value per share by about 3% excluding AOCI and we generated an annualized operating return on equity of 10.7%. We also returned approximately $50 million of capital to shareholders including $18 million in dividend and $32 million in share repurchases during the third quarter. At Assurant Specialty Property, results benefited from the lack of storm activity. We added a new client which increased our track loan portfolio and we also saw portfolios of some of our clients grow because of consolidation. However, over the next few years we expect property revenues will decline as the market inventory of subprime loans declines. We also expect the ongoing consolidation of loan servicers will create margin pressures. We continue to execute on the operating efficiencies to deal with these trends. Finally, we’ve already received about $250 million in dividends from this business. We are on track to dividend all of this year’s earnings. Turning to Assurant Solutions, operating results continued to show improvement both sequentially and quarter-over-quarter. We’ve added new clients and distribution channels to deal with the slowdown in consumer spending as well as the bankruptcies with several of our clients. We’re pleased that both our Signal and GE’s Warranty management group acquisitions are producing results consistent with our assumptions.  Our pre-need business is building steady moment and is providing results consistent with our target returns. Internationally results continue to be negatively impacted by high unemployment in the UK. However, we are pleased with progress we are making in Canada and Latin American on both revenues and combined ratios. Domestically, the results have improved from our continued risk management efforts with existing clients.  At Assurant Health we continue to manage through an especially challenging landscape. Although utilization trends continued at historically high levels, they stabilized in the third quarter. The rating and plan design actions we are taking should be sufficient to reflect the utilization we began to experience in the fourth quarter of last year. We expect profitability will be back in the range of a 4% after tax margin by the fourth quarter of 2010. The overall outcome of healthcare reform discussion will not be known for some time. We cannot speculate on what might develop but we can say we support healthcare reform and believe all Americans must have access to quality affordable healthcare. We’re still working to provide input towards a solution. We’re preparing for various possibilities and believe Assurant Health expertise allow us to adapt to changes in the individual market. At Assurant Employee Benefits, while we can’t know when the economy will improve, we are focused on what we can do to generate growth today. The small fold in acquisition of Shenandoah Life along with a new client from the alternative distribution channel Disability RMS, will begin to grow our business in the near term. Next, I’d like to offer some comments on the investment portfolio and the balance sheet. As part of our enterprise risk management efforts, we completed a stress test or tail event analysis of our business. We determined it is prudent to maintain a minimum capital position at the holding company. The events of the last 12 months underscore the importance of having access to capital in situations when it may not be available from external sources. Based on our analysis we believe that our holding company capital position should be at least $250 million before we look to deploy capital. This is consistent with amounts we have held at year end last several years. As I mentioned, we ended the third quarter with $360 million in holding company capital. Looking towards yearend we expect that position will be between $550 and $650 million. This means we have between $300 and $400 million of capital available for deployment. We’re committed to building shareholder value by growing our businesses and executing our specialty insurance strategy. However, we believe our stock is undervalued and we view share repurchase as an attractive use of our available capital. Before I turn it over to Mike, let me summarize some of the trends and actions that will influence future results. In property, we face the headwinds of margin pressures from servicer consolidation. In addition, top line will decline from reducing loan inventory in the near term and reduced placement rates over the longer term. On the positive side, our model continues to win clients in the RFP process. Loans are growing slightly from consolidation by our clients and we’ve found ways to reduce expenses going forward. In solutions, we continue to experience elevated claims related to unemployment in the UK and a general slowdown in consumer spending in the current economy. But, we are pleased with the improvement in our domestic combined ratios, the new clients in distribution models we are adding, and our integration of acquisitions that position us for an improving economy. In health, higher utilization of medical services will continue to influence claims experience in the near term and our pricing and plan design changes may hinder sales. But, we are pleased that third quarter activity tracked consistent with our expectations and we are finding ways to reach consumers with our broad product portfolio. In benefits we are seeing an increase in the utilization of dental services which we believe is related to the economic slowdown and small employers are struggling more than in prior recessions due to a lack of available credit to expand their businesses. This has led to fewer new jobs with small employers but we do feel that small employers will lead the recovery when the economy returns. We’ve take action to reduce expenses and we’ve completed a small acquisition and landing a new client through our alternative distribution channel which should allow us to see growth in the near future. Now, I’d like to turn things over to Mike to talk more about the business level performance and financial results. 
Michael J. Peninger : A drill down in to the businesses affirms the strength of our financial position and that the actions we are making a difference. Let’s start with Assurance Specialty Property; after tax, net operating income increased for the quarter and first nine months of 2009. The absence of reportable catastrophe losses drove the improvement. During the third quarter and nine months of last year we had $94.8 million of reportable catastrophe losses on reinstatement premiums. Third quarter results included a $5.9 million after tax benefit from a subrogation recovery related to the 2007 California wildfires. Net earned premiums decreased 7% in the quarter and 5% for the nine months. These declines were driven by loans lost due to servicer consolidation, drops in premiums from real estate owned policies as fewer subprime loans enter foreclosure, increased sales of foreclosed homes and higher catastrophe reinsurance costs. During the next 12 to 24 months we expect premium levels to continue to decline driven by a reduction in the number of REO policies, lower policy placement rates and possible reductions in average insured values. We also expect services consolidation trends to continue which will cause some variability in our quarterly results. This quarter we added 600,000 new loans, 300,000 of these were subprime loans from a previously mentioned new client that was added for tracking in the third quarter. Another 300,000 came from portfolios that our clients added through market consolidation. These additions were partially offset by other portfolio declines including the previously disclosed 230,000 Merrill Lynch subprime loans that we will lose in the first quarter of 2010. In response to the declining revenue trends, we continue to drive expenses out of our operations through increased automation and disciplined expense management. Overall, we were pleased with another very solid quarter at Assurant Specialty Property.  Let’s move now to Assurant Solutions; net operating income at solutions was up 55% for the quarter versus the same quarter last year. Third quarter 2008 results did include a onetime charge of $7.7 million. For the year, operating income is down 10% versus 2008. The increase for the quarter was driven by improved underwriting experience in our domestic service contract business and solid contributions from pre-need. The domestic combined ration continued to track within our targeted range for the third consecutive quarter which we expect to continue.  Loss experience in the UK credit business is worse in 2008 but did improve slightly in the third quarter versus the second quarter 2009 due to our exit from the problematic Internet channel we have previously discussed. In addition, investment income has declined significantly versus 2008 levels. International combined ratios in 2010 will benefit from cost reduction efforts throughout our operations, the continued moratorium on international expansion and continued improvement in the UK.  Turning to revenue in the United States, the absence of Circuit City production in 2009 has caused a $250 million decline in gross written premiums for the nine months. While the overall environment remains difficult, we did see some growth from existing and new clients in the OEM space in the third quarter. The sequential decline in gross written premiums was partially attributable to the Ford Motor Company program which ran between April and May. That program added about $30 million of gross written premiums in the second quarter. About $12 million of those premiums were earned in the third quarter. Business sold in the past including Circuit City production continues in increase net earned premiums in 2009. After adjusting for the change in pre-need accounting and the impact of foreign exchange, net earned premiums are up 4% for the quarter and 5% for the nine months compared to the prior year. Our pre-need business had a very solid quarter. Same funeral home sales grew 5.8% for nine months versus 2008 as we continue to work effectively with our sales partner SCI.  SCI’s increased utilization of different distribution channels, new outside sales offices and general agents that helped us begin to attract younger customers. The business will also grow due to the acquisition by SCI of Keystone, the fifth largest funeral home chain in the United States which we expect to add an additional 200 funeral homes that will see our pre-need policies.  In the wireless space, the integration of the Signal Holdings operations has gone extremely well. We believe that we now have a compelling offering for the large wireless carriers and our strength is our ability to provide our client with integrated full service solutions. Our integration of GE’s Warranty Management Group has provide us with specialized direct marketing capabilities. These capabilities and the win of the Whirlpool account has helped us build a strong position in the OEM appliance market in North America. While our acquisitions of mortgage distribution channels in the UK are current not meeting top line targets due to the economic slowdown in that Country, we believe that we are well positioned to recover once the economy improves. We’ve also been able to take expenses out of the operation which has helped offset part of the top line short fall.  Overall, we believe that the acquisitions that we’ve made over the past few years have strengthened solutions in several key markets. With the formal integration processes for the most part complete we should see them begin to impact our results more significantly in 2010. In summary, with the exception of the UK, we were pleased with solutions results for the quarter and look forward to further improvements.  Now, let’s turn to Assurant Health. Despite a net operating loss for the third quarter, the underlying business results for Assurant Health improved marginally from the second quarter and consistent with our expectations. June 30th reserves proved to be adequate and no additional reserves strengthening was required in the third quarter. Results for the quarter include a charge of $8.1 million after tax for an adverse ruling in a claim related law suit.  Medical utilization rates continue to run at high levels consistent with trends beginning in the fourth quarter last year but considerably higher than past years. We did see a modest slow down in the number of large claims. Sales of both individual medical and small group plans were up for both the quarter and nine months due to our broad distribution, varied product portfolio and increases in the number of employees leaving employer provided plans. Direct sales and sales of lower priced plans were particularly strong however, the pricing actions we are taken to return our block to profitability may decrease future sales. Net earned premiums at health were down 3% for the quarter and were down 4% for the year. The decreases were driven by high lapses of both individual and small group policies and lower average premiums per member as consumers chose more affordable plans. While we have not yet seen a discernable impact of H1N1 on our business, we do expect it to cause increased utilization and costs.  We are pleased to announce that through a new partnership with Walgreens we plan to cover the cost of administering the H1N1 vaccine for our insured customers who get their shots at any of the more than 7,000 Take Care Clinics located in Walgreens drug stores. We estimate that the cost of administering the vaccines and H1N1 related medical services will increase our claim expenses by $8 to $10 million after tax during the next six to eight months which we see as a great investment in our customers’ health. We expect that our pricing and plan changes combined with the expense reduction efforts will return the health business to target profitability by late in 2010. We remain optimistic that by leveraging our expertise, product breadth and distribution reach we will find numerous growth opportunities in the individual medical market place.  Now, let’s move to Assurant Employee Benefits. Net operating income was down 47% and 46% for the quarter and nine month periods respectively. The declines reflect less favorable loss experience across all product lines. This is not an unusual trend during tough economic times. Net earned premiums for the quarter and the year are down as small businesses continue to reduce headcount, curtail salary increases and scale back their benefit offerings. In these difficult times, we are increasing our focus on voluntary or employee paid coverages. Sales of voluntary coverage were up 35% to $18 million in the third quarter. In addition, we are encouraged by the sales pipeline in our disability RMS channel and we are pleased to announced the acquisition of the majority of the group business of Shenandoah Life which will add approximately $15 million of annual premium next year.  I’ll turn next to our investment portfolio, which as Rob mentioned, benefited from improvements in the credit markets and government efforts to engineer a lower interest rate environment. AOCI improved by $793 million versus December 31st primarily due to the improvement in the portfolio market values. Lower interest rates have put downward pressures on investment income however we have reduced our cash position which has helped stabilize quarterly investment income albeit at lower levels versus 2008. Longer term we expect interest rates to move higher and provide better overall risk adjusted yields.  Our commercial mortgage portfolio which is about 11% of total investments continues to perform well and we have no delinquencies as of quarter end. During the third quarter we completed our annual appraisal process in which we effectively underwrite every loan in the portfolio using current market metrics. The portfolio’s loan to value ratio increased to 62% versus 53% last year due primarily to an increase in market capitalization rates. Our debt service ratio improved slight to 1.87 compared to 1.85 the prior year. While we are quite pleased with the portfolio’s performance, we are mindful of the potential effects of sustained high levels of unemployment on the commercial property market.  Our balance sheet remains solid stock holders equity excluding AOCI increased to $4.8 billion in the quarter. We have no debt maturing until 2014 and overall asset leverage of 2.7 to 1 and a 17% debt to equity ratio. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI increased to $40.57, up 9% from year end and 3% from the second quarter.  Before I finish my prepared remarks I’d like to comment on two other corporate matters. The first pertains to the goodwill asset carried on our balance sheet. Our policy is to perform our annual impairment testing in the fourth quarter of each year. Due to the significant increases in unrealized gains in our investment portfolio, we performed an interim review of the goodwill ascribed to the solutions and employee benefit segments in the third quarter. We conclude that the asset was not impaired as of September 30th. It is possible that our fourth quarter test will indicate that an impairment charge is necessary. Finally, we wanted to provide an update on the previously disclosed SEC investigation. After a period of inactivity, we have had recent discussion with the SEC staff about the investigation. Beyond the fact that contact has resumed, we have nothing new to announce at this time. I should note that because of the discussions with the SEC we did not renew our share repurchase program. As Rob noted, we continue to our shares to be attractively be priced at current levels so we look forward to buying new shares as soon as we can. In summary, third quarter results reflect our continuing efforts to strengthen the company despite macroeconomic challenges and we believe that Assurant remains fundamentally sound at its core. Now, I’ll turn things back to Rob to open the floor for questions.
Robert B. Pollack : Operator, we’re ready for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I had a question about specialty property, I was curious about the placement rate sequentially. Subprime placement rates continued to increase whereas prime sort of flattened out and I guess I was kind of thinking that maybe the reverse would be more likely. Do you think prime placement has flattened out here or was that kind of a one quarter flattening out do you think?
Robert B. Pollack : I believe in any particular quarter Jeff things like that can happen. We brought, as Mike mentioned, some new loans in to the portfolio. I wouldn’t read anything in to the one quarter number.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Obviously it’s extremely difficult to kind of think about scenarios for the health business but it’s also difficult to ignore the situation as well. Certainly, one of the concepts kicking out there would sort of move you off of a sort of underwritten model. If you can’t really underwrite for pre-existing conditions, potentially how dramatic is that scenario, does that mean the existing book of business would go away and you would kind of half to start over with a new product and new underwriting model or could it potentially be less dramatic than that?
Robert B. Pollack : Well, a couple of different things I’ll comment on. First, Don Hammond and the team at Assurant Health have put together a variety of different scenarios including the one you talked about Jeff and said, “In that environment how would we play and win?” We believe we have strategies that could operate there. Remember that the reform that is talked about takes place and is effective 2013 so we’re looking several years out in the future before that comes in to effect.  I think another important point to consider in all that is existing people will be allowed to maintain or in much of legislation keep the plans that they have meaning you’re going to kind of have a different set of risks after the 2013 compared to ones that are underwritten prior to. So, maintaining that block of business of what you have on the books prior to reform will be a consideration as well. But again, until things are finalized we’re guessing and our goal is to make sure we understand how we can effectively plan in the new environment.
Michael J. Peninger : I was just going to mention to that the size of the market is a factor too because we expect the market to be a lot bigger under the scenarios particularly as we think is right there’s a coverage mandate.
Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Lastly, on the SEC discussion and I guess kind of the suspension again of the share repurchase, if those discussions continue are there other ways for you to manage capital other than share repurchase directly? Acquisitions? I’m just kind of trying to think how that would go if that was sort of protracted?
Michael J. Peninger : Well there’s dividends. I mean, there are some other options and at the end of the day we make a judgment about whether we have material inside information. That’s what precludes from instituting a share repurchase. The fact that there’s ongoing discussion may or may not lead us to draw that conclusion Jeff.
Robert B. Pollack : I’d also point out that our goal Jeff is to consistently return capital to shareholders and I think we have a track record of doing that both through dividends and regular increases to the dividends as well as repurchase. Those are two ways we look at things.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven Schwartz – Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Just following up on the SEC investigation, I saw a piece that you guys put out about Adam Lamnin, is he back now or was he already back?
Robert B. Pollack : He has been back Steven and as we recently announced he joined Assurant Health as the Chief Operating Officer.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Vis-à-vis the SEC investigation and the rating agencies, I guess you’ve done your tail model, you came up with what you think you need at the holding company. I guess the question is given the SEC have you bothered to show that and discuss potential share repurchases with the rating agencies?
Robert B. Pollack : Yes, we’ve continued to have regular dialogs with all the rating agencies and we’ve shared a lot of detail tail event analysis with them. Chris, I don’t know if you would want to amplify on that?
Christopher J. Pagano : Again, the decision about holding company capital was really the result of the enterprise risk management efforts we’ve undertaken during the course of the year. The enterprise risk management is a focal point for the rating agencies and we have shared both the process and the conclusions with them. They are aware of how we go about doing this and the conclusions that we’ve reached.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Just two more fasts ones, Mike the potential for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter vis-à-vis which you’ve kind of done preliminary in the third quarter, what could change that could make that happen? What would have the biggest effect I guess?
Michael J. Peninger : Well, you go through a process of looking at the value of each of the businesses and then you take that value and kind of subtract off other assets in each of the businesses and then your balancing item is goodwill. So, you determine a value of that. So, the things that go in to it are your projections of future earnings of the business, you also look at changes in the market values at a point in time of the tangible assets that you have on the balance sheets, your estimates of intangible values. You’re going through a lot of different assumptions. You’re looking at current events at any point in time along with future projections and so as things change in the environment that affect any of those things it can cause to reach a different conclusion.
Robert B. Pollack : But I think one of the important things for investors to take away is whatever goes on with goodwill has no impact on our holding company capital, okay. That amount of money we’re talking about a year end will be there regardless of anything that happens here.
Michael J. Peninger : Right.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Finally, Mike you mentioned that TIV might come down in specialty property. Would that just reflect a mix shift?
Michael J. Peninger : I think so, yes pretty much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I wanted to talk a little bit more about the capital and share buyback. You don’t have any authorization outstanding now, is that correct?
Michael J. Peninger : No, we do have authorization outstanding Ed. I believe it’s $170 million.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: What was the comment about didn’t renew share repurchase program because of the discussions.
Robert B. Pollack : We had a 10B51 program in operation Ed and when this came up we believed it was prudent to not renew that program.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But then if we’re talking about the share buyback from here, I think what you’re saying is that discussions with the SEC do not necessarily preclude you from buying back stock and the fact that you have now disclosed to us that you’re having discussions that at least is not a material non-public piece of information.
Robert B. Pollack : It think two things Ed, first we’re a conservative company, we don’t want to do anything that could have unintended consequences and so we’re just being prudent as we consider all the things that are going on related to the investigation.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Then just on the capital numbers, if I heard you correctly Rob you said that you thought that the holding company capital was going to build from $360 to $550 to $650 by year end?
Robert B. Pollack : Correct.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: What is leading to the $200 to $300 million increase in one quarter?
Robert B. Pollack : Just dividends. We’ve pointed out before Ed that we tend to have our dividends focused towards end of the year after cap season because we have a line of sight then on our earnings a little better particularly in property so we’ve just set things up that way. It also allows us to have that feedback and dialog with the rating agencies. It’s kind of our normal process and Chris maybe you want to amplify a little bit about ordinary versus extraordinary.
Christopher J. Pagano : Again, just a couple of things, Rob’s point that we tend to back end load the dividend from the various operating subsidiaries, a couple of things that changed from last year again, the portfolio results are not going to be the drag that they were last year. Property, we’ve taken about $250 or $260 of property’s profit which is left in the full profitability through the three quarter and we’re going to get all of property’s profits up to the holding company. The idea is we capitalized to the AM Best ratings and to maximize financial flexibility we take every extra dollar up and put it at the holding company. You add up a variety of factors and we feel like the $550 to $650 number is a good range for year end.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess then if we’re thinking about free cash flow from here, it doesn’t seem like there’s any reason to think that your ability to take up 100% of specialty property earnings is going to change any time soon given top line trends, isn’t that fair?
Michael J. Peninger : I think that’s a fair statement. It’s the earnings and then of course moderating and potentially declining top line growth making additional capital available.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I think you use to talk about the other segments providing you somewhere in the neighborhood of $200 million a year of dividend capacity, is that still a reasonable expectation
Robert B. Pollack : Again, lots of factors that come in to play, not the least of which is how AM Best modifies their [inaudible] measures on an annual basis. When I think about it you think about earnings adjusted for any kind of additional growth to be held back and then net of portfolio affects. That’s a probably better rule of thumb rather than putting a set dollar amount on the numbers.
Michael J. Peninger : At least in the near term, obviously we’ve had difficult in the health business so at least in the near term that’s affecting it too.
Edward Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess the point is that the free cash flow generation seems to be running at I guess even a higher level than people had been assuming. I guess the final thing that I would like to ask, you gave us I think a good comment here at least in terms of optimism on the health business of a target of getting back to a 4% after tax margin by the fourth quarter of 2010. There’s a lot of uncertainty in health and you guys are willing to give a target, a forward-looking statement at least on a margin number on that business. I’m wondering if there’s any reason you can potentially, not that I don’t want to work but just potentially give us a little bit of a helping hand on a couple of these other segments at least on a margin standpoint? I’m not sure you would argue that there’s any less uncertainty in health than there is in any of the other businesses in terms of margins?
Robert B. Pollack : Sure, if we go to solutions, we’ve tried to combined ratio domestically. We think we’re operating at those Ed. We know we need to ultimately improve things internationally. We’ll have a little better line of sight on that as we get a little more clarity on the economy. We’re trying to do that. The other side of thing sis obviously just the investment portfolio and Chris and Mike both mentioned that new money yields are down. We don’t think that’s going to last forever but right now you can see the dampening impact it’s had on investment income this year versus last. We’re trying to give more qualitative color related to that and we’ll continue to work to do that as we move forward.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Just to be clear, since you’re speaking with the SEC you’re going to be retrained or you’re going to be hesitant to buy back shares or are you opening to buying back shares now?
Robert B. Pollack : We have to make an evaluation Mark of whether we have material inside information and if we do then we can’t institute a new 10B5 plan which is the way we buy back shares. It’s an automatic plan. 
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Practically speaking you could be buying back shares at any time if you make that determination?
Robert B. Pollack : If a plan was put in place then we could buy under the terms of that plan.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Then in the health business have you adjusted the price yet and what do you anticipate the magnitude will be of any rate changes? 
Robert B. Pollack : Two things Mark, I think first that our normal trend in this business we’ve pointed out has run in the mid teens depending on where we’re talking bout in the country. Then obviously we’ve had to put in additional price or plan change to deal with the higher utilization we’ve seen. We’re doing that, we’re doing it on renewals, we’ve started it on new business as well and again, this is something, part of our history having been in this business for such a long time we believe we have good line of sight on how those changes work their way through a block of business.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Then this question may have been asked before but the flexibility in cutting costs in the property business, a question of fixed versus variable, if you’ve been running at expense ratios in the low 40s, with the circumstances you anticipate, how should we think about where that ratio will be a couple of years down the road?
Robert B. Pollack : I think we can look back at run rates on expenses over time. We obviously prior to the increase in penetration rates we had a run rate, we know we got some benefits related to the Safeco acquisition and I think that is a good starting point. On top of that however is Gene and his team are working very hard to find additional operating efficiencies. We mentioned last quarter some of the ones we found. We’re looking to take actions to improve results. They’re looking at that, they’re trying to come up with additional ones and I’m confident over time they’ll find some.
Michael J. Peninger : I guess I’d just point out too that we have a bit of a balancing act in working with our clients because the clients are struggling themselves with workloads and inundated with new work that they’ve asked us to help them with. Some of that, that greats expense for us but then enters in to part of the discussion with them about how to price and all that sort of stuff too.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: I know we’re all targeting this SEC issue and the buyback but maybe a couple of different questions about it for you. It appears to me based on the average price that you guys paid buying back your stock during the quarter that you were sort of mid to late August early September so is it far to say the SEC sort of reinitiated contact with you sometime in September?
Michael J. Peninger : I think that’s about when it happened John.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: My question is, if you feel like discussions with them just simply reengaging in discussions is that a material event and now we’ve disclosed it or is it a fear that there’s potential for a meaningful cost of resolution i.e. fine or penalties and you need to hold back capital for something like that?
Michael J. Peninger : I guess John we’re not buying back now. At the end of the day we hope to be able to do so as soon as possible but we have to, as I said earlier, we have to make a judgment about whether we have inside information. That’s really the call that we’re making and as Rob said we’re a conservative company so we want to make that decision as thoughtfully as possible. 
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: I guess the question then is and maybe you already know the answer based on what you said, when do you make that judgment? Has that judgment been made?
Robert B. Pollack : I think a couple of things John, if you look at when we got out of the market, we then got in to a blackout period, okay. So, it’s something that we’re assessing on a regular basis and we’ll continue to do so. The big take away here is we see the stock as attractively priced and we want to buy back as soon as we can.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Let’s switch gears for a second, I know Steve touched on this with you Mike but the goodwill idea that you guys did sort of a preliminary review, can you compare the depth of that sort of review that you already did with how much additional incremental work you would do on a more formal impairment testing in the fourth quarter? How much has to really change in a two or three month period of time for an impairment to be recorded?
Michael J. Peninger : Well, you have to relook at all of your assumptions John. During the interim period we did look – we go through the same process. You’re looking at external events though. One of the ways for examples that you would try to look at the value of each of the segments is by looking at values of peer companies that could move around, you’ve got market values of assets that move around, you’ve got changes in interest rates and then another one is just your internal projections which typically aren’t going to change radically in a three month period but they can change. There’s just lots of different variables John. It’s not like we didn’t use the same process. It is the same process.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Then just specifically on the goodwill, how much is there related to solutions versus benefits? And, is there any in any other segments?
Michael J. Peninger : We have goodwill in all of our segments. It’s actually in the 10K but the solutions is about $370 million of goodwill and benefits has I think $180 or so million.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Last question, just on the health segment, I think in our discussion last night and then in your comments this morning it sounds like definitely the pricing actions you’ve taken are negatively impacting your lapse rates i.e. you lapse rates have definitely spiked a bit. Can you give us a sense for how much they’ve moved from a normal – if I sort of typically think historically you’re lapse rate is at about 25% annually. How much higher is it now running?
Robert B. Pollack : First, I think it’s a little hard to separate John just the one variable because a lot of just what’s happened because of the economy has caused things to go up as well. We think our lapse rates are running a couple of points higher. Again, we’re certainly trying to be mindful of that. Don and his team work hard. We’ve got a retention unit trying to keep people. Little anecdotes are a lot of the lapses are occurring just because people don’t have the money to pay for the coverage. That’s a different dynamic than we’ve historically seen so it’s hard to separate that pricing action from that economic action. Again, we’re trying to be responsive and find ways and keep more of that business in a changing environment.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Then related, with the pricing actions that you’ve taken I know there are a lot of different product designs and a lot of different price points but can you give use a sense for as you look across the market at the typical competitors that you run up against especially in the individual market, how different are you prices right now, how much higher relative to your top competitors in the market place right now?
Michael J. Peninger : That’s a really hard question to answer John because it’s so market specific and typically there is – your relative comparison can vary vastly from one competitor to the next. There’s not a single competitor in every market. And, we also think that the trends are affecting our business are affecting other carriers too. This is not like it’s stuff that’s unique to us. 
Robert B. Pollack : I think the one thing that is clear is our affordable healthcare which is a modified designed, more first dollar benefit coverage is resonating in the market. It’s a lower premium per member product and we’re seeing a lot of response to that product. 
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Just a quick clarification on the claims cost of $8 to $10 million after tax for the H1N1 flu shots that you’re covering. I just missed what the time frame is for that and is there anybody else picking up that cost or just you guys? Are you passing it along in any way?
Michael J. Peninger : We’re paying for the cost of the vaccinations. If there’s flu, if people actually get the flu and go in and get treated that would become treated like a normal claim but we’re picking up the cost of administrating the vaccines and we were excited to have this opportunity with Walgreens to let our customers go in and get that at any of the Walgreens clinics.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: That’s $8 to $10 million over what period?
Michael J. Peninger : It was six to eight months.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: And that begins sort of now?
Michael J. Peninger : Yes.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: On the specialty property is the natural attrition of the subprime portfolio running around 10% this year?
Michael J. Peninger : I don’t have the number off the top of my head Adam but we’ve got them in our supplement, the subprime loans. There really haven’t been any new ones coming on this year so you could kind of look at the draw down there.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Do you think that draw down will accelerate in 2010/2011 as more of the older vintages of subprime just eventually go away or pay off or do you think it stays more level next year?
Robert B. Pollack : I think some of that will be dependent on if there’s any new subprime issues. Again, we look at it as an inventory Adam. Certainly there are going to be some that move out in to foreclosed and then and REO status. If there’s new subprime loans that are originated they can replace that. Obviously there just hasn’t been any of that replacement origination going on for a while. On the other hand I’d point out historically there has been a subprime market and maybe not at the levels of the last few years but certainly it’s contributed to 10% or so of the outstanding mortgage loans.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Also, in your earlier remarks you said there’s obvious risk of losing business in consolidation. Has that been heightened recently as we see more and more banks get in trouble?
Michael J. Peninger : Well, there’s been lots of consolidation going on. This is where we benefit from having the market share that we do and we have two thirds of the market so we believe that when there’s consolidation we’re more likely to win than lose but certainly we have lost loans to consolidations but over the long term we believe as consolidation continues we’re going to win more of our share, win more than we lose.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Do you think consolidation will pick up over the next 12 months compared to what we’ve seen?
Robert B. Pollack : If you look at the top four the growth has been enormous over the last three or four years Adam. I don’t have the numbers in front of me but I think the share of the top four is almost double in the last couple of years. They can only get 100% of the market, I don’t think they’ll get all of it. I think that maybe that will slow down a bit.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: You mentioned the goodwill, which areas I guess would be under greater stress for potential goodwill write downs?
Michael J. Peninger : We look at all of our segments. We did the interim review of solutions and employee benefits. Those were the ones that you’d look at a little closer to the edge I guess.
Robert B. Pollack :  Each of our businesses is working to improve performance through operating efficiencies while pursuing additional clients to grow their businesses. We’ve strengthened our enterprise risk management activities to better understand and plan for scenarios that could adversely impact results. We’ve remained well positioned with holding company capital to meet a variety of needs. We look forward to updating you on our continued progress. 
Operator:  This does conclude Assurant’s third quarter 2009 call. Please note that a replay will be available as of 11 am Eastern Time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. During the presentation, listeners are in a listen-only mode. Instructions for posing questions will be given following the presentation. As a reminder today's conference is being recorded. I would now like turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett; Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett: Thanks Lisa. Welcome to Assurant's 2009 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant; Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer; Gene Mergelmeyer, our President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant Specialty Property, and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Prepared remarks today will last about 25 minutes, and then we'll open the call to questions. Yesterday, we issued a news release announcing our second quarter 2009 financial results. This news release as well as corresponding supplementary financial information is available on our website at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make today may contain forward-looking information. And our actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you to consider the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2008 Form 10-K and subsequently filed Forms 10-Q and 8-K, all of which you can find on our website. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additionally, the presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For a more detailed disclosure on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's earning release and the supplementary financial information that's on our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks Melissa and good morning, everyone. The second quarter of 2009 was difficult for us. And we are especially disappointed by the operating results of Assurant Health. We understand the problems and are taking actions to return this segment to profitability as soon as possible. In addition, we are implementing actions in all our businesses to improve performance while meeting the needs of our clients. We certainly understand concerns about the quarter's performance. We share your concern. And in a moment, I'll address what happened? But before I do, I want to mention that in evaluating the numbers, don't forget that our financial position is stronger, despite the unprecedented pressures in the economy and other negative factors. During the first six months, we've achieved annualized operating return on equity of 10.5%. And our fully diluted book value per share has increased over 16% since year-end. Now, what's the underlying story behind the quarter. Let me begin with Assurant Health. Higher utilization of medical services continued to negatively affect our results. This was driven by three primary factors. First, people are visiting the doctor more often. We believe this is likely related to a fear of losing health insurance. Second, doctors are increasing the number of tests for services performed when patients visits. This maybe related to reductions in reimbursement for Medicare. Third, we experienced an increase in large dollar claims during the second quarter. This maybe related to continued improvements in technology, as well as hospitals' need for revenue. While these factors are tied to the economy and consumer behavior in the marketplace, we should have recognized these trends sooner. In our other businesses, the year-over-year changes reflect the decidedly different economic environment in 2009 than in 2008. In solutions, we're dealing with client bankruptcies, a dramatic slowdown in consumer spending and high unemployment in the United Kingdom. In Benefits, small employers are struggling to stay in business, resulting in fewer additions to staff, reductions in employer paid benefits and higher utilization of benefits where employees fear losing their coverage. In Specialty Property, we've gone from an environment of bidding to acquire clients to dealing with servicers being consolidated and requiring more support from us. With that as the backdrop, what are we doing and what is our view of the terrain ahead? Overall, we are implementing cost saving initiatives that will reduce future expenses by about $20 million pre-tax on an annualized basis. The timing of these savings varies by business, but will begin in the second half of this year and be fully implemented in 2010. Now, let's talk in greater detail about each of the businesses. I'll start with the Assurant Health. We have targeted some specific benefit plans for pricing and design changes. Additionally, in response to the marketplace factors I mentioned earlier, our pricing will now reflect increased utilization of medical services. And we are negotiating provider arrangements to deliver more affordable services for our customers. Assurant Health remains an active participant in the national debate over healthcare reform. CEO Don Hamm, continues to lead the AHIP task force on individual health insurance and has worked extensively with other key stakeholders inside and outside of Congress on the design and funding mechanisms for reform of the healthcare system. Concerns about funding are causing policy makers to reassess the timing and direction of the reform, and we expect the extensive dialogue will continue throughout the remainder of this year. We are reviewing the impact of a number of possible scenarios for the final reform package and we'll adjust our business model to allow us to compete in the new environment. We remain confident that individual medical insurance will play an important role in any new design. At Assurant Solutions, we remain optimistic about the growth opportunities in the wireless and the original equipment manufacture warranty markets. We are seeing improvement in our domestic combined ratios. During the quarter, unemployment claims in the UK negatively affected our international combined ratio. We believe this should begin to improve during the remainder of the year from actions we've put in place. At Assurant Employee Benefits, we saw improvement in disability experience during the quarter. Our voluntary sales continued to gain traction, as they increased for the quarter and year-to-date. Gene Mergelmeyer is here today and will update you further on results in Specialty Property. But I'll offer a few broad comments. We continue to support a stabilizing mortgage market. The sheer number of changes underway in the market is a positive indicator. But the pace of decline in revenues from real estate owned properties has been faster than we expected. Now, let me move to our investment portfolio and balance sheet, two areas of strength. This quarter's investment income is lower compared to 2008, in part because we continue to focus on shorter duration, more liquid investments. We believe that this approach gives us the flexibility to earn better risk-adjusted returns going forward. With recovery in the credit markets this quarter, we were able to redeploy some of the portfolio's cash in the higher yielding assets. Our capital position is solid. We began 2009 with about $230 million of capital at the holding company, and it has increased to $250 million at the end of the second quarter. This excludes the proceeds we will receive from the legal settlement of 85 million. Dividends from our business units are weighted towards the second half of the year, allowing us to evaluate any changes to best capital model, portfolio results, storm activity and operating earnings. At this point, we believe the best changes will be minimal, which should allow us to dividend the majority of Specialty Property's earnings this year. Our capital deployment priorities remain unchanged. First, we want to use our capital to support organic growth. Second, we look for acquisitions to support our businesses and our third priority is to return capital to shareholders. We increased our dividend during the quarter, but we did not buy back shares, even though we view as attractive at their current prices. Given the continued improvements in the credit markets since quarter end, we are very close to the level where we would buy back shares. The amount of repurchase will be influenced as we enter storm season. In summary, despite the economic headwinds our focus is on adapting more quickly, improving operationally and taking actions to capitalize on opportunities when they are available. With that mid-year overview in mind, let's now dive deeper into the results of each of our four businesses. I'll begin by turning it over to Gene Mergelmeyer to talk in greater detail about Assurant Specialty Property. Gene?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Thanks Rob and good morning, everyone. At Assurant Specialty Property, we continue to have a strong business model that is producing very good returns. We're focused on continuing to improve our efficiency and support our clients during this period of extraordinary change in the mortgage market. Our net operating income was $91.2 million for the quarter and 195.9 million for the first six months of 2009. Both very good results, but admittedly not as spectacular as the first part of 2008. The decrease in our earnings is primarily, tied to slowing revenue. So I'd like spend some time today and give you some insight into the trends of our top-line. Net earned premium decreased in the quarter and the first six months of 2009. The loss of sub-prime clients that we previously announced, additional loan reductions and the decrease in real estate owned business, resulted in the decline of our premiums, despite an increase in some of the placement rates and the growth of our average insured values. We expect the premium levels to continue to moderate in the long run. While loan consolidation has been slow in the first six months of 2009, we do believe that that trend will continue going forward. First and the biggest revenue driver was the number of loans tracked. It continues to decline particularly in the sub-prime space. This reflects both loan losses that we previously disclosed on some of the high placement sub-prime loans, we lost to industry consolidation and a reduction in industry loan volumes resulting from virtually no new originations. During the quarter, we did add 50,000 prime loans through consolidation that will slowly begin producing some premium in the third quarter. We look forward to producing premium from the previously announced 300 sub-prime loans that we want through an RFP process, with a small portion of the premium appearing in the third quarter and the full start of production in the fourth quarter. Premium will be added on new, uninsured properties, and as enforced policies expire. Unfortunately, we were notified that our contract with the Merrill Lynch account will be cancelled effective December 31, 2009, as they consolidate the business within Bank of America. This includes 230,000 sub-prime loans and premium on REO properties. We just received a notice and have no further details on the loss of the loan volume. The second main driver in revenue is the number of real estate owned properties in both the market and our client inventory are shrinking. REO premium decreased from a high of 23% of gross earned premium in the third and fourth quarters of 2008 to 16% in the second quarter of 2009. This is a function of real estate owned properties being sold and outpacing those moving out of foreclosure due in part the various state, federal and client initiatives. Actions have varied widely among clients. Certain clients have done some bulk REO sales, while other clients continue under foreclosure moratorium during the entire quarter. REO has declined as a result of properties related to loan portfolios lost due to industry consolidation as well. We believe we have likely seen the top of the REO premium. But production going forward could be somewhat variable as market factors affect foreclosures and property sales. The third driver is catastrophic reinsurance premium that have been substantially higher in 2009, with $10.7 million of additional expense in the quarter and $23.6 million of additional expense for the first six months. These costs have increased due to three main factors. We purchased additional coverage, commensurate with our exposure, we decided not to participate in the elective Florida Hurricane CAT Fund, and tickle fund, and we absorbed an overall increase in industry rates. All this was done to build a very comprehensive, catastrophic coverage. As premiums continue to moderate to more normalized levels, we will look to be freeing capital supporting the business. In 2008, we're able to free about 70% of our net operating income. This year, we're striving to increase that percentage. Current market conditions demand that we adjust our expenses to a more moderate premium level. Our second quarter results include $3.8 million of pre-tax expenses related to the consolidation of several of our operations. This is expected to yield $5 million in annual expense savings starting in 2010. We continue to work on additional technology and workflow initiatives, designed to continue to increase efficiency for the benefit of 2010 and beyond. During the second quarter of 2009, the loss ratio increased as a result of higher than normal frequency of smaller scale weather events, particularly wind and hail. The ratio was also impacted by the increase in the catastrophe agreements. In summary, although our business has moderated, as we knew it ultimately would, we're focused on managing expenses, capital and continuing to produce strong results. Our disciplined risk management and continued alignment with market leaders, positions us well to benefit as the mortgage market slowly returns to long-term health. Now I'd like to turn things over to Mike Peninger. Mike?
Michael J. Peninger: Thanks Gene. Despite a fast changing environment, you and your team at Specialty Property continued to produce strong returns on equity and are taking the necessary steps to maintain your market leading position as the mortgage industry evolves and long portfolios are consolidated. Now, let me turn to the results for the rest of the company beginning with Assurant Health. We are very disappointed to report a net operating loss for the quarter and minimal operating income for the first six months. We noted in our first quarter earnings call that we based our March 31 reserves on the assumption that fourth quarter of 2008 claim cost increases were a temporary aberration and utilization rates would return to prior levels. Unfortunately, this has not proven to be the case. The higher trends experienced in the fourth quarter continued into 2009 and have remained at levels which are significantly above historical norms. We now believe it is prudent to assume that these higher utilization patterns will persist and we have calculated our June 30 reserves based on that assumption. In addition, we strengthened the reserves we are holding at June 30 for claims incurred prior to the second quarter by $9 million after-tax. With this strengthening, we believe that our June 30 reserves adequately provide for an incurred but unreported claims. But changes in utilization patterns and costs have been significant. So we'll be closely analyzing third quarter development to ensure that this is the case. In addition to adjusting reserves, we're taking targeted pricing actions across our book of business to properly reflect the increase claim costs we're seeing. We started implementing price increases in certain portions of the block late in 2008. But it is clear with the benefit of hindsight that we underestimated the speed and magnitude of cost increases in a number of areas. In general, we have been hurt by richer benefit plans and by extended rate guarantees for certain plan designs. So we're concentrating corrective action on those areas. We're also reflecting changes in medical practice patterns in our base pricing. We're seeing more tests and procedures being performed for certain diagnosis and shift towards more extensive testing. We believe that these trends are likely to continue. Given these steps we anticipate that Assurant Health will be modestly profitable in late 2009 or early 2010. However, the full extent of our actions will not be realized across our book of business until late in 2010. We continue to monitor emerging experience and will make further pricing or plan design changes as appropriate. Net earned premiums at Assurant Health were down 4% for the quarter and the year. The decreases were driven by higher lapses of both individual and small group policies, and lower average premiums for member, as consumers choose more affordable plans. Individual medical sales were versus the second quarter of 2008 as we continued to benefit from our broad distribution, expanded product portfolio and increasing numbers of employees leaving employer provided plans. Future sales will be impacted by the economic environment, as well as our relative competitive position in the market. Despite a disappointing first half of 2009, Assurant Health remains focused on providing affordable healthcare options for consumers participating in the healthcare dialogue and taking the necessary steps to return to profitability. Now let's move to Assurant Solutions. Net operating income at Solutions was down 14% for the quarter and 27% for the six months. Part of the decrease for the quarter is due to higher than normal income tax expense driven by changes in the mix of domestic and international profits. Pre-tax results for the quarter were down 5% versus the second quarter of 2008. The domestic combined ratio continues to improve reaching its lowest levels since the first quarter of 2008, driven primarily by the integration of our 2008 acquisitions of the GE Warranty Management Group and Signal Holdings. Both have helped to improve domestic loss experienced as we integrate our offerings to provide better service to our clients and customers. The international combined ratio increased by 20 basis points for the quarter at 260 basis points for the six months, driven primarily by continuing the unfavorable loss experienced in unemployment coverage in the United Kingdom, due to the high unemployment rates and duration of unemployment there. Experience on a previously discussed unemployment products sold through a direct internet distribution channel continued to be poor. However, we have exited this product and transferred all policies to another carrier effective June 1st of 2009. Our remaining risk on the product is combined claims for unemployment, which began prior to that date and we believe our reserves are adequate for those claims. Like other Assurant businesses, Solutions have taken steps to reduce expense run rates. Second quarter results reflect $3.6 million of pre-tax restructuring charges in our domestic service contract operations. We believe those actions will reduce our expense run rates by about $10 million per year. Turning next to revenue, net earned premiums decreased 5% for the quarter and six months. The decreases are mostly attributable to the previously announced change in accounting for pre-need policies and unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates. Absent these two items, net earned premiums increased 5% versus the second quarter of 2008. Domestic service contract gross written premiums are down 38% for the quarter, reflecting the Circuit City bankruptcy and a slowdown in consumer spending, partially offset by growth in other clients. We continue to see positive sales trends in our pre-need business. We recorded $29 million in gross written premiums from rating the forward payment protection forward advantage plan, which was launched and concluded during the second quarter. About $7 million of this premium was earned during the quarter and the remainder will be earned over the next three quarters. International gross written premiums for the quarter were down 9% versus 2008, primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange in the recessionary environment. We did see growth in gross written premiums in several countries and we're particularly pleased to begin to add premiums from our new credit insurance client, the Royal Bank of Canada. Overall, Solutions continued to work creatively to maintain sales momentum in a challenging environment for consumer spending, while applying its risk management tools to improve experience in the UK as rapidly as possible. Now, let's move to Assurant Employee Benefits. Net operating income was down 35% and 45% for the quarter and six month period respectively. The decline for the quarter was driven primarily by lower investment income and a $2.3 million pre-tax restructuring charge. This restructuring will lead to about $5 million per year of ongoing expense savings beginning in 2010. Six months results were lower in the first half of 2009, due to lower investment income and higher disability loss ratios. Disability incidence rates however have remained stable in 2009 and claim recovery rates approved during the second quarter. Net earned premiums were down 4% and 5% for the quarter and six months respectively. Premiums are down in all product lines, reflecting shrinking payrolls and other economic pressures on the small employers. The employment picture will continue to pose challenge to the top-line growth in the Benefits business. New hires and salary increases by our customers are important drivers of organic growth and net earned premiums. These trends have been hampered by the current economic environment as have overall new sales. In this environment, we benefit from our voluntary product offerings. We've significantly increased our focus on voluntary products and are seeing increasing sales and substantial jumps in core activity. Turning next to our corporate and other results. Corporate and other investment income declined $3.7 million for the quarter and $5.8 million for the six months due to lower short-term interest rates. Net income for the quarter reflected an $85 million after-tax benefit from a previously announced settlement of litigation. Net income also includes a $13 million benefit for the quarter and an $8 million loss for the six months from changes in our tax valuation allowance. This valuation allowance fluctuates for many reasons and changes from period to period can be expected going forward. Our investment portfolio benefited from improvements in the credit markets during the quarter. Second quarter net realized losses were $4 million after-tax. The lowest quarterly total since 2007. This included others and temporary impairments of $2.8 million after tax. Our portfolios net unrealized loss position improved by nearly $450 million pre-tax from December 31, 2008. Our commercial mortgage portfolio continues to perform well, with no delinquencies through the second quarter. We continue to apply our disciplined approach to portfolio management and have been able to begin deploying our excess cash as credit markets improve. Our balance sheet remains solid. Stockholders equity excluding and including AOCI increased to 4.68 and $4.36 billion respectively in the quarter. We have no debt maturing until 2014, asset leverage of 2.9:1 and 17.3% debt-to-equity ratio. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI increased to $39.38, up 6% from year-end. In summary, our operating results for the second quarter were less than we had hoped for. Each of our businesses has already taken corrective measures and will continue to do so as appropriate. Despite the challenges presented by the difficult economy, we believe that our specialty strategy remains sound and that we are well-positioned for long-term success. Now, I'll turn things back to Rob, to open the floor for questions.
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks Mike. Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions). Over to John Nadel of Sterne Agee.
John Nadel: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Robert Pollock: Good morning, John.
John Nadel: Rob I guess the place that I'd like to start is the thoughts on sort of excess capital your progression that you've sort of historically talked about forever, supporting organic growth, accretive acquisitions, capital management. Is there anything right now on the M&A front that could possibly be better on a relative basis than buying back your stock?
Robert Pollock: It would have to be very compelling John. But, let's put that in a broader context of the strength of our capital position.
John Nadel: Yeah.
Robert Pollock: And then lets also have a few comments we can make really related to Chris and his team's view of the investment outlook, where we are today versus where we were a little time back. So clearly, we had indicated in the past that we wanted to see a credit market recovery before we made considerations for share repurchase, and we're seeing that recovery. As I mentioned we've seen additional recovery subsequent to quarter end. So that's certainly one big consideration. Another is just our ability to get dividends out and our other things, and I am going to have turn things over to Chris, for him to make a few comments.
John Nadel: Yes, if you could also touch on your comments A. M. Best there, that'd be great.
Christopher Pagano: Sure, sure. Hi John.
John Nadel: Hi Chris.
Christopher Pagano: Just a couple of things. And again, we think about dividend, it starts with earnings obviously. And clearly, there is some earnings pressure relative to 2008. But the next issue becomes how to get those earnings up in the form of dividends to the holding company. Now, they are the two main drivers and we saw this pay out in 2008, where the growth charge related to Specialty Property and then of course, the portfolio results. And last year portfolio results in particular, were a significant drag, and a significant hindering factor with regard to our ability to get operating company earnings up to the holding company in the form of dividend. Clearly, the recovery in the credit markets has mitigated that, removed that to some extent as an issue. The actions we took in the portfolio last year to reduce the risk going forward will certainly help us going forward. And you're seeing our realized losses, drop off significantly and then also the unrealized loss position improved. So on top of that, as we mentioned, we're seeing the growth in property, relative to the industry is moderating. Gene mentioned we got 70% of our net operating income up last year. We think having met with A. M. Best a couple of weeks ago. And although, the charges are not finalizing, still pretty comfortable that we'll be able to get even more, even greater percentage of the profits and property up to the holding company. So earnings are under pressure, ability to get out those earnings though, significantly improved versus last year. So we feel pretty good about the ability to grow the holding company capital position through the end of 2009.
John Nadel: So then Rob, let me come back to you. And I know you guys have been talking about wanting to see credit markets get back to sort of the mid year 2008 level, sort of before the real devastation, I guess, we can call it, right?
Robert Pollock: Right.
John Nadel: But your investment portfolio is at least, in my opinion, far better positioned, relative to the broader credit market I think. And so, I wonder if that's -- is that the right -- not to necessarily question your judgment, but is that the right way you're thinking about it that credit markets have to get back to where you were then, I mean...
Robert Pollock: Well, I think a couple of things John. First, let's start with we've recognized the share price is attractive, okay. And there is no doubt about it. On the other hand, what did we see happen over the course of a couple of quarters last year, alright? Our total focus from thinking we have a lot of excess capital to a question of, did we have enough, alright? I think we're through those waters. We want to be mindful however, that although there's been quite a recovery in the credit markets, as Chris tells me, perhaps things are a little ahead of themselves, perhaps they are not. We have been through the other way, it's possible. Saying all that though, as I mentioned, we're about there, okay. And please be mindful of thing. And we also are mindful that we're entering storm season. And...
John Nadel: And I definitely appreciate that. I mean, I don't think I'm trying to encourage you guys to spend a 100 million or 200 million on buybacks, right in front of the potential of something entering the Gulf. So then to switch to health, just for a moment and then I'll get back into queue.
Robert Pollock: Sure.
John Nadel: You mentioned, sort of a return to modest profitability maybe later part of this year, early part of next year. And seeing the impact of pricing, work its way through the book, by the end of 2010. Assuming you achieved the pricing implementation according to your plans currently, what is the -- what does the ROE return to, for this business when you get it fully through the book?
Robert Pollock: Yeah, we want to be in that 25 to 30% range, John.
John Nadel: Okay, alright. So, no real -- no change. It's just a matter of getting this implemented and getting this worked through?
Robert Pollock: Yeah. Remember, we were putting lots of actions in place, alright. We had to deal with things. We're committed to the healthcare business. We think it is the specialty business that has performed very well for us over the long-term. And when I look at things, we picked up on these trends, quickly I think the magnitude of the changes were a little more than we thought.
John Nadel: Yeah. Okay, thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Adam Klauber of Fox-Pitt.
Robert Pollock: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber: Good morning, everyone. A couple of questions. On the Specialty Property, even if you expect some bad weather; it looks like your loss ratio was up by 300 basis points. What do you think is driving that?
Robert Pollock: Yeah. Well, I think there is a couple of different things, and I'll turn it over to Gene. But one of things remember, when you calculate the ratio, is cap premiums are a bigger portion bringing down the net earned number, which is certainly a part of the impact item. And I'll let Gene give you a little more detail on some of the other things.
Gene Mergelmeyer: Sure Adam. Yeah. That's I think the CAT premium's at about a percentage. We also again, it was an active weather period, even though they were smaller storms. I can probable with last year, the ISO storms were about the same, but elevated from previous years we've seen. Or we actually really saw the increases and again, it was mostly wind and hail. It was small storms. It actually tended to be more on voluntary products like mobile home and some of our voluntary homeowners from some of the wind and hail activity in the south.
Adam Klauber: How much to the total do you think this storms, weather added to the loss ratio this quarter?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Really when we looked at, it was almost the entire increase.
Adam Klauber: So you think it's really --
Robert Pollock: Yeah, I think, another one. Gene is also -- we talk and above creditor-placed. But he's been working on other adjacencies in his business. And he has other things kind of legacy businesses, and they like the mobile home. So as creditor-placed becomes a little bit smaller portion of the total, those other businesses don't operate with quite the same business model that we see in creditor-placed homeowners.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Is there an element as REO and sub-prime runs off, are higher profit, profit segments of the business. Is that impacting the loss ratio?
Robert Pollock: No. That really hasn't had any real impact on the loss ratio. We typically had comparable combined ratios across both the REO and the regular hazard place business. It can vary by individual clients. And so, you can get some variability based on adding or losing portfolios.
Michael Peninger: You really do need, as Gene said, to look at the combined ratio to, because they do have different mix of claims and expenses.
Adam Klauber: Right, okay. On the health, I assume it takes roughly a year to put the rate increases. And is there any seasonality where some parts of the book renew more heavily, so you can get them in earlier, or is it really more of a year to get that?
Michael Peninger: Individual it's pretty evenly distributed. In a group business, even though these are a small group, there would still be a bit of a skew in terms of first part of the year, because a lot of companies do think on a calendar year basis. But individual, it's pretty evenly distributed.
Adam Klauber: Okay. And what do you think that's going to do to the growth rate?
Robert Pollock: Are you telling about the health business Adam?
Adam Klauber: Yes sorry.
Robert Pollock: No, that's right. I look at it and say, health is such a dynamic marketplace right now. We've seen our sales pickup in really some of our offerings that consumers are targeting and what they can afford to pay? I don't know, but that's so. That's going to be particularly impacted. On the other hand, there is other sales that can be and as we make changes, others make changes. What we're very good at and have spent a lot of time on, is the consumer segmentation. And I think our insights there will put us in a position to continue to bring new products to market.
Christopher Pagano: Yeah, we've just to amplify on add a little bit. I mean, we have a line of different plan designs, ranging from very comprehensive and quite expensive plans to much more affordable plans. So as I said earlier, we've seen some poor experience on the more comprehensive plans. So those price increases are likely to be more. So we're going essentially the less expensive plans will be relatively more attractive price, although they are still going up to. So we've got a lot of ability to give a consumer a lot of different offerings so that they can pick where they want to be in the budget. And we've been through these kind of things before, where we had to kind of more plan designs. And so, I think we have demonstrated over a period of time that we know how to make this kind of a shift.
Adam Klauber: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Christopher Pagano: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Ed Spehar of Merrill Lynch.
Robert Pollock: Good morning, Ed.
Edward Spehar: Good morning, everyone. Can you hear me, okay?
Robert Pollock: We can.
Edward Spehar: Okay. I have a few questions. First of all, I was trying to get some clarification in response to John's question about share buyback. How did you say -- given where the stock is trading now, share buyback is a preference relative to an acquisition, unless there was something that was just beyond anything that we've seen before?
Robert Pollock: I guess that the way we think about it is we have a way to look at share buyback. And we have a way to evaluate acquisitions, okay. At these levels, the share buyback is very compelling. And we, of course we compare the two. And we also understand that the share buyback involves little risk. And so that is a consideration and if you were to do something different, you'd have to bring that into account.
Edward Spehar: Okay. I guess, it certainly does seem like it would be very hard to come up with something better than this right now. I guess, the other question I had was on the health business. I think Mike when you had -- were characterizing the first quarter results, I think they were down. I can't remember exactly, but maybe $20 million year-over-year, or 15, $20 million and you identified the incidents issue as the driver. And I guess, what I'm trying to understand is, you've always been conservative and reserving, and when you look at a reserve increase this quarter, obviously the health earnings were -- the health results were poor. But a $9 million reserve increase, doesn't sound like a big number. And so, I was wondering how you can give us some comfort on that this is not just the first of a couple or more reserve increases in this business?
Michael Peninger: I guess what I think about Ed was -- I think about the reserves is, the bulk of your reserves are for the most recent quarter of imperials. So in this case the claims that were incurred for services in the second quarter. And we've been moving in response to the experience. We've been moving our estimates of the most recent experience up. So that when we talked about our strength, we are really kind of bulking up what I would say is the reserves for prior periods. So in this case for claims incurred in the first quarter is very small still left for 2008. So we've been added into there. But we've also added, I just didn't characterize it as strengthening per se, but we have ratcheted up our estimates of the second quarters incur also. So I think when we look at the overall level of reserves now, we feel that we're not going to continue to have unfavorable development that would flow through future quarters earnings.
Edward Spehar: Is it too much of an over simplification to say that, if you lost 10 million in health and you had been earning about 30 million, that $40 million is roughly the issue here, with 10 million in reserve strengthening and that 30 million being at current period, adverse claims?
Michael Peninger: It's something like that. I mean, yeah, I'd say that's -- if you look at our experience in the, like in the run-off that we published and exhibit in our 10-K. We've had consistently very favorable development there. I think last year we were in the somewhere north of 50 million of favorable development, when I can see anyone near that this year.
Robert Pollock: We'd likely do not see any.
Edward Spehar: Okay. And then just real quickly, I know that it's been your policy not to give earnings guidance. And I don't know that I am necessarily looking for earnings guidance in the sort of traditional sense. But I guess there are obviously a lot of things going on in the Specialty Property business. And you have the ability, given the accounts you're loosing and accounts you are gaining, and how we might see the penetration rates migrate back to a normal level versus what we've seen historically? Is there any way to give us some sense of how low the earnings go? Even if its not, this year or next year, the following year. But any sense based on what that might be helpful to help to try to quantify how far that the earnings go down before they start to go up again. I understand it's a difficult question and I'm not really asking you to do my job, I guess, I am a little bit...
Robert Pollock: I think a good way to think about this Ed is that, if we start with the capital behind the business. Okay, the capital behind the business is going to go down as premium moderates as Gene said, okay. So if you look at what our penetration rate is today and reduced that to levels we saw. And I think we published for earlier time periods an idea of what the revenues would be, you can get -- that will have then an idea of the capital that might be freed in the business. And I think we feel very comfortable that we can produce excellent ROEs on equity that would remain in the business. Now I'd also point out, Gene is working on adjacencies to build out. So we are not sitting still to the decline in revenue that might be attributed to creditor-placed homeowners. We're trying to find other specialty niches within his area.
Edward Spehar: Should we -- when we think about this, and we can obviously do that now. But I just like wonder, when we think about the return to normal penetration rates, should we model it along the lines of the same time period it took us to get to sort of very high penetration rates?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Well, as I look at it there is a number of factors that come into play. So this is not going to turnaround overnight. So as we look at some of the historical growth drivers around things like loan, penetration and average insured value. You saw the Wall Street Journal headline yesterday that said, house prices rise across U.S. That's not going to change delinquencies and foreclosure activities certainly in the short term. And we do see those continuing to rise. The biggest decline has really been around just some of the portfolio movement. And then REO has been kind of the wild card. We imagine that REO has hit top levels. But that's going to still be volatile as it move forward, just because of things, the foreclosure activity. There is still the option on loans out there. So we still think there is quite a bit a considerable run in this. As we highlighted on Investor Day, we had historically good results. And we believe strongly that we'll continue to deliver those.
Robert Pollock: I just think Ed that again, let's remember, when we went public, health was driving our earnings. Gene has been out in front with tremendous results. We were expecting with the actions we have taken in some of the things we have going on that, we're going to see other businesses in a position to improve their earnings.
Edward Spehar: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Robert Pollock: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Good morning. How are you?
Robert Pollock: Good.
Mark Hughes: In the consumer warranty business, just looking at the existing clients, what are you seeing with respect to buying pattern as we progress through the recession. Consumer spending has obviously been pretty choppy, how about warranty attachment rates, any observations there?
Robert Pollock: It varies on a client-by-client basis, Mark. I would say historically we have seen a pick up that would replace say 15 or 20% of the loss. I think that maybe has not been quite as good in this turndown. On the other hand, we're seeing a number of clients that we're working with, who've been able to actually increase their sales with some of the things we've done around the performance management area on the sales side in Craig's area. I think that's a testament to the value of the products we're providing. The wireless area, which we're very excited about is, actually continuing to see an increase in units sold there. We're excited about the opportunities offered by that. And then the OEM side where we get a chance to actually to be in a position to sell a renewal, we're seeing some early positive signs in that area, as people are holding their products longer. So tougher on the retail side, but some other things that we think where we're positioned ourselves to capitalize on that could really help us.
Mark Hughes: Could you elaborate on the wireless business? I think the market share opportunity was very attractive there. Any insight you can give about how that's progressing?
Robert Pollock: Well, again there is a small number of large players, which really hits on one of the things we're good at, which is working with large partners and things. So we have put together our proposal and value proposition that's uniquely geared toward each of these people remembering that these things are quite often on large, long-term contracts. So it's a timing issue, in terms of being prepared to capitalize when contracts expire.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: We got to Rob Polley (ph) of Sandler Capital.
Robert Pollock: Good morning, Rob.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. How are you?
Robert Pollock: Good.
Unidentified Analyst: I just had another follow-up question on dividends from the sub, especially, in the Specialty Property and casualty business. And you alluded it to little bit when you're talking about penetration rates going back to maybe more normalized level, and what amount of capital is needed. I guess, in your prepared remarks you talked about perhaps, getting closer to a 100% of the statutory earnings, up to the health goal. But what about the prospects of maybe a special dividend? How do you just think about the capitalization of that business and will you ask, I you can't tell me if you are going to get, because you don't know if are going to get an extraordinary dividend. But will you at least ask for an extraordinary dividend and what amount could that be?
Robert Pollock: Yeah, there are a couple of things Rob. I mean first, there is the amounts that we list as ordinary dividend capacity. Of course, though that's a nice guide mark for people. That's not really what we ever do. We always go in and ask based on what we think is an appropriate capitalization level of each of the statutory entities. So, again and I'll let Chris maybe elaborate on this a little bit further. But we have a best charge that was putting us in a position to not get any of the capital out. And we're getting some movement there, and Chris you want to just make a few comments?
Christopher Pagano: Again, just to back to a little bit of history, 2007 because of the growth in that business, we took none of earnings up in the form of dividends. Last year we had a dialogue with Best in the first half of '08. We were able to discuss with them, how to measure growth in this business. And as a result, we were able to dividend up as Gene mentioned about 70, 60 or 70% of the earnings into, up to the holding company. Now, some of that again, the portfolio comes into play there. And particularly on the unrealized loss side for the P&C. So that was a bit of a drag last year. So now you fast forward to 2009, we've had our discussions with the A. M. Best. There've been a couple of changes to their formulas, but very minor. The big drivers are going to be growth again, the growth charge being essentially the same. But overall, growth declining relative to the industry. So that's a positive for our ability to get out of the capital. So again, we think, and again, this applies to a lot of -- all of the operating companies, we think absent portfolio impact, and then in particular for property. The slowdown in the growth allows us to get at more of the earnings in the form of dividends, and therefore capital of the holding company. And again, our long-term goal, our capital management velocity is anything we can get up to the holding company, we try and get up to the holding company, because its there where we have maximum flexibility, in terms of redeploying the capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, but there is the earnings that you are generate in, say 2009, and then there is just the overall capitalization of the business. So as you look forward and try to think about how much premiums you are going to write in 2010 or 2011, how are you thinking about just how that business is capitalized today? Is it overcapitalized? How much of it is capitalized, and how much do you think you can get out?
Robert Pollock: Well, it's a good question the way I think about Rob is that that Best is not going to allow us to take it out until the business moderates. Okay, as it does moderate, it will we will get some of the excess capital out with a lag. We've used rules of thumb just throw one out 40 to 45% of net written premiums is kind of a governor on capital requirements within Best. There is lot of things that then adjust to that, okay, overtime. So the difference between that ratio and I just don't have the numbers in front of me, but and the actual capital we have in the business is money we think we can ultimately get out.
Michael Peninger: And that's on the statutory basis. There are some GAAP adjustments involved in that.
Unidentified Analyst: What is that number? I think it was close to 400 million around there, is that sound like or is it lower higher?
Michael Peninger: Are you talking about the GAAP adjustment?
Unidentified Analyst: No, that's that number that 40, I think you said 40% of premiums is what you had...
Michael Peninger: 40 to 45%, yeah. I get Rob, I just don't have it with me. But why don't we get back to you on that?
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Michael Peninger: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Terry Shu of Pioneer Investments.
Robert Pollock: Good morning, Terry.
Terry Shu: Good morning. I have two questions. First on the health side, for your line, the deterioration has been really quite substantial. I used to follow the managed care company, but I don't anymore. But I mean, I remember following the trend well. And they've seen some tick up in utilization as well, but not to the same extent as your individual or small group health line. Can you maybe explain a little bit, why it's been so severe for your book?
Robert Pollock: Sure. I think that if you put the big managed healthcare companies on a spectrum, they start with being a 100% on the risk, and as you move into through a series of products, they maybe sharing risk.
Terry Shu: Right.
Robert Pollock: And they may be just administering products. So when they see -- they're just not having the same first dollar impact that a 100% fully insured plan where we're all on the risk, participates.
Terry Shu: Right.
Robert Pollock: I think that's the biggest contributor, Terry.
Terry Shu: Okay. Because, I just -- I've been sort of looking at their trends and their kind of -- they always talk about their medical loss trend and all are, just hadn't picked up as much. And I just thought maybe its more -- maybe it's a small group of the individual book has seen the greater impact.
Robert Pollock: I don't think its anything. It's more of very different nature of the business.
Terry Shu: Okay. The other question is back on Specialty Property; you've mentioned a few times that you are kind of resizing the business or the expense base. And the premiums are moderating. I guess, it's more like declining rather than moderating. So I've been working hard trying to do a kind of a trajectory for the next couple of years, really plotting out a loan track prime and sub-prime and forecasting placement rates and such. Is that the right way to do it, that the sub-prime kind of loans track will keep on declining? You gave some data points on RFP. You're with the 300,000 and then the loss, the Merrill Lynch loss, the 200,000 plus. That's more because of this sort of consolidation or new business. But just generally speaking, looking at the number of sub-prime loans out there, is it the right assumption that that population is coming down. I just don't know how to conceptualize it?
Robert Pollock: Okay. Terry, I think the big thing to think about first is, let's consider outstanding mortgage loans and inventory. So if you think about as an inventory new originations increases the inventory.
Terry Shu: Right.
Robert Pollock: And foreclosures and pay-offs reduce the inventory. Okay, so we don't think there is a lot of new sub-prime originations going on.
Terry Shu: Is that a permanent thing I would think so?
Robert Pollock: Well, certainly, it's a near term issue, as banks have tightened their binding limits. And Gene, do you have a few comments?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Yeah, I really do think, you're thinking about it right. We've tried to be very diligent in providing with the loan portfolio changes that have had big impact. But outside of those movements, it really is a declining book. In the near term, we continue to see that declining. Some interesting phenomenon was going on. I mean, some of the loans that are sticking now to the extent they've been modified and to the extent that now they've had some principal reductions. There is some likelihood that they may stay in place for a little bit longer. We're seeing some of that trend as we move forward. But whether or not we can make any firm conclusions on it, we'll just going to see from that. I think you thinking it about right?
Terry Shu: After going through that exercise, the numbers that are kind of drop out for me is that for the home owners gross premiums written, just kind of declined through 2010 before stabilizing. Now, I don't know whether my numbers are even close, but that's about the only way to do it, right, to plot out the population and then I kind of held the penetration rates constant by segment. So clearly, the pressures are going to be there, because you're the portfolio shift from more sub-prime to more prime where the penetration rate is, substantially lower. Is that right?
Gene Mergelmeyer: You're thinking about it the right way.
Terry Shu: But I gather, you don't have any forecast or you tried to model it.
Gene Mergelmeyer: No.
Terry Shu: Can you give us some guidance?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Well, yeah I mean, remember how our model works here, is we get notified in arrear that a policy is getting placed so. I know I think if you think about the economic factors that are going on here. One is the inventory, second is the economy. And unemployment is something that certainly could drive placement.
Robert Pollock: I think one of the other things you may want to do is go back to the Investor Day presentation, where we really tried hard to look at the different factors that influence our business. And there were some things we highlighted that will affect our premium in the macroeconomic environment. So that maybe helpful.
Terry Shu: Right.
Robert Pollock: In the near term, we're again focused on what we can control. So we've been preparing for the additional 300,000 loans. We're excited about it. But frankly, we are focused on a flawless implementation of those. And then, we still believe, we're positioned for the long run. And we got a good business model, still excited about it.
Terry Shu: Right. So sufficed to say that we can really only look out, near term and longer term. You just have to kind of build a conceptual model.
Gene Mergelmeyer: I think that's right Terry.
Robert Pollock: Yeah.
Terry Shu: Alright, thanks so much.
Robert Pollock: Sure.
Operator: Our last question is coming from John Nadel of Sterne Agee.
Robert Pollock: Good morning, John.
John Nadel: Good morning. I have to refocus, sorry. The follow-up that I sort of wanted to get at was a little bit along the lines of Rob Polley's a question Rob. I understand your guidance or your commentary around the 40 to 45%. But you've had this sort of growth charge built in there for some period of time now. It appears at least, maybe this is a two part question. Gene, you talked about some of the trends, I think in response to Ed, is this business permanently shrinking now? And if it's permanently shrinking now, we can certainly debate the pace. If it's a permanently shrinking now, then doesn't it make all the sense in the world that you'd be able to go take that growth charge out?
Robert Pollock: Okay. So, let's just think about the process with that. That will pull together calendar year information on the industry. And it will look at what happened to overall growth in the homeowners line. And then they are going to compare how our growth was versus the industries, I don't think they'll do that until next year. Chris, am I thinking about that right?
Christopher Pagano: Yeah, I mean I think -- and again, keep in mind this is growth relative to the industry, one year and three year numbers, a little bit lagged effect coming in there. But, in general terms, I think conceptually just thinking about it right in that as growth moderates and/or declines again relative to the industry. The availability, the ability for us to take our capital from property equal to and in potentially beyond the earnings on a given year. But that probability increases as we go forward. So, its -- but the constraint again, goes back to pay invest and their models. And those changing from year-to-year. For example, this year we -- Best elected not to give full credits for the Florida Hurricane CAT Fund reinsurance participations. We decided that somewhere less than I think 87.5% in the insurance just because of some of the issues that Florida is facing. Those are things that changed from year-to-year. The main driver though is growth charge. We've had the dialogue. We think we're in the right -- a good place with Best, in terms of understanding that. And it will just be a function of growth in this business, relative to the industry going forward.
Robert Pollock: Yeah, and I go back, again. I think Chris said this very well. We, our goal is aligned to release the capital and move it to the corporate line as quickly as we can for maximum flexibility. So we are definitely focused on doing that, and we'll continue to do that moving forward. And the good news is, we think we'll get more of properties earning well this year than last. And we'll do our best to get what we can.
John Nadel: So then, let me ask you this, in follow-up. So I think it's crystallized, that there is a lag involved here. And we can whatever that timeframe is, whether its three, six, nine months, whatever it might be, there is lag involved here as A. M. Best gets the industry did and proves out, there'll be growth charge is no longer a necessity here?
Robert Pollock: Right. And just to point it John. It is a function of two things. The one here which we obviously see that, but they also look at the three year.
John Nadel: Yeah. So let me ask you this Rob. So if you guys have the data, you guys know your business. You guys know how the number of track loans is moving in the other key items. And notwithstanding the fact that A. M. Best is going to come back at some later point and affirm what you guys already know. Is there some way that you guys can accelerate whether it's through commercial paper or some other method, not necessarily to get all aggressive here? But again, recognizing where your stock is relative to the book value, relative to the growth in that book value. By the time A. M. Best gets around to proving what you guys already know, who knows where the stock is. I mean, I suspect it will still end up being very attractive. But aren't you losing out on an opportunity as you wait for a third-party to affirm a trend that you already see happening. And given your financial flexibility that the cap, and otherwise isn't there a way that the company can essentially accelerate that?
Robert Pollock: An eloquent argument on where we think we are John. And again, let's just put it in the context of...
John Nadel: The environment we just came out.
Robert Pollock: Yeah. We're just seeing lot of stuff that was quite different. But, we are focused on getting the capital freed as quickly as we can. Again, we think we've got compelling, enduring long-term value at this company. And we'd love to capitalize on that.
Robert Pollock: So our capital position much stronger than it was six months ago. Remember how quickly that moved last year. We can take all that into account.
John Nadel: Okay. Understood, thank you.
Robert Pollock: Sure. In concluding the business environment is as challenging as any we have seen in years. But our experience and expertise in specialty insurance businesses, where we've delivered strong operating -- to my confidence we can and will regain our stride. We look forward to updating everyone on our third quarter call.
Operator: And this does conclude Assurant's second quarter 2009 call. Please note that a replay will be available as of 12 PM Eastern Time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett - SVP IR Rob Pollock - President and CEO Craig Lemasters - President and CEO Mike Peninger - CFO Chris Pagano - Chief Investment Officer, Treasurer
Analysts: John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Kelton 
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant first quarter 2009 financial results conference call. This call is being recorded. All participants will in a listen-only mode for the duration of the conference. There is a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. (Operator Instructions) I would like now to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett: Thanks, Kelly. Welcome to Assurant's 2009 first quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today are Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant; Mike Peninger, our Chief Financial Officer; Craig Lemasters, our President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant Solutions; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Our Prepared remarks will last about 25 minutes after which time we will open the call to your questions. Yesterday we issued a news release announcing our first quarter 2009 financial results. The news release as well as corresponding supplementary financial information is also available on our website at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during today's call may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you to consider the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2008 10-K as well as subsequently filed 10-Q and 8-K, which can be accessed from our Web site. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additionally, this presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the Company's performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to yesterday's earnings release and supplementary financial information we have got on our website. Now, I would like to turn call the over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. In 2009, the economic landscape is dramatically different than this time last year when Assurant posted record operating income. First quarter results reflect the adverse and uncertain economic conditions currently affecting consumers, businesses and global financial markets. I'm not happy with overall enterprise results this quarter, but our goal today is to explain them within the context of these realities. We pride ourselves on being forthright in our communications. And today we want to share with you what we're seeing in the marketplace and some of the steps we're taking to address the associated challenges. We want to reinforce that our financial foundation remains solid and our diversified strategy will help us achieve our longer term goals. Since Craig and Mike will run through specific segment results, let me provide some general comments on the current environment. Macroeconomic conditions impact our business in different ways, but all segments are feeling the effects this quarter. Employers reducing or dropping benefits are affecting our health and employee benefit businesses. The pullback in consumer spending is impacting all of our businesses and our solutions business in particular. Our property business is dealing with a variety of loan modification programs requiring more service from us to support our customers as well. What actions are we taking to respond? Remember, at our core is a fundamentally strong business, that's adaptive and flexible. In solutions, we're finding new clients, distribution channels and executing on recent acquisitions to generate revenue. For instance, we anticipate that consumers may retain goods they own for longer time periods. We see this as an opportunity to renew or extend in force service contracts, and we're well positioned with our original equipment manufacturer customers to develop this strategy. At health, we continue to strengthen relationships with producers using technology and lead generation programs. At the same time, we're accelerating our efforts to reach consumers through both our website and direct response marketing. We're encouraged by recent new business sales activity driven by our product portfolio tailored to different segments of the consumer population. We're particularly pleased with sales results through our direct response and Internet channels. At benefits, we are developing new voluntary products targeted to situations where employers are scaling back on benefits they're paying on behalf of their employees. Voluntary sales were a bright spot in the quarter for benefits and increased over the first quarter of last year. In property, we are supporting clients who are consolidating portfolios they have acquired. As Gene mentioned at investor day, we retained over 5 million loans that changed servicers from consolidation activities. This creates significant work for the new servicer, and we're working diligently to support them. Additionally, we are investing in infrastructure to expand services while lowering expenses as well as new products to build the business. Let me comment on claim experience. Our medical results reflected an increase in utilization related to services performed in the fourth quarter, particularly on claims paid in March for services in December. Drilling into this further, we noted a significant increase in claims from people who had satisfied their medical deductible earlier in the year. These people increased their utilization in the fourth quarter by significantly more than anything we've seen historically. In our disability products, we did not see an increase in claim frequency or incidence. However, we did see a slowdown in recoveries. A priority in disability claims is to help claimants return to work. In an environment where there are fewer jobs available to return to, this is more challenging, but something we've managed well historically. We are monitoring morbidity trends carefully in our health and benefits businesses. We are prepared to take corrective actions if they are required. In a challenging growth environment, we are mindful that expense management is an area that remains within our control. We are prioritizing our discretionary resources to ensure they are properly allocated to areas we have targeted for long-term growth. We're reducing travel, consolidating some enterprise activities and reviewing all job replacements and open positions to offset pressures we are experiencing from the economy. But I want to make it clear, we're continuing to invest in our people through a variety of development programs aimed at our next generation of leaders. Finally, we continue to monitor our investment portfolio carefully and make decisions appropriate for the environment. We've enhanced our financial flexibility by increasing liquidity and shortening the duration on new money invested. This is all part of our strategy to play defense by protecting our capital position first. We continue to be cautious of the risk-adjusted returns associated with certain classes of assets. This approach has served us well historically as we've avoided problem assets found on many balance sheets. In aggregate, these decisions drove reductions in our investment income this quarter compared to 2008. Let me make a few comments on our balance sheet. Our capital position is solid. We began 2009 with about $230 million of excess capital, and we will add to that position over the course of the year. Dividends from our operating companies are weighted toward the second half of the year. This allows us to evaluate how the key drivers of our dividends are developing. These factors include changes to best capital model, portfolio asset valuations and business operating results, particularly storm activity within property. So with that overview of the economic conditions facing our business in 2009, let's now go deeper into each of the four businesses to look more directly at their results and opportunities ahead. I'll begin by turning it over to Craig Lemasters to talk in greater detail about Assurant Solutions. Craig?
Craig Lemasters: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. Assurant Solutions continues to create value for our client partners, especially in a challenging economy, and we're also effectively mixing offense and defense to both protect and grow our business amid the global economic showdown. Net operating income was $30.3 million for the quarter, although this was down 36% compared to first quarter of 2008, remember that 2008 included a benefit from a client settlement of $11.7 million. Sequentially, quarterly results improved as the risk management and expense control actions we have taken began to improve results. Let me outline how our results developed in more detail. Internationally, our combined ratio increased from 102.3% in the first quarter of 2008 to 107.3% in 2009. As I discussed at investor day, we are experiencing high claim activity for unemployment coverage sold primarily through an internet distribution channel in the UK. We have already taken actions to improve the results in this channel, and we expect the impact of these risk management initiatives to emerge later this year. It is important to remember that the majority of our credit insurance programs are structured with extensive risk mitigation provisions. Sequentially, the international combined ratio decreased from the fourth quarter by 670 basis points. Key contributors to the improvement were additional expense controls, no one time Denmark exit costs and improved underwriting results, particularly in Brazil. In our domestic business, the combined ratio for the first quarter increased from 96.5% in 2008 to 98.3% in 2009. However, the 2008 combined ratio was favorably affected by a client settlement of $11.7 million. Absent this settlement, the combined ratio declined by 220 basis points. This decrease resulted from improved domestic loss experience, driven primarily by our integration of the acquisitions of GE's Warranty Management Group and the Signal Holdings. These same factors also drove a sequential improvement in our combined ratio by 330 basis points. Turning next to revenues, we continue to focus on growth and targeted areas through expansion of our client and distribution footprint. We are proactively taking steps to improve our position rather than just waiting for the economic recovery. Although first quarter net earned premiums decreased by 6% to $644.6 million, it was largely a result of two factors that must be considered. First, we began accounting for newly sold premium contracts beginning in 2009 according to FAS 97, which governs universal life type policies. This differs from FAS 60 accounting which we used prior to 2009, and this change caused a $32 million reduction in premiums. However, it did not have any impact on our bottom-line. Second, changes in foreign exchange rates from the strengthening dollar reduced premiums in our international operations by 5.4% for the quarter. Absent these two items, we would have reported a very slight increase in net earned premiums. International gross written premium is down 14% from the first quarter of 2008. However, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, gross written premium actually grew 3% in the first quarter. While the overall global economic showdown is hurting our top line in many markets such as Europe, other markets, such as Canada and Latin America are holding up much better. Domestically, gross written premiums for service contracts fell by over 37%, primarily due to the bankruptcy of Circuit City but also combined with the overall slowdown in consumer spending. Remember, we don't need to immediately replace the Circuit City top line in order to continue to growing our profit. As Rob mentioned, despite the current economic environment, we are actively finding ways and opportunities to play offense to temper these headwinds. We're very active with our client partners to help them generate revenue. For example, automakers have experienced a dramatic decline in vehicle sales. They've worked very hard to develop programs to help get potential buyers into the showrooms and recently, we began a new partnership with Ford to underwrite and administer their new Ford payment protection program. We think this is a great opportunity to grow our 15-year relationship with Ford and see this as another example of our ability to play offense in these challenging economic times. Overall, we are seeing an increased level of sales opportunities, and I'm pleased that we have a successful track record of winning new clients as well as renewing existing ones. The exclusive agreement with Whirlpool that we entered into in late 2008 will begin to generate new service contract sales in the third quarter of this year. Combined with our Warranty Management Group acquisition from GE, we are very well positioned to increase sales of service contracts in the original equipment manufacturer's space over the next several years. We've also now successfully launched a credit insurance program with the Royal Bank of Canada, the country's largest bank. In addition to the wins I've previously mentioned, we've also won the renewal of the Best Buy Canada service contract business. And based on our track record with Best Buy in Canada combined with our global client management process, I'm pleased to announce that we've also launched a new service contract program with Best Buy in their initial store in Mexico City. Overall, we're making solid progress building our sales and on our premium for 2010 and beyond. The integration of Signal Holdings is going very well, and we believe we're now well positioned with a complete set of capabilities, excellent products, excellent repair and logistic capability and most importantly, an experienced team that is energized and very motivated to expand our wireless market share, both domestically and internationally. So in summary, despite the difficult economy, I'm extremely pleased with the progress of gaining new clients, entering new distribution and taking swift corrective action when needed, all of which will lead to continued long-term growth and improved profitability. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Peninger: Thanks, Craig for sharing how Assurant Solutions is playing both offense and defense as it navigates through these challenging times. Turning now to the results for the rest of the Company, I'll start with Assurant Specialty Property. Specialty Property's net operating income was $104.7 million, down 16%, versus an exceptional first quarter of 2008, but the business continues to produce very solid results. As a reminder, first quarter of 2008 results reflected a $4.6 million after-tax benefit from a client related settlement and unusually mild winter weather. The first quarter of 2009 saw a return to more normal winter weather patterns and higher loss experience. In addition, we incurred additional catastrophe reinsurance premiums due to growth in our black and harder reinsurance market which reduced net earned premiums by $13 million and after-tax earnings of $8.4 million. Expenses increased in the first quarter of 2009 compared to 2008 due to additional services we are providing our clients such as loss drafts along with investments in technology, infrastructure and businesses that will drive future growth, such as CPI. Also, the client related settlement in the first quarter of last year reduced expenses in that quarter. We placed over half of our catastrophe reinsurance program in January and plan to complete the remainder this quarter. I do want to note that we expect the total cost of the program to be substantially higher than the cost of the 2008 program due to the combination of our growth and the hard reassurance market. We will update you on all the details of the program's structure and costs as soon as the placements are completed early this summer. Net earned premiums for Specialty Property increased 3% to $493.8 million in the first quarter, driven by continued growth in the creditor placed business. The sequential rate of premium growth is slowing. As we mentioned at our Investor Day, due to further consolidation in the home mortgage industry, we lost approximately 200,000 subprime loans this quarter. Since the policies related to these loans have higher than average placement rates and all the policies lapsed during the quarter, their loss had an immediate impact on our first quarter top and bottom lines. They also contributed, along with increased levels of loan modifications and foreclosure moratoriums, to the decline in real estate owned premiums in the quarter. The number of mortgage loans outstanding continues to decline across the country since new loan originations are not offsetting loans being paid off or foreclosed. However, we continue to be well positioned in the marketplace for the long-term. We are very pleased to win a new account that will add 300,000 sub-prime loans track to our portfolio. This account will slowly begin producing premium for newly placed policies in the third quarter. Excluding loans lost in consolidation, we continue to see increases in placement rates on average insured values, albeit at lower levels than in the past. We are pleased with the results in our property business and believe it continues to validate our strategy of pursuing opportunities out of the mainstream where we can leverage our capabilities to create value for our clients and shareholders. Now let's move to Assurant Health where net operating income was down significantly this quarter to $14.7 million, a decrease of 61%. The decrease is due to unfavorable claim reserve development across all product lines. As Rob mentioned, we experienced high medical utilization rates in the fourth quarter of 2008. Let me provide a bit more color on what we are seeing. Our reserving methodology at year end was consistent with past practices, and we expected to see margin development consistent with that of prior years. Instead, we saw significantly worse than expected development relative to those reserves. In particular, March paid claims for services in the fourth quarter ran at unprecedented levels. Overall, the experience indicates a sudden and substantial spike in utilization during the fourth quarter. Importantly, the utilization increase primarily impacted our renewal book of business and it affected all parts of the book as opposed to being confined to certain segments. We also noted that in our group business, fourth quarter claims on customers who subsequently canceled their policies in 2009 were higher than the corresponding cohorts in prior years. We could be seeing a random fluctuation in experience, but that is unlikely in a black as large as ours. We believe it is more likely that utilization patterns changed in the fourth quarter due to economic stress or consumer fear of loss of insurance coverage. In that case, much of the change may have represented an effort by consumers and providers to address healthcare concerns prior to the end of 2008. The suddenness of the fourth quarter change creates more uncertainty then normal in setting March 31 reserves. In calculating those reserves, we assume that experience for services provided in the first quarter would return to more typical levels. If that assumption is correct, results should improve over the rest of 2009. On the other hand, if fourth quarter utilization rates persist, our results will continue to be negatively impacted. We are closely monitoring emerging experience and will make pricing our plan design changes as appropriate. Net earned premiums at Assurant Health were $472.3 million for the quarter, down 5% from 2008. Individual medical net earned premiums were down only 1% while small group premiums continued to trend down and declined by 15% for the quarter. Individual medical premiums reflect a decrease in covered lives, partially offset by higher premiums per member. Last rates increased during the quarter, reflecting the impact of the economy and the competitive marketplace. Sales were up versus the first quarter of 2008 and sequentially as we continue to benefit from our marketing efforts and broad product portfolio. In contrast to the renewal book of business that I discussed earlier, new business experience is running at priced four levels. As healthcare reform discussions continue to take place in Washington, we remain active participants in the process and believe that individual health coverage will be an important part of any successful reform initiative. Despite a challenging quarter, Assurant Health remains focused on providing affordable health care options for Americans, staying a part of the healthcare dialog and maintaining our disciplined approach to managing our business. Now, let's move to Assurant Employee Benefits. At Employee Benefits, net operating income was $7 million, down 57% compared to a very strong first quarter in 2008. The decline was driven primarily by higher loss experience, though results were also negatively impacted by a decrease in investment income of $2.7 million after tax compared with 2008. Long-term disability insurance is a low-frequency, high-severity product, so variations in results from quarter-to-quarter are not unusual. Our disability experience in the first quarter of 2008 was extremely favorable. In 2009, we saw a continuation of incidents trends measured by number of claims, but the average claim size increased. More notably, claim recovery rates were significantly lower than last year. It is not surprising in the current economy that it is more difficult and time consuming to return claimants to work. Our Claims staff continues to help financially challenged employers accommodate returns to work. Even in these difficult times, we generally find that our small employer customers do want to get their employees back to work and we continue to benefit from our small employer focus. Net earned premiums were $263.8 million, a decrease of 6% for the quarter. The decrease was partially driven by the loss of a handful of clients in our alternate distribution channel, disability, RMS. The prior year also included $5.5 million of Signal premiums on closed blocks of business versus no such premiums this year. The employment picture represents a top line growth challenge for the benefits business. Important drivers of growth and net earned premiums include new hires and salary increases for workers. These trends have been curtailed by the current economic environment along new sales. Assurant employee benefits will continue to maintain pricing discipline, focus on expense management and look to leverage growth opportunities in voluntary products and alternate distribution through disability RMS. Our corporate and other operating results were generally consistent with our expected quarterly run-rate with the exception of $4.6 million after tax and previously reported compensation expenses in the quarter. Our investment portfolio continues to perform relatively well in part due to actions we took in 2008 to lower the overall risk profile. During the quarter, we realized just over $30 million of pre-tax losses due to sale. This includes a $21.7 million pre-tax loss from the sale of our Citigroup DRD exposure. We also realized about $25 million in pre-tax losses due to other than temporary impairments. This is the smallest impairment loss for the portfolio since the third quarter of 2007. In the first quarter, we chose not to early adopt the FASB staff positions issued in April of 2009 relating to investment valuation and impairment. We continue to use independent pricing services to value our available for sale investments, which comprised the vast majority of our financial assets. The portfolios unrealized loss position increased by $153 million pre-tax from December 31, 2008, consistent with the overall credit markets. Our commercial mortgage portfolio continues to perform well, with no delinquencies through the first quarter. We remain focused on disciplined risk management, which may result in lower investment income over the near term. However, we believe this is a prudent approach right now, and we anticipate that better risk adjustment yields will be available longer term. As Rob mentioned, our capital position remains solid, and our businesses continue to generate cash earnings. We have no debt maturing until 2014, low asset leverage of 3.2 to 1 and a low debt-to-equity ratio of 18%. Our book value per diluted share excluding ALCI continues to grow, and our book value per share, including ALCI, has been relatively flat for the past two quarters. In conclusion, while economic pressures impacted our results in the first quarter and we continue to be very protective of our balance sheet, we remain confident in our specialty strategy and will look to leverage our financial strength to position our company for growth when economic recovery takes place. Now I'll turn things back to Rob to open the floor for questions.
Rob Pollock: Thanks Mike. Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Good morning, everybody.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, John.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: A couple quick ones, if I could. So on Specialty Property, can we just talk a little bit more about the drivers here as it relates to what we should expect for premiums? So the loans track number is down, the insured values, at least if I look sequentially, are down for the first time that I can recall. It sounds like rates unlikely to be a real positive driver from here. And Mike mentioned reinsurance costs, "substantially higher". I'm wondering, just as it relates to that specific item, if your rate online, if you expect that to be substantially higher, or is it just absolute costs will be up because of the growth of the business. But overall, I mean, X some major change positively or negatively in loans tracked, should we just expect, I think we should, but maybe you could just comment. Should we just expect a general continued decline in earned premium in this segment from here forward?
Rob Pollock: Okay. John, if we look at the property business again, I think that the growth drivers have slowed, total insured value, etcetera. The big issue is if you look at the business, I would say we are in the late innings on both the REO business as well as the sub-prime business.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes.
Rob Pollock: We did see an expansion in our placement rate in the prime portfolio.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: The prime, yes. Okay.
Rob Pollock: Again, this is a business we like. We obviously pointed out that we can win new clients when they go to RFP. We think we're well positioned to do that. And we are looking to expand into the similar product for auto. Obviously, there's not that many auto loans being generated these days, but we do see opportunities to expand on the platform.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes. And don't take me wrong. I'm not arguing the validity of the business. I think it's a great business. I'm just trying to understand where we should expect it to go from here, in terms of size, not necessarily in terms of the returns. I think the returns are very solid, obviously. Maybe on the reinsurance costs, you can just hit that real quick.
Rob Pollock: Sure.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: As it relates to, is that just more, substantial growth is just been absolute terms because of the book of business growth, or should we also expect some meaningful level of increase because random lines are going up?
Rob Pollock: Yes. I've got support here, but let me take a few comments and make them one, because our block has grown. We buy to a certain level of coverage. We've typically bought to something in the 1 and 250 or storm level. Again, our model supports doing that. But our coverage amounts quite a bit higher than they were a year ago. Second, because of a variety of activities in the reinsurance market, prices are higher. Third, a contributing factor in reinsurance is the Florida market. And Chris, do you want to just talk about how the Florida market is developing?
Chris Pagano: Well, for us, the key issue there in terms of the increase in, the percent increase in reinsurance premiums is the fact that we're unlikely to participate in the tickle layer, find that insurance in the private market and as you know in the past, tickle's been a subsidized rate online effectively.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes.
Chris Pagano: Without that, that component of a reinsurance program is going to cost more.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay.
Chris Pagano: So we have got a lot of factors going on there, John. And so what we're doing now, as I said, we're finalizing the structure of the program, which would also include thinking about the attachment points and the sheer size of the coverage layers and things like that. So you have a lot of different things going on there.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And then, just if I could switch gears over to health and then I'll jump back into queue. I understand, Mike, your comments that it maybe pretty tough at this point to discern whether this change in activity was a blip or is something that's going to continue from here. I'm just wondering, or maybe I'm just, I'd be interested in whether you guys have the, I guess we're having a fire alarm here. I'd be interested in whether you give have the kind of data on a monthly basis or some shorter term period to be able to give us an update on that sooner than your second quarter results. I am just thinking about the drag here, $0.08 to $0.10 a share in the quarter, so roughly $0.30 to $0.40 drag for a full year if it were to maintain itself. Anything you can say in that regard?
Rob Pollock: Well, it's a little bit harder to give you updates during the quarter, John, because we'd have to have a forum. If we have a forum, a public forum where we can update everyone at the same time, we'd certainly consider doing that because I know it's of interest.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: I'd be happy to host the call for you guys whenever you're ready.
Rob Pollock: That's fine. But I mean, again, you're right. Putting it into a context, when we talked at Investor Day, we had looked at a couple months experience and -- 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: And you didn't see it.
Rob Pollock: -- then March came in decidedly different than we had seen in the first couple of months. So understand your point.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Thanks. I'll jump back in. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mark Hughes with Suntrust.
Rob Pollock: Morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. Thank you very much. These are pretty volatile funds, economically. Do you sense any change in consumer behavior in recent months or weeks that might help or hinder the Solutions business?
Rob Pollock: Well, I just, we know everyone is a bit stressed. I know, on the consumer side, I thought it was interesting that we saw a little bit of favorable signs announced just yesterday that the consumer maybe coming in. How that translates and where the spending goes, we're obviously looking for it to show up in Craig's area in particular purchases of things, and let me just have him expand on it.
Craig Lemasters: Yes. Mark, we haven't seen any dramatic movement in the first quarter. Again, our drop in top line was largely because of Circuit going away. But below Circuit, again, from the core electronic retailers, we saw some of our clients that were fairly flat quarter-over-quarter, which was a relatively positive sign in these types. Our auto clients continue to be way done. I think that tracks with what's going on in the industry. I think what was encouraging for us this quarter was again, this notion of playing offense and not waiting on this to get materially better, because none of us know when that is going to happen. So I was particularly pleased with, again, things like launching RBC in Canada, getting our OEM direct stuff integrated. Rob mentioned it earlier, that's a perfect example, I think, where we're not just going to rely on point of sales as we go forward. We have got a mechanism we've built, have this direct machine now where we can extend existing service contracts, which we think is going to bode well as people are going to tend to hang on to their appliances and other equipment longer.
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: And then with respect to penetration in the prime category, it's been moving up, but obviously delinquencies and foreclosure starts are moving up pretty rapidly as well. Is there anything that accelerates the pace of that penetration in the prime category?
Rob Pollock: Well there's just such a myriad of factors going on right now, Mark. As I think we've mentioned on prior calls, one of the issues here is how the servicer deals with things like a loan restructuring, etcetera, and we found that to be very servicer specific. But the one thing I do want to point out that we do know is that for most of the prime category, we don't benefit from REO, so the sub-prime, we can write REO on, but Fannie and Freddie self insure all of their real estate owned properties. So that will exhibit a bit of a different dynamic as well.
Mark Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Adam Klauber with Fox-Pitt.
Rob Pollock: Morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Morning, Rob. Thanks. On the health and disability loss ratios, is there anything that you can do proactively now that you're seeing some of these trends, to reduce them, over the, say in the next 12 months?
Rob Pollock: Well, sure. I mean, in essence we'll look and try and determine if there were benefit provisions that might need to be scaled back. That's something we could do. We've looked at experience on certain of our plans where we've integrated the deductible and seen the experience to be different from when it's separate per member. So, that's the normal course of business stuff for us, Adam, is to be tweaking with things on a regular basis. I think the fundamental thing here we're also seeing is, as the consumer wants to use benefits, etcetera, they're after more first dollar benefits, and we have offerings out there actually and are getting quite a bit of sales under that, where in my mind, we're going to have much less severity exposure but they will use the benefit more, and we are trying to put those in play to deal with things as well. Obviously, we honor the contract that's out there for the existing people, and I think it's a demonstration of the value of the benefits that they are using them. And on cases where they are afraid they are going to lose them, they go and use the benefits, and we're going to honor all those things, of course.
Mike Peninger: Yes. And I'd just make a couple of additional points to add to what Rob said. First, just to remind everyone that if we conclude that pricing changes are needed, it does take time to roll those certainly we have to wait until expirations of brake guarantees and things like that. The other point I would make on the benefits business is we certainly work in a variety of ways with employers to find creative ways to return claimants to work, which we think is the best outcome of a disability, is for someone need to go back to work, and so if the employment situation starts to improve, that could certainly have a definite impact there; and even if it doesn't, then we're kind of redoubling our efforts. And we've historically done very well at returning people back to work, and we think that's a good spot to be in the small employer market, too.
Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. Thanks. As far as the investment yield, do you see any rebound in the near term?
Craig Lemasters: Well, a couple things on our investment strategy at this point. We're being defensive, again, tactically maintaining greater levels of liquidity, and investing in shorter duration assets than we might typically do. But keep in mind, that's a tactical decision. I think if you look at what's gone on in the treasury market, at least since year end, you've seen quite a substantial increase in treasury yields with an associated up tick in investment grade yields. I think there, the opportunities are starting to present themselves for us to redeploy into high quality defensive sectors and to replace yields that are rolling off through maturities or coupon flow. I think if you look at the numbers in the supplements, you will see that we have been successful maintaining the investment yields in the fixed income and the equity side. It's just a question of the drag on the yield right now has largely been a function of cash yields drifting lower. What we've done to offset that is redeploy some of the cash into two and three year duration, high quality corporates, TLGP assets, etcetera. So we're able to offset it in the near term as we maintain a defensive strategy. The other thing that we know is that the market won't wait for the fed to stop some of the strategies that they're employing to artificially suppress yields, and so we'll start to see some opportunities and better risk adjusted yields going forward.
Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. And just finally, can you remind us when will we get the results of the A.M. Best review?
Rob Pollock:  A.M. Best visits with us on an annual basis. Maybe the key thing you're focusing in on, Adam is when we will have the new capital formulas.
Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Right.
Rob Pollock: We'll visit with them during the second quarter of this year and should be able to update you on what we've learned on our next call.
Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Great, thank you very much, Rob.
Rob Pollock: Sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our next question from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
Rob Pollock:  Hey John. 
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Hey, I didn't expect to get back in that quick. Sorry about that. Let me get myself become in gear here. So, Solutions. So Craig, I mean, listen, this is the first quarter in a while you get to, we get to all be happy about the improvement in combined ratios, domestic, international, etcetera. I guess my question there is, was there anything in the quarter that you think we should consider as unsustainable or one time in nature that helped to drive these combined ratio results?
Craig Lemasters: Nothing specific. First of all, thank you John. If you're happy, I'm happy. But no, nothing specific. But again, I think our headwinds I've tried to be real open about starting in Investor Day. The UK IUR, unemployment, loss experience there. We've taken all the right actions, that's going to take several more quarters to work through. So I expect improvement from that later in the year. But again, that's predicated on projections in unemployment. We did see a big jump in the first quarter. If you go back to the fourth quarter, nobody was predicting it. Hopefully, that's stable. That's sort of a one headwind. Then just the general economy and one interesting thing is Mexico, for example didn't have the swine flu on the horizon, and that, our operations are ongoing there. That will have a slowdown. Obviously, people aren't out shopping right now in Mexico. So that's an interesting headwind. But other than that, I'm pleased with our, the things we've been working on in the last two years in terms of improving our core results, the risk management things and all the defensive things we've done, closing Denmark, fixing the Brazil credit insurance situation.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Sure.
Craig Lemasters: Those are starting to take hold, and again, reasonably pleased with some of the offensive moves that we've done in the last quarter.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: And Craig, can you help us think about the continued drag from here from the loss of Circuit City? Is that, at this point, in your view, when you think about the gross written premium in domestic, is that at this point fully embedded?
Craig Lemasters: Yes. That's in full, that's gone. So take the full impact of Circuit --
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes.
Craig Lemasters: -- that's a big part of our gross written decline.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Can you give us a sense for how much of that decline was just Circuit City no longer being there?
Craig Lemasters: Right. I think we talked, when they went into, or headed towards bankruptcy, it was about 20% of service contract top line, domestically.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes, okay, okay. Thank you. And then the last thing is, when you think about the UK credit and this internet-based product, as you think about the, you sort of said later this year, some improvement is expected there. Any way of thinking about what that means to the combined ratio?
Craig Lemasters: Well, again, we took the corrective actions. We did everything we could to mitigate the losses going forward. Now obviously, we stick with our policyholders and as those worked through the system. That's why I'm saying that, that stuff will be around for a number of quarters. Our goal is to see some level of improvement sequentially as we work through those issues in the UK and, again, I'm comfortable that our team has taken all the right actions. I would note also, that in addition to really trying to mitigate the losses, it's also given us an opportunity and great motivation, just overall, to try to lower our expense pace in the UK. And again, our team has taken good action there. On the offense side, again, if you go back to our Swansure and Centrepoint acquisitions, this has also been a good time to grow that footprint. If you remember, that was our strategy, to really have a nice dominant footprint in that network and we're seeing that we're able to do it in this downtime. With all of that said, the way I think about the UK now is when we do get to recovery, not sure when that will come, but when it comes, I see a company there that will have a generally lower expense base and a better footprint.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, okay. Last one for you, Rob. As you think about the results for the quarter. I'm sure you already said it, disappointing results. Do the results this quarter, as you look forward for the remainder of the year, does it change your expectations or the company's expectations with respect to free cash flow generation for the year?
Rob Pollock: I think it's too early to know on a lot of dimensions there. But obviously, I think the biggest variable for us is really the storm season, John.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay.
Rob Pollock: I'd say that's number one. I'd say number two is just asset valuations in the portfolio. Those would be, I think, the one and two considerations.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Credit, certainly during the month of April has been markedly improved. All else equal, if you just marked your portfolio to now, right, book value would have to be higher.
Rob Pollock: I believe that would be the case.
Chris Pagano: Yes John, again, the metric that we kind of look at, the rule of thumb that we suggested on a number of occasions is to look at the broad investment grade market. We've seen quite a significant improvement in April.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes.
Chris Pagano: I think the unrealized loss position is moving, continues to move in a manner that's similar to broad investment, the Merrill Lynch, Bank of America investment grade corporate index. So if you continue to use that as a rule of thumb.
John Nadel - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Terrific. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Having no further questions, I'd like to turn the conference over to Rob Pollock for any additional closing comments.
Rob Pollock: Although the economy may continue to operate below capacity in the near term, at our core is a fundamentally strong diversified specialty insurance business. By design, it's flexible and dynamic. This allows us to adapt to changing market conditions and the evolving needs of our clients and customers. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
Operator: This does conclude Assurant's first quarter 2009 call. Please note that a replay will be available as of 12:00 pm Eastern Time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Rob Pollock – President and CEO Craig Lemasters – President and CEO, Assurant Solutions Mike Peninger – EVP and Interim CFO, Assurant Gene Mergelmeyer – President and CEO, Assurant Specialty Property Chris Pagano – EVP and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach Steven Schwartz – Raymond James Jukka Lipponen – KBW Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant fourth quarter 2008 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett: Thanks operator. Welcome to Assurant's 2008 fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant; Mike Peninger, our Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Craig Lemasters, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant Solutions. I’m also pleased to be joined by Gene Mergelmeyer, President and CEO of Assurant Specialty Property; John Roberts, Interim President and CEO of Assurant Employee Benefit and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer, all of whom will be available for questions. Prepared remarks will last approximately 25 minutes after which time we will open the call to questions. Yesterday, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter 2008 financial results. The press release as well as corresponding supplementary financial information can be found on our Web site at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during this call may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you to consider the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2007 Form 10-K and subsequently filed Forms 10-Q and 8-K, including last night’s earnings release, which can be accessed from our Web site. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additionally, this presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the Company's performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to last night’s earnings release and supplementary financial information posted on our Web site. Now, I would like to turn things over to Rob.
Rob Pollock: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Before I discuss the results for the quarter and year, I would like to take the opportunity to acknowledge that today marks 5 years as a public Company for Assurant. Let’s not forget the progress we have made in that time. Since year end 2004, we have increased net operating income by more than 80% and our operating return on equity by over 400 basis points. We doubled our dividends. We’ve joined the S&P 500 and broadened our shareholder base. All of these measures validates the success of our strategy and establish a great foundation as we move forward. And I submit this foundation is serving us well in today’s environment. 2008 is the year we will not soon forget. As I evaluate our fourth quarter and full year results, I will remind myself we are operating in an economic landscape that is yet to be fully understood. Assurant prides itself on its ability to learn and adapt to changing markets. As you will hear, we are taking steps to adapt and improve the position of the Company for the both the short and long term. Earnings declined in three of our businesses. But when we evaluate overall results in the context of the current economy, our diverse specialty business model enables us to be nibble and flexible as adapt. Operating recurrence continue to be solid, and we are achieving growth in many of our targeted areas including creditor-placed home owners, service contracts and Preneed Our investment portfolio and capital position remains stable despite the unprecedented challenges in the world wide economy. Let’s review the results of each business in more detail. Assurant Specialty Property leveraged its leading position in creditor-placed home owners to deliver continued growth in net earned premiums and net operating income. We weathered an active storm season and delivered great service and value to our policy holders’ in the time of need. As the mortgage market evolves, we continue to work with mortgage lenders and services to provide them with levels of service they have come to expect from us. We continue to support activities to create stability in the mortgage market. Craig Lemasters is here to provide an update on Solutions following my remarks. Clearly our Solutions business is being impacted by the slow down in consumer spending, the primary engine of the global economy. Consistent with our prudent policy, we took action for this quarter to address problems that have served us and have took some charges as a result. However, despite the challenging macro environment, we are finding opportunities to play offence as well as defense in Solutions markets. At Assurant Health, we have historically seen the medical market expand when the economy slows. However, another example of this challenging economy, we do not believe the overall market has grown during 2008. Certainly growing our individual business had been a challenge. Nevertheless, Assurant Health continues to develop new products and leverage its diverse and broad distribution to serve the individual marketplace. We believe, we continue to be well-positioned for future growth and support affordable health care for those currently not insured. While Assurant Employee Benefits did not grow overall revenue in 2008, it continues to pursue opportunities to expand the small employer market, while maintaining good results. We expect to use our capabilities in the voluntary marketplace to help our small employer customers’ control their overall benefit costs. Our conservative investment philosophy is helping us navigate through a challenging credit market. Our net after tax unrealized loss position was virtually unchanged in the fourth quarter, and our realized losses and impairments were less than 20% of what we experienced in the third quarter. Our investment income was lower than previous quarters. Here we played defense by holding more cash in the portfolio while we wait for better risk adjusted yields. Our balance sheet and capital position remains stable. We ended the year with about $230 million in excess capital, higher than the $200 million we forecast on last quarter’s earning call. We did not repurchase any shares during the quarter. Our buyback program requires further improvement in credit markets to go into effect. But we certainly believe that the stock is attractive at these levels. Our book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income grew during the quarter, again setting us apart from the crowd. In this environment, we believe playing defense in both the investment portfolio and capital management is prudent. It provides us with the capability of being more flexible and nimble in the future when better opportunities present themselves. During the year, each business unit contributed dividends showing the strength of our diverse platform. We used the dividends to make the acquisitions of Signal and GE Warranty Management Group. We have repurchased 1 million shares from Fortis and we infused capital at our statutory entities to offset the impact of realized losses and impairments. Finally, we expanded our financial supplement to improve transparency. New disclosures include after tax portfolio yields, top foreign government issual [ph] exposures, ratings of all our statutory entities and several disclosures to provide additional insight into our Specialty Property business. I’m also pleased to announce we will hold our 2009 Investor Day on March 18 here in New York City. For those of you who are unable to attend, we will also be webcasting the event. Stay tuned, details will be distributed soon. In summary, Assurant has the proper diversity and financial resources to address the challenges of the economy. We continue to exercise prudence, while looking for opportunities to strengthen the Company. Now I would like to turn the call over to Craig Lemasters. Craig?
Craig Lemasters: Thanks Rob and good morning everyone. Solutions net operating income declined for both the quarter and the year. After we give the drivers for our result, I will share with you some details of continued progress in positioning Solutions for a long term growth and improved profitability. Overall Solutions earnings declined due to several factors. First, we incurred charges of $8.1 million after tax related to client bankruptcies. A decline in investment income continued unfavorable UK loss experience also negatively impacted our quarter. Our decision to exit business operation in Denmark resulted in $9.7 million after tax charge. However, this decision will benefit the Company’s future and I’ll give you some additional details on Denmark later in the call. During the fourth quarter, Circuit City, our largest service contract client representing roughly 20% of our domestic service contract gross written premium and net earned premium for 2008 filed for bankruptcy and later went in for liquidation. As a result, we took $6.3 million after tax charge to write off the receivable from Circuit City. We’ll continue to earn premiums at a similar level in 2009 on Circuit City written in the past, but there will be very little new business written this year. The impact of Circuit City liquidation will be less noticeable in 2009 on our bottom line that may appear on the surface. If you look on to the foot, we have been with Circuit City to improve profitability from a variety of actions including higher prices and different terms and conditions. So, we will benefit from these actions on contracts that we will earn in 2009, and as a result we anticipate our domestic combined ratio will improve. Our prudent approach to international development include setting growth and profitability metrics for each country to ensure that appropriate results are achieved in our investment. Despite significant efforts to improve result and meet targeted objectives in Denmark, we concluded that the gap between actual and expected results was too great to overcome in a reasonable timeframe. So, we made the difficult decision to shutdown this business and focus our resources in our other five developing countries. This action will improve our international combined ratio slightly and should not cause any material change to our (inaudible). Our international combined ratio increased 113.9% from 106.1% in the fourth quarter of 2007, primarily as a result of our Denmark office closing and less favorable loss experience in UK credit insurance. Going forward, our developing country expenses will be reduced with the closing of the Denmark operation. Also in the fourth quarter, we recorded a benefit of $5.9 million in the final accounting of the third quarter acquisition of the GE Warranty Management Group. The integration of the GE Warranty business into our operation is going very well and will be another source of improvement in our combined ratios in 2009 and beyond. During the third quarter of 2008, we completed the acquisition of Signal Holdings, allowing us the opportunity to grow our position in the wireless market. We now have the appropriate amount of time to finalize purchase accounting and want us to file an update. Assurant purchased this business for $257 million in cash including capitalized cost. We recorded $59.4 million of other intangible assets and $169.7 million of good will in balance sheet as of purchase date. We are pleased with our results thus far and we believe we are now well positioned with excellent products, logistics capability and an experienced team to expand our wireless both domestically and internationally. Assurant Solutions fourth quarter and full year premiums increased 6% and 11% respectively from 2007. The increases were primarily driven by continued growth in the domestic and international service contracts and annual growth in preneed. We achieved this growth despite the negative impact of foreign exchange effects caused by the US dollar strengthening against most other currencies. Even in this market, we are finding opportunities to play offense to – decline of consumer spending. Our strategies include helping our existing customers improve revenues, giving more customers and expanding distribution. This is all about establishing and sustaining strong relationships. Most recently Solutions announced the addition of new distribution channel with the signing of an exclusive contract with Whirlpool in the US and Canada including the Maytag brand. This compliments our exclusive contract with GE and leverages our service infrastructure. And we now have a leading position in the North American appliance service contract market. This is a great example of nimble we were at expanding distribution in this case and the original equipment manufacturing market. Another new client we have added is in the international credit insurance space. We are pleased to announce the partnership with Royal Bank of Canada. RBC is the largest bank in Canada, and this relationship pending government approval should provide a great opportunity to continue to advance one of our targeted growth area. While these clients will not replace revenue loss from Circuit City, we are pleased with the opportunities they provide, and again confirm our ability to grow both our client base and new distribution. In summary, despite the difficult economy, I’m encouraged by our progress in gaining new clients, entering new distribution, taking swift, corrective action when needed, all of which will lead to long-term growth and profitability. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Peninger: Thanks Craig for updating us on how Assurant Solutions continues to take the necessary steps to improve its market position in a difficult environment. Turning now to the results for the rest of the Company. Assurant’s earnings for the quarter and year reflects the continued strong performance especially Property offset by reduced earnings in the other segments. Net earned premiums increase 2% for the quarter and 7% for the year mainly due to continued growth in Specialty Property’s creditor placed home owners business and Solutions service contract and Preneed business. Our net income for the quarter is up primarily due to the real evasion of the $62.4 million tax asset relating to the sale of inactive insurance entity in the second quarter. On an annual basis, net income is down 32%, reflecting an after-tax realized loss on investments of $278.6 million, compared to losses of $40.5 million in 2007. For Assurant Solutions, I will now discuss the results for other businesses. Assurant Specialty Property delivered excellent top and bottom line results again in 2008 even though we had an active catastrophe season. Fourth quarter net operating income was up 19% to $118.5 million. For the year net operating income grew 7% to $405.2 million. The increase in net operating income reflects the continued growth in creditor-placed homeowners insurance and continued favorable combined ratios. Catastrophe losses from California wildfires net of reinsurance during the fourth quarter totaled $5.1 million after tax versus $22.2 million after tax in the fourth quarter of 2007. Results for 2008 included a total bottom line impact of $111.4 million after tax from reportable catastrophes including reinsurance reinstatement premiums of $8.6 million, compared to catastrophe losses of $22.2 million in 2007. Net earned premiums for Specialty Property increased 9% to $519.7 million in the fourth quarter and 22% to $2 billion for the full year driven by continued growth in the creditor-placed business. In an effort to provide more transparency around our growth in our business, we have added gross earned premiums to our supplement this quarter. We believe that the gross earned premiums are a better measure of our growth than gross written premiums because they exclude much of the variability caused by client contracting changes, the timing of policy issue and cancellation activity and seasonal fluctuation of our other business. We have also added a reconciliation of gross earned premiums to net earned premiums to help highlight the effects of reinsurance cost and seeded business. Reinsurance is often used to contract with clients in the creditor-placed homeowners product line and normally doesn’t impact the overall profitability of the contracts. While there can be variability in our production, we continue to see increases in two of our key growth drivers albeit a slower rate. Our average insured value per property rose to $176,000 in the fourth quarter, up 11% from the fourth quarter of 2007. Real estate owned premiums, which have been an important part of our growth represent 23% of creditor-placed gross earned premiums in the quarter, the same percentage in the third quarter. Our yield premiums have leveled as a percentage of creditor-placed gross premiums to in part to more – and various state initiatives to reduce foreclosures. We continue to see modest increases in the placement rates in our subprime and prime loan portfolios, but they remain within our disclosed ranges. Loan counts have decreased as the housing market contract and industry consolidation continues. Rate increases, our final growth driver did not have a significant impact on revenue in the fourth quarter but we continue to take right actions when appropriate and justified. We continue to benefit from our alignment with market leaders, which has resulted in our portfolio of roughly $30 million trackable loans. Our relationships enabled us to retain over $5 million trackable loans that were impacted by market consolidation in 2008. In the fourth quarter, we added 100,000 sub-prime loans and we also lost 217,000 prime loans as a result of continued industry consolidation. We believe that our ability to deliver customized technology based services to our clients’ positions us well in the future and win new business. As we look forward to 2009, we are focused on maintaining a comprehensive catastrophic risk management program. The major objective of our program is to protect the capital base of the Company. Our secondary objective is to mitigate earnings volatility when the reinsurance market pricing environment allows us to do so. As our business has grown, so has our exposure to storm risk. At the same time pricing and the reinsurance market has hardened. We purchased a good portion of our coverage in January and will secure the remainder of our program in June. It’s clear that the cost of our 2009 program will be higher than that of the 2008 program for several reasons. First, we were more slightly participate in the Florida Temporary Insurance capacity limit or (inaudible) fund this year. In 2008, the roughly $170 million that coverage that we purchased was placed at rates that were substantially below private market rates. In 2009, we expect to purchase this coverage through the private market. Second, we will be buying more coverage due to the growth in our book of our – in our book of business. And finally, we are seeing higher prices in the catastrophe marketplace. 2009 prices appear to be running about 20% above 2008 levels. As part of our ongoing risk management efforts, we have terminated certain non-core products currently included in our product category. This will cause the reduction of approximately $65 million of gross earned premiums in 2009 versus 2008. It will not have a material impact on 2009 earnings. Assurant Health continues to produce ROEs and a good combined ratio. Earnings, however, declined for both the quarter and the year reflecting the continued reduction of small group premiums and less favorable individual medical loss experience. We believe that previous economic recessions did not adversely impact the individual medical market. However, this current economic environment appears to be different as fewer people are now purchasing individual medical insurance. We believe this is likely due to concerns about affordability which highlights the need for healthcare reform in our country. Assurant is actively involved in efforts to improve the availability and affordability of individual health insurance. Don Hamm, Assurant Health CEO is a member of the Board of (inaudible), the primary health plan trade association and shares they have CEO task force on individual medical insurance. Net earned premiums during the fourth quarter and full year 2008 were both down 5% compared to the same period last year. Individual medical and net earned premiums were down slightly for the quarter accompanied by continued quarterly and year over year decline in the small group premiums. Now more than ever, Assurant Health is well served by its long history and deep knowledge of the individual health market. We are working to further differentiate our products and service offerings to appeal to a broader audience. With healthcare represented a bigger portion of everyone’s budget, more time and thought have been put into the decision to buy health insurance. We are also growing our distribution channels as seen by our renewed contract with state farm and the increasing contributions of our depth – direct distribution channel Assurant Employee Benefits net operating income decreased 13% during the fourth quarter and 19% for the year. The decrease in the fourth quarter was primarily driven by $2 million after tax decrease in investment income and less favorable overall loss experience. This is offset by a lower expense ratio and $3.5 million after tax benefit from our annual reserve adequacy study. The decrease for the year was driven by a decline of $9.2 million after tax and investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships and less favorable loss experience compared to the prior year particularly in our dental [ph] line of business. Fourth quarter earned premiums excluding single premiums declined by 1%. For the year, they were up less than 1%. We were pleased that sales in our core small employer market grew for the year. We have taken steps in the last few years to focus in the small case market and are positioned for future growth amid challenging economic times. We will continue to maintain our pricing discipline and look to leverage growth opportunities in voluntary and our alternate distributions through our Disability RMS. Corporate and other results improved due to lower expenses relating to the ongoing SEC investigation including reimbursement of certain investigation related expenses through our DNL insurance coverage. Fourth quarter 2007 results also included $6.4 million of net tax expense associated with changes in various tax liabilities. Let me now expand a bit on Rob’s earlier comments about our investment portfolio. Despite challenging financial markets in a deteriorating economic environment, the portfolio’s pre-tax unrealized loss position increased by less than $8 million during the quarter to $737.9 million as of 12/31/08. During the quarter, we realized $51.8 million of pre-tax losses including $40 million of other than temporary impairments. These amounts are significantly lower than that third quarter when we realized $299.2 million of pre-tax losses including $229.1 million of other than temporary impairments. Our impairment process has remained consistent all year and did not change during the fourth quarter. We believe that our conservative investment approach and our decision to lower the portfolio’s overall risk profile over the course of 2008 contributed to a relatively good quarter. Some of our risk mitigation actions including our decision to increase the portfolio’s cash position, plus the reduction of about $10 million in net investment income in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. However, the market is still very volatile and given the uncertain economic environment, we feel that it is prudent in the short term to sacrifice investment income and maintain a lower risk profile. Once the market stabilizes, we are confident that we will be able to identify more attractive risk adjusted yields. Our balance sheet remains solid. We are pleased that book value per share including ALCI was virtually flat with that of 9/30/08. As of December 31, 2008, total assets were $24.5 billion and total shareholders' equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income was $4.4 billion. Book value per share excluding AOCI, was up 10% to $37.21 from $33.73 at December 31, 2007. Our debt to total capital, excluding AOCI improved 18.3% versus 19.7% at year end 2007, another indication of our financial strength. Our ratio of invested assets excluding cash and equivalents to shareholders’ equity excluding AOCI, an important measure in the current climate was. 3.3 to 1 at December 31, 2008. Let me close by mentioning an accounting change we are making in 2009 for preneed. Effective January 1, 2009, all new preneed sales will be accounted for under FASB 97, which governs accounting for universal life type policies. In the past we have accounted for this business under FASB 60, which governs accounts for traditional life insurance policies. The change means instead of recording net earned premiums and associated earned claims, incurred claims, we record policy fees. The change will not have a significant impact on our bottom line profitability but will reduce preneed earned premiums and start revenue comparison of prior periods. We will update the revenue impact of the change in our 2009 earnings call, so you will be able to determine the impact that are in our top line. In summary, in the midst of unprecedented economic landscape, Assurant continued focus on the disciplined execution of its proven strategy, positions the Company for future success. Now, I would like to turn things back to Rob to open the floor for questions.
Rob Pollock: Thanks Mike. Operator, we are ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from John Nadel.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Hi, good morning everybody.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, John.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: So, a couple of questions for you. I think – thinking about Specialty property, we have been, we all I think have been watching prime mortgage delinquencies continue to rise. And may be I’m a bit surprised to see it’s not showing up more in your numbers in the past quarter too. I may be wrong on that and some of your new disclosures might add a bit differently. Can you talk about what you are seeing there? May be give us a sense for how much that placement rate is moved up within the 1% to 2% band and also comment on any effects you are seeing from foreclosure or activities that stand foreclosures?
Rob Pollock: Sure. I just want to make one comment and then turn it over to Gene. And that is I want everyone to remember the way our business model works in this business it is a lagging indicator. In other words, we send out to customers the fact notifications of, they need to show proof of insurance and then if they don’t respond we’ll place policy. That can often be 60 day and 90 day lags that occur in that. So, again just need to remember that’s how the model works. Now Gene you can comment and share more on the specifics.
Gene Mergelmeyer: Sure. Let me try. Certainly the – which are in between the segment of the business between REO and the creditor-placed business. And one thing to remember is typically while writing REO on the subprime business, and so from that standpoint when we look at what is going on in the creditor-placed business, we’ve actually see pretty consistent growth in that prime category. It’s just that did at a lower rate than we have in subprime. Recently, the trends were actually in subprime while we are still seeing growth, that growth has actually been decreasing. And I think that’s really occurring as part of the fact that we are seeing delinquencies still rise in subprime but they are rising at a lower rate. So, that’s one of the phenomenon that we are seeing that have been contributing to growth. Your second question was really around the effect of any more targets. Certainly, I think we have seen that effect. And we have mentioned in the call that creditor-placed was 23% of the gross earned premiums similar to last quarter. You likely noted – even though we do believe that gross written premium is less of an indicator because there is just so many fluctuations on that business. One other reason that was down was to real estate owned business. So, we did see a slowing as a result of the more – but when you really look at what’s going out there now in the industry, one of the bigger factors was actually California and some legislation that was put into place there that delayed some foreclosures. So, we saw foreclosure activity, foreclosure starts actually go down a bit in the third and fourth quarter. But when you look at some of the newest statistics, I think they are recording that December notices the following scenario, I mean they are literally up 17% over November. And they are literally doubled in California. So, there is some macro economic things going on out there. There’s a lot of activity around trying to mitigate things, and it is having some impact on our business.
Rob Pollock: So, I mean, obviously there’s a lot of different things going on John. We are trying to be nimble and flexible to adjust to it. Gene is on top. It’s different by geography. It also varies by client, but we are working hard to stay on top of all these things.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Maybe just as a quick follow up on that before moving over to Solutions. Maybe it’s simple enough to ask at this way, do you expect top line growth in Specialty Property in ’09 over ’08?
Rob Pollock: We don’t really provide guidance but certainly John, if you look at it we’ve tried to lay out what the growth drivers are. And I think one of the big ones is certainly placement rate, and placement rates go up, our top line is slightly going to go up.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay.
Gene Mergelmeyer: We are encouraged by some of the activity. I mean, one other things that has obviously occurred in the last couple of quarters has been the home loan modification process. And quite frankly as they go through that process, one other things they are gong to look at is the insurance cost, and they will do their best to try and get that insurance cost down. What we are finding though is that we are maintaining some of our forced [ph] placed business through that process and we have been able to again albeit at a lower rate, increase our placement rates despite all of that loan modification. So, that’s been encouraging.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Thank you. Switching to Solutions, I guess, I understand you are keeping your liquidity level somewhat higher and that’s defiantly having a drag effect on your net investment income on the margin. Can you give us a sense, I know you guys don’t like to give guidance, but this division has been so difficult despite the workshop and the additional disclosures that you guys have done over the past year. It’s very difficult to get a handle on this division’s earnings and may be you could give us a sense for where you think the run rate of earnings after adjusting for a bunch of these one time items the – we don’t know exactly, may be you can tell us what the drag is on the combined ratio from Denmark and the UK credit insurance business? What your combined ratio is excluding those items, that might be helpful? But just give us a sense for where the run rate is? Are we talking under $20 million quarterly or is it mid-$20 million, I’m just unclear on that?
Rob Pollock: Again John, I think where you want to start is, we have put some high level deposits out on combined ratios that we think we can achieve over the long term.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes.
Rob Pollock: Combined ratios are 98 domestically and mid-90s internationally. Internationally, obviously it takes longer because we are expanding in the number of countries and we pointed out how that will be a function of the type of service contracts that are written etcetera. I think that what you heard when (inaudible) a number of action taken defensively to better improve our results for next year, which we think will move those combined ratios toward our goal. Craig?
Craig Lemasters: I’ll add to it, Rob. I mean, John, you mentioned the workshop. I think the things that are highlighted there are in terms of borrowing [ph] ultimate profit improvement have not changed. Obviously, time line is quite challenging in what’s going on in the economy is really not that we saw (inaudible) all the markets that we in now. I think I mentioned earlier, there are several specific things that will be coming through over the next few years, and that said will improve our results. One of the more generous way back to the (inaudible) transaction and will take that business really do all the things that I think we are good at in terms of risk management and need to improve those results. We expect that to –. We think we are very prudent about expense in general. I mentioned Denmark earlier. I think it’s a great example again – moves where I said it over the last several years, whenever we are in a developing country and we are spending money is an investment for the future. If I ever get to the point where metrics don’t look like we are not going to achieve our long-term goals, we are going to exit. And as a decision, I think that’s a great defensive move at these times to help improve our results as we move through 2009 and beyond. So, again the items haven’t changed. I can tell you that our team is more focused in every other things that we can have influence over. I think that we control, and that’s some of the highlights that I gave earlier – new clients and new distribution. We are in fact improving this as well.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: So, Craig, just a follow up. I mean what’s your view of the combined ratio in the quarter excluding the Denmark cost and then some drag from UK credit?
Craig Lemasters: I won’t give specific guidance on that John. But again I think the biggest mover for the quarter was on international clearly to Denmark $9.7 million. The UK, we talked about that for a couple of quarters. It’s not of the size that we put into supplement but it is drag on our combined internationally now. Again on that specifically, I talked about Denmark. I think UK we are taking pretty swift steps there in terms of some isolated Internet distribution that we tested. And we are taking very swift steps to improve that, and we expect that to improve and have a positive impact in this year (inaudible) combined internationally. Those are the big drivers that (inaudible)
Rob Pollock: If you take the 9, 7 on Denmark and relate it to a combined ratio I don’t know what the denominator is but I didn’t calculate that.
Gene Mergelmeyer: Bankruptcy is – there were definitely some I think if you look at the slowest items John, I think you can back into that –
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. So, is it fair for me to just use your corporate tax rate? Is there anything that we need to do different on Denmark?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Yes. The tax rate just at the start of this quarter, if you see the – in fact the tax rate for Solutions is way up there. That’s partially part of the Denmark impact was $3 million of tax asset write off, and there was some other foreign adjustments in tax valuation allowances start that rate. So, I think better run rate – effective tax rate for Solutions is going to run probably in the 33% or so. I think in the past we have given some guidance on tax rates where it has or may be closer to 32%. Now you got the Signal coming on boards and some other things over – The run rate now is probably going to be in that 33% range.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. May be you guys can come back on that side. I don’t want to spend more time on it right now. But if pieces of Denmark were tax items versus actual G&A write offs or other, may be you could actually just clarify for us the actual impact on the combined ratio. I think that will be helpful just for us to get to a run rate. To some level that excludes that noise, the only other thing on Solutions was just thinking more positively, obviously a great addition in the Whirlpool relationship, and it’s my understanding that Whirlpool had that bunch of different insurance providers but primarily with IG. Obviously, IG has got its own issues, but can you comment on whether you are seeing any RSP activity from other large retail relationships from other insurance providers like Best Buy or Wal-Mart or others?
Rob Pollock: Sure, John. I don’t want to comment specific on client by client. But I would say in general, what you are asking is or saying is correct. There is an activity right now and we see it coming in two places. If you look at our competitors again not just here, but globally, they tend to either be clients themselves who could do a lot of these programs themselves or the companies that tend to be in service contracts as they sign not necessarily at core [ph] level. Everything going on out here we see most clients and certain competitors retrenching to core and looking for alternatives. So, this is encouraging part of our business right now and it is we see a very strong activity right now. Again like never before when we were working hard, our fore capabilities with these folks and Royal Bank of Canada is a great customer and hold [ph] them is very difficult – and we could be a real resource for recovery for our clients. So, we are very encouraged by the level of activity.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And then last item, I promise, statutory capital at the end of 2008 on the consolidated basis, any estimate on that?
Rob Pollock: No, but they will be in the take [ph], but we are just working through in our books right now John.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Any difference, any meaningful difference in impairments that you guys have taken on a GAAP versus statutory basis that think about there?
Rob Pollock: Chris, can you talk about that?
Chris Pagano: In GAAP, the numbers are very similar. Just may be a couple of comments on the impairment. I think certainly it’s considerably less than the third quarter. I think a lot of that had to do with assets that had loans and continuing to have difficulties in investment market. We also did make some conscious decisions to reduce the risk in the portfolio taking right from the third quarter realizing sales etcetera and I think that’s paying off for us right now.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Yes, you noted that you see some of that activity unlike a few of other in the insurance business. Okay. Thanks guys.
Rob Pollock: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Hi, good morning everybody. I’ll try and make this much quicker. From GE Warranty, the benefit that sided, is that a continuing ongoing benefit or was that a one timers. It wasn’t clear for me?
Mike Peninger: That was a one-timer, Steven. That was just a finalization for the accounting for that transaction in the third quarter.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Okay. Mike, there wasn’t – I don’t think there wasn’t any disclosure in the back of the supplement, which the –
Mike Peninger: It’s in there John – Steve it’s the client related settlement, it’s just up 5.9 –
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Okay. Great. Okay, good I got it. A question on extended service contract. There was an article yesterday or two days ago about cobblers actually of things, people getting their shoes fixed. And a recession as this that we are going through, would one expect a contract holder to access his contract more than he would in good times?
Mike Peninger: We have not seen that, Steven. I mean we are watching that in our risk management business is pretty diligent. (inaudible) So we are going to look for any of those sorts of trends we have not seen in terms of our overall experience right now. It’s interesting on part of this we have seen in terms of (inaudible) this business while obviously the retailers are struggling and we see a decline for those of this direct model on the original equipment manufacturing, in fact I mentioned earlier, pretty exciting because we are actually seeing very strong business. So, it looks like in these tougher times, people are just serious and want to renew service contracts which will make sense in terms of if you not necessarily replacing things but we are holding on to the equipment longer and that’s really given us an opportunity and that’s why we like that distribution.
Rob Pollock: I just point out to Steven that we avoided the shoe market with the –
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Good for you. Mike, then pension expense, should we expect that to increase this year?
Mike Peninger: In 2009?
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Yes.
Mike Peninger: It will go up a little I think but I don’t have the number of the top of my head, but I would expect that number to go up just a bit.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Okay. And then the last question, a theory question on Specialty Property. You have a loan, it’s subprime. You are insuring it. It move to REO, you are insuring that. My understanding is – the revenues may change, the profitability is the same. Does it matter? Structurally does it matter if there is more time for closures because it just remains alone creditor-placed or does it post to REO?
Mike Peninger: No. It may not matter.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Okay.
Mike Peninger: But in certain cases, we may have the creditor-placed business, and it may be creditor-placed. In other cases, we may not still get it until it reaches REO
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Okay. All right.
Mike Peninger: And one other thing there is Steven to remember. Not all of our clients would we have on our creditor-placed program necessarily have an REO program with us.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Right. To me that would – that’s why I was thinking. To me that more – actually be a positive for you because when the loan stays with you as opposed to moving to somebody else who is self-insured.
Mike Peninger: Right. That’s true. Also remember you can have situations where the insurance may not happen until it goes REO status.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Right. Okay, so they are different things. All right, that’s what I had. Thank you guys.
Mike Peninger: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jukka Lipponen with KBW
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Jukka.
Jukka Lipponen – KBW: Coming back to the growth, and how we should we thinking about it in Specialty Property, the fact that on the gross written basis, the REO business was down in terms of the mix and obviously the REO as you are showing had the higher insured values. So, how should we thinking about the impact on the top line from that angle aspect?
Mike Peninger: Again I think we are trying to add some transparency here by giving those additional disclosures. On the gross written premium side, it was 19% of the creditor-placed business versus the 23%. So, that was the impact on the specific quarter. When we look to the future, again I think barring some of these more torrents and some of these stated facts that have delayed some of these foreclosures. We are cautiously optimistic that some of that REO business will increase. Secondly, as yes, you look to the industry there’s a lot of foreclosures that are continuing to be forecast and that’s what we are looking to – guidance for that.
Rob Pollock: I think part of the transparency, Jukka, is to think about this business in different pieces, okay? REO is a separate business, okay? Remember Fannie and Freddie self insure all REOs, so we are not going to be in market where there is a Fannie Freddie loan for REO. And only a sub set of our clients list has an REO program with us. So, as you model through what might become an REO property, remember those facts that – I think that will help you think about the market a little better.
Jukka Lipponen – KBW: And what is the amount say that the clients move up sequentially in this quarter?
Mike Peninger: We actually had clients that we moved to our reinsurance program, back dated a bit which really drove the largest part of that increase in the receiving amount.
Jukka Lipponen – KBW: And in Solutions, the growth there how should we thinking about the timing of the Whirlpool relationship and the RBC relationship, how that’s going to help on the top line? And then also can you update us on what’s going on in China?
Mike Peninger: Sure. In terms of both Whirlpool and RBC, those are sort of mid-year implementations, Jukka. So, we are starting to see the benefit of both of those later in the year. So, I guess thinking about the top line of Solutions, other than that internationally, really we are seeing now than we have seen in the last few quarters. The same thing going on in the credit line on gross written, then we see in (inaudible), the biggest market still in the UK and Canada for retailer. Those are behaving much like here in the US. So, we’ll have pressure on that. The offset will obviously increase pulling off aggressively is to add which will help to soften as it gets going later in the year. And service contracts for a flat quarter over quarter seeing those trends in Latin America (inaudible) where our service contracts but again we see those markets slowing down quite a bit as well. Domestically of course the credit churn is in the same mode effectively and – service contract line again the pressure will come there from the Circuit City a run off [ph] in the business. So, the real focus for us is that this new distribution ability to get GE and operating at an even higher level, getting Whirlpool implemented – very important. And the final piece of it is wireless, again you get into the wireless space and they – we are thinking in a big way and guys have great capability to get share in wireless. And that really is our focus, new clients and new distributions. So, we are pushing very hard in the wireless.
Mike Peninger: And I think you also asked about China?
Jukka Lipponen – KBW: Yes, China.
Mike Peninger: I think we are right on track. We are up and running the service contract. And on the insurance side, we are still in the waiting period I think Craig?
Craig Lemasters: That’s right. We opened service contract companies in the middle of last year and really spent the lateral part of the year staffing. We have a General Manager there and we are in the process now, we are actively prospecting service contract. As Mike said, the insurance takes longer because we are in a rep office status which will go for a 2 year period. But we are pleased with the progress so far in the service contract side.
Mike Peninger: And again here’s a great example of the risk management (inaudible), Craig is actually using the – people in China the process some US business to just get a feel of how it works, and again to me that means when the business does come we’ll have an experienced group there.
Jukka Lipponen – KBW: And last question, Rob, you said you want to see improvements in credit markets before you would actually activate buy back. Can you give us a little color and on what kind of things you are looking for or looking to there – prudent to keep capital at this point? But at the same time like you said the stock is attractive and presumably the slower growth is going to generate excess capital going forward?
Rob Pollock: Yes. Two things I think about Jukka, one I think we said we like to see the credit markets looking more like they looked like middle of last year, I’m going to let Chris comment on that. The second one we want to see obviously is every year, the rating agent recalibrate their capital formulas and we want to be in a position to see how that plays as well. So, those are the couple. I’m going to let Chris comment a bit more on the credit markets.
Chris Pagano: Hi, Jukka. When we talk about the service portfolio performance and had a gauge the changes in unrealized – we like to look at our portfolio. We take (inaudible) in general and corporate bond. That’s the – when we look at credit market stabilization, that’s what we are looking at. We saw a rather hard third quarter and then the market got worse early in the fourth but stabilized towards the end of the year. That’s the metric we were looking at, that was regard to how we manage the asset to net off the (inaudible) I think here the key for us in regard to the excess capital the holding company is to maintain financial stability and when we get a better line with regards to the market, the economy and profitability in 2009, we’ll have a better sense of how to deploy them.
Jukka Lipponen – KBW: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse.
Rob Pollock: Good morning. Vinay.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Hi good morning. Could you help us understand your exposure to credit insurance outside the US? I believe you have about $800 million worth of premiums. How should we look at higher unemployment outside the US affecting your margins?
Rob Pollock: Sure. In general, the majority of our arrangements, Vinay, operate where there is retro-commission based on the profitability of the business. That’s not in every situation, but certainly for the majority of them in place. So we certainly have protections built in for an increase in unemployment. The other thing I’d mention is that we are often selling a bundled product, which involves not only unemployment, it involves credit life and it involves disability. The credit life rarely shows much variability even in economic downturns and that can be a buffer. Craig, you want to comment a little more?
Craig Lemasters: Yes – no, I think that’s a good description, in general, of where we are outside of US with this product, Vinay, and again the pressure on the loss ratio is really been specific in most parts of UK. And really there we are testing new distribution, which we always think the Internet is a very viable distribution that we have to be a part of. So that’s an area we are obviously not going through a third party, so we don’t have that same contractual relationship. Well, this all came when the unemployment rate escalated very quickly as we got into the third quarter of last year. But because it is again we use the same risk management techniques everywhere in the world now. So when something like this happens, we move very quickly and again same techniques, rate changes, terms and conditions, we will cancel a business if we need to, to correct these as quickly as possible, and that’s what we are doing in the UK.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Alright. And with respect to the Denmark office, how much in dollar terms would you say per year from the closure of that office in the form of expenses?
Chris Pagano: Yes, Vinay, we are still looking at that. I mean the charge that we took was around severance, we mentioned the tax earlier in the call and some of the office things as well as reserves that we put up with we think are appropriate for the run off. We are now in the process of actually finalizing how we will run off those existing contracts and what’s the cost associated would be. Obviously, as we move through next year, we would expect those expenses to begin to reduce throughout next year.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Do you have a number for quarterly expenses are in Denmark, right now?
Craig Lemasters: Right, I mean our hope would be that again we’ve been running roughly $2 million so that would be sort of a target would be around the $2 million frame, which would be consistent with some of our developing quarters.
Rob Pollock: Yes, that’s per quarter.
Craig Lemasters: Yes, that’s a quarterly number.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: So, $2 million per quarter were your expenses in Denmark and that might come down later (inaudible) that’s great.
Mike Peninger: Yes. Remember there is a – the run off Craig mentioned, we’ve got actually shut down the thing, so they won't just quote as zero starting on January 1st.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: So, fair enough. And the last question was on the health insurance. I believe you mentioned that there was a change in the buying patterns and that individuals were buying less health insurance. If you could just expand on that or maybe I miss-heard you?
Craig Lemasters: No, that’s what we certainly tried to convey, Vinay. I mean I think that we – it’s difficult to get all the roll up of the number of people who are covered by individual health insurance. And so we try and make estimates of that and our estimates are the number of people covered have not grown. And typically, in an economic downturn we have seen the number grow. As Mike mentioned, a lot of this is around affordability issues, and again we are committed to affordable healthcare for everyone and want to come up with more solutions to bring people into the market. Mike mentioned Don’s industry involvement. In fact he is there – industry meetings today. That’s why he is not here to answer this, but we are working hard on it. We introduced some new products that have been well received. We mentioned those, the patient care, the TeleDoc product, et cetera and we see continuing need to introduce new products and see how consumers respond to them in the marketplace and we’ve been successful and have a long history of doing that. So, Mike mentioned we are testing new distribution system. I am sure you’ve seen some of our commercials. We are getting traction around that. So, again, we are optimistic over the long term that there are plenty of growth opportunities there.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: And that’s great. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Adam Klauber with Fox-Pitt.
Rob Pollock: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Good morning, Rob, thanks. I’ll try and make it quick, two or three quick questions.
Rob Pollock: Sure.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: On the build up of cash and short term investments, any sense on are you going to continue to do that in the near term?
Rob Pollock: I’ll let Chris comment on this.
Chris Pagano: Yes, I think I mean we are fine defense right now and I think this is a tactical decision on our part. Our investment philosophy has never been about reaching to the last dollar’s income and that’s what kept us out of some of the problems that I think some of the other investors are facing right now. But the goal here is when we get a better line of sight, get a better feel on the direction of the economy, when we get a better sense of what the government actions are going to be regarding the banking industry, then we’ll feel more comfortable deploying those assets. We do think that ultimately there is going to be a bill to paid for all the stimulus and all the intervention and that will we think lead to higher overall interest rates in better reinvested yields for the portfolio. And again, tactical. Do I see a line of sight in the next month of weeks so that we may get a better sense, but now we are going to play decent investment portfolio.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, thanks. Also on the health legislation, on the surface it looks like that could be in fact it help cover a decent portion of your market. Any sense on how much your market that could impact?
Chris Pagano: Are you talking about the COBRA extension, Adam?
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Yes.
Chris Pagano: Yes, I mean COBRA extension, we certainly get people who leave employment relationships and chose not to exercise COBRA, the subsidy might have more of them being covered. I think the thing to remember, however, is that COBRA is an average group rate and the cost of care varies dramatically depending on your particular demographics. And so younger people are that way – we have a product, our short term medical product that is very geared toward an even lower cost alternative. So a lot of it becomes an affordability issue, Adam. You know there has also been things recently. I noticed Senator Baucus, who Chairs the Senate Finance Committee, has made some recent pronouncements that say, we are going to have a private-public marketplace going on here as we move forward, So I think most of what’s been introduced between the children’s program and some things to help people because of the economy are the things that are most likely here in the near term on the reform side.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. And one last quick one. The Hartford – the sale of the variable to Hartford, is that still well above water?
Chris Pagano: I am sorry, one more time, Adam?
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: The sale that you guys did a number of years ago of the variable book to Hartford—
Chris Pagano: Yes.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: If that’s still well above water?
Chris Pagano: Well, there is a trust that the assets are held in and Hartford is meeting all the requirements with respect to the amount of assets that they keep in the trust to back the liability. So there has been no change in that status.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay, thank you very much.
Rob Pollock: Okay. So, first, I appreciate, everyone being on the call on our anniversary today and we certainly recognize that we have some difficult times going on. But we see lots of opportunities for us to leverage our capabilities with partners and customers and I think we are in a position to play off and from a number of those fronts. I look forward to updating you on our progress on our next call. Thank you folks.
Operator: This does conclude today’s Assurant's fourth quarter conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett - Sr. VP IR Robert B. Pollock - President and CEO Gene Mergelmeyer - President and CEO, Assurant Specialty Property Michael J. Peninger - EVP; Interim CFO S. Craig Lemasters - President and CEO, Assurant Solutions Christopher J. Pagano - EVP and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management Donald Hamm - EVP; President and CEO, Assurant Health
Analysts: Jukka Lipponen - KBW Keith Walsh - Citigroup Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Securities Elizabeth Malone - KeyBanc Capital Markets John Hall - Wachovia John Nadel - Sterne Agee Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments Adam Klauber - Fox Pitt Kelton Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant Third Quarter 2008 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on-mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett - Senior Vice President Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Welcome to Assurant's 2008 third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, President and CEO of Assurant; Mike Peninger, our Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Gene Mergelmeyer, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant Specialty Property. I'm pleased to be joined by the other members of our senior leadership team; Don Hamm, President and CEO of Assurant Health: Craig Lemasters, President and CEO of Assurant Solutions; and John Roberts, President and Interim CEO of Assurant Employee Benefit; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Prepared remarks will last approximately 25 minutes after which time we will open the call to your questions. This morning we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2008 financial results. The press release as well as corresponding supplementary financial information may be found on our website at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during this call may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you to consider the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2007 Form 10-K and subsequently filed Form 10-Q and 8-K, including this morning's earnings release, which all can be accessed from our website. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additionally this presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to this morning's earnings press release and supplementary financial information posted on our website. Now, I'd like to turn things over to Rob.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning everyone, thank you for joining us today. During a period of unprecedented capital markets volatility and an active hurricane season, Assurant demonstrated resilience and served its customers by staying in the course and executing its diversified specialty strategy. Our business model anticipates hurricane activity and we mitigate risk with a comprehensive reinsurance program. In comparing results to last year, remember, that both Gustav and Ike were significant storms and we had no report of hurricane activity in 2007. We continue to focus on building long term value for our shareholders, saying that, we are happy to have the third quarter behind us. Assurant is not immune to the volatility experienced in the credit markets or the economy, rest assured we're taking steps to minimize the downside impact with an eye toward maximizing opportunities that may develop to better position the company moving forward. Before I provide an overview of the businesses, let me began by reviewing our conservative investment philosophy and our solid capital position. The investment portfolio experienced losses due to sales and impairments on certain issuers. Rising credit spreads led to significant increase unrealized losses. Our losses are consistent with the performance of the overall credit market and the portfolio remains fundamentally solid. Going forward, there are several reasons we believe our portfolio is well positioned to weather the current market volatility. First, we have little exposure to many of the asset classes that have contributed to the ongoing credit crisis. For example, we owe no credit default swaps; second our mix of business is dominated by non-callable liabilities. Reducing the risk that we have to sale assets at today's market prices. And third, our asset leverage is low in comparison with traditional life insurance companies. This quarter we've introduced additional disclosure on our investment portfolio in our financial supplement. We believe that high rates are conservative investment philosophy. Turning to our capital position, we began the year with $250 million of excess capital. We believe we'll end the year with about $200 million of excess capital. This estimate does not include fourth quarter activities such as acquisitions, hurricanes or change in credit markets. It does reflect changes in dividend capacity related to portfolio losses through October 24th. Our capital management strategy will continue to follow the course we have chartered for you. That is we will use our excess capital to make acquisitions or return it to our shareholders in dividends or the repurchase of our shares. Our diversified businesses continue to generate earnings that provide dividend capacity after meeting any requirements to support their growth. In addition to our excess capital, our low debt to capital ratio provides us additional flexibility. Recent marketing conditions contributed to our decision to complete acquisitions with cash. But future acquisitions could be financed, and our balance sheet can support a higher debt to capital ratio. Like others, we hope the credits spreads return to historical norms or at least closer than are today. Our revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program has been used, but provides $500 million of capacity. So although we're currently in an excess capital position, we continue to evaluate all auctions, so we maximize our capital flexibility as the market and opportunities evolve. Now let me provide some color on this quarter's business results. In Solutions despite the pressures of the retail environment, net earned premium continue to grow for this quarter and nine months. Earnings for the quarter were below our expectations due to less favorable loss experienced domestically and internationally. The global economic environment is translating into a slowdown in the sale of goods to which we can attach a service contract. We are working hard to softening the impact of this trend by acquiring new clients and helping current clients increase sales. This quarter we announced two acquisitions in areas we've targeted for growth within solutions. The acquisitions of GE's Warranty Management Group and Signal Holdings a leading wireless logistics and repair company, will enhance our competitive positions in the respective markets. Moving to Specialty Property, our results reflect in active storm season which reduced net operating income. However, employees once again responded quickly and compassionately to the thousands of customers affected by the hurricanes during the quarter. Gene Mergelmeyer will provide a detail review of Specialty Property this quarter and outlook shortly. At Assurant Health, we continue to operate in a challenging environment. Historically, the individual market is growing when people loose coverage under group plans. However, due to the severity of the current economic environment, we have not yet seen a growth in the insured individual medical market. We are pleased that our new individual medical product portfolio has been well received as demonstrated by our individual medical sales increasing over the second quarter. We continue to focus on improving the strength of our comprehensive product portfolio and extents of distribution capabilities. We were very pleased to announce a new 10 year contract with State Farm for exclusive distribution of Assurant's individual and short-term medical products. Assurant Employee Benefits delivered strong results and continues to build momentum by delivering value in the small employer benefits market. Despite the economic slowdown employee benefits experienced favorable loss experience and good persistency. We are also pleased that premiums excluding the impact of closed block acquisitions have increased over 2007 levels in each quarter of 2008. So in summary, despite a challenging quarter we demonstrated resilience enabled by our diversified specialty strategy. We continue to focus on building long-term value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Gene Mergelmeyer to discuss Specialty Property. Following Gene, Mike Peninger will review our other businesses for the quarter. Gene?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Specialty Property: Thanks Rob and good morning everyone. Our level of net income for the quarter despite the high level of catastrophes demonstrated the value of our risk management expertise and the strength for our differentiated business model. Assurant Specialty Property net and operating income was $30.9 million for the quarter. Results were driven by an active hurricane season, resulting in $86.2 million after-tax of reportable catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, from hurricanes Gustav and Ike and $8.6 million after-tax of reinsurance re-instatement premiums. The decline over prior years was magnified by the fact that 2007 was an exceptionally mild hurricane season. We also experienced related increases in general expenses, including stake catastrophe assessments and increased cost associated with hurricane related services. Underlying results, excluding the catastrophes were strong. Despite hurricane losses of $97.7 million net of reinsurance for the nine months and no reportable cat activity in 2007, net operating income was up 3% to $286.7 million for the first nine months of 2008. As a result of growth in creditor-placed insurance, we've increased our invested assets resulting in higher investment income. The hurricane activity demonstrated the value and effectiveness of our 2008 cat reinsurance program and our core capability of risk management. Our reinsurance coverage provided for $61 million of recoveries, on an estimated $194 million of growth losses. In addition, the storm activity recorded in the third quarter was sufficient to satisfy the frequency and deductible requirements of the third layer of our reinsurance program. Our catastrophe aggregate reinsurance program will now generally provide first dollar coverage of up to $40 million of claims for each of the next two hurricane events that could result in more than $10 million loss. Obviously we'll hopeful will use this coverage, the hurricane season does run through November 30th, and this demonstrates a comprehensive risk management programs that we put in place. Let me now discuss the positive result we continue to see from the primary growth drivers. Average insured values rose to $173,000 in the third quarter of 2008 compared $151,000 in the third quarter of 2007 and $170,000 in the second quarter of 2008. This increase was partially driven by an increase in real estate owned premiums, which now represents 23% of our creditor-placed premiums. We continue to see growth in placement rates, with both the prime and subprime penetration rates increasing, or be it at a lower level. Both remain within the overall ranges we have previously provided namely 6 to 15% for subprime accounts and 1 to 2% for our prime account. Our average policy premium has grown to $1800. This is a very dynamic time in the mortgage market as you know, and we have seen changes in the ownership and consolidation of many service loans. We estimate that with our strong market position that we'll be able to maintain tracking and placement of over 5 million loans that are currently going through market consolidation. While we did lose a net 130,000 prime loans and 60,000 subprime loans in the current quarter due solely to market consolidation. We strongly believe our alignment with market leaders should continue to position us well in a long run as these services are likely to be in the best position to purchase and originate loans in the marketplace in the future. Specialty Property's net earned premiums increased 15% for the quarter and 27% for first nine months of 2008, despite additional reinsurance costs of $26.6 million for the quarter and $17.5 million for the year, including the $13.2 million of catastrophe reinsurance re-instatement premiums compared to none in 2007. Gross written premiums in the quarter increased 16% in the third quarter and 22% from the first nine months of 2007 driven by the growth factors that I discussed. If you are watching our growth trends sequentially, let me point out that that can be variability in both net earned premiums and gross written premiums due to the timing of new clients or loan losses and premiums written or cancellations recorded and the loans are gained and loss. Absent these events, we did sees sequential growth in net earned and gross written premiums consistent with a increase in the growth drivers but at a lower rate than in previous quarters. The third quarter demonstrated the vital protection provided by our products. We believe that we provided industry leading service on claims resulting from hurricane activity by quickly we responding to and settling claims reported. We have currently closed over 94% of claims related to hurricane Gustav and 90% related to Ike in our credit-placed homeowners insurance. I am very proud of all the Specialty Property and pleased that we were there for our clients and their customers in their time of need. We continue to monitor and participate in industry discussions on how to help stabilize the mortgage market. While it is difficult to predict the timing and impacts of various changes in government programs that are currently underway, Assurant Specialty Property's unique business model still well positioned. We can benefit from our alignment with industry leaders and are continually to see growth in our business, looking closely with our clients we focus on applying our risk management expertise and leveraging our smart port [ph] technology to bring our client... benefit our clients and their customers. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mike Peninger.
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Gene. In the phase of a quarter characterized by heavy catastrophe losses, Assurant Specialty Property performed well and maintained its leading position in the creditor-placed market. Before I turn to the operating results of our remaining businesses, since portfolio questions are in everyone's mind in the current environment, let me add a few comments on our portfolio to supplement Rob's earlier remarks. Our new investment disclosure breaks out exposure by issuer in industry type. As of September 30th our investment portfolio had an average quality of A2 and a duration of just over six years. We've maintain the consistent investment philosophy but emphasized as matching our portfolio characteristics with those of our liabilities and have avoided many risky asset categories like credit default swaps. As of September 30 2008, 98.4% of our financial assets were classified as either Level 1 or Level 2 under GAAP accounting rules which means that they have absorbable market prices and are easily valid. That is consistent with our conservative investment philosophy and adds transparency to our balance sheet. To further reduce the risk in our portfolio we scale back our securities lending program by nearly $200 billion to $343 million or 2.5% of our investments at September 30th, since the end of the quarter we've continue to reduce the program and are currently stands at about $250 million. Now let's review our consolidated results and the results from each of our other specialty businesses. Overall net and operating income for the quarter declined by 58% versus the third quarter of 2007 driven primarily by the catastrophe losses in Specialty Properties as Gene discussed. Net earned premiums increased 5% for the quarter compared to 2007 due largely to growth in several of our key targeted growth areas including creditor- placed homeowners extended service contracts and premium. A net loss of $111.4 million for the quarter was primarily driven by net realized losses on investments as well as the catastrophe losses. At Assurant Solutions net operating income declined by 45% versus the third quarter of 2007 to $20.4 million. Results for the first nine months of 2008 included 0.8 million after-tax of investment income from real estate partnerships compared to $10.2 million after-tax in same period of 2007. The domestic combined ratio rose 380 basis points to 104.7% for the quarter, roughly two thirds of this increase relates to the acquisition of the Warranty Management Group from GE which we purchased during the quarter for a $140 million. In separate transaction GE paid us $115 million for the assumptions of certain contractual obligations arising from our prior relationships. As a result of these transactions, we acquired intangible assets of about a $126 million established about $15 million of goodwill in our balance sheet and recorded a $7.7 million after-tax charge to third quarter earnings. While we've had excellent working relationships with GE for a number of years, we're very excited about the new opportunities resulting from the Warranty Group acquisition. We can now work directly with clients and control the underwriting, servicing and administration of the warranties and the long-term GE marketing agreement gives us a strong marketplace presence. By eliminating the commission previously paid to GE we expect to improve our combined ratio on the business which will help drive toward a targeted domestic combined ratio that's in the high 90s. Internationally, the combined ratio increased 330 basis points to 105.6% in the quarter. 240 basis points of the increase was caused by additional expenses in our developing countries, which increased to $13.1 million compared with $7.4 million in the third quarter of 2007. Expenses increased due to additional staff hires, systems development expenses and marketing cost to support our local operations. Over $1 million of the increase reflects increased activity in China. Our international operations faced economic challenges during the quarter that were similar those in the United States. We saw less favorable experience in the United Kingdom in particular driven by deterioration of the economy and spiking unemployment rates. In spite of the economic difficulties in the UK we are pleased to report that the 2007 acquisitions of Swansure and Centrepoint are performing inline with our expectations. As a reminder, these companies were acquired to extend our presence in the underwriting and distribution of mortgage payment protection and building and content insurance in the UK Integration activity is proceeding faster than we've planned and we have been able to reduce the annual operating expenses accordingly. While sales are down due to economic difficulties our profit expectations are being met and the businesses modestly profitable this year. The increase in solutions net earned premiums for the quarter and nine months were driven by the continued growth in our domestic and international service contract business and growth in Preneed. Primarily driven by a tough retail sales market including the closing of comp USA stores domestic gross written premiums declined for the quarter and nine months. International gross written premiums were up primarily due to strong growth in several countries with Canada showing particularly good results. Our acquisition of Signal Holdings which closed in early October, gives us a great opportunity to expand into the wireless market. This is a growing market with only one large competitor and we see where our value proposition is compelling. We purchased this business for $250 million in cash and our finalizing the evaluation of intangible assets acquired. We expect the transaction to be accretive to earnings starting in 2010 and will give you more information on it during our fourth quarter call. The Signal acquisition demonstrates our ability to strengthen our specialty businesses by deploying our capital in a targeted growth area. The recent acquisitions have strengthen solutions market place position both domestically and internationally in give us the tools to compete successfully even in a slowing retail sales environment. Assurant Health results this quarter reflect a challenging marketplace. Net operating income was down versus 2007 due to continued premium declines for small group and less favorable loss experienced in individual medical. Individual medical membership declined 8% from a year ago and was flat from the previous quarter. Loss rates have been slightly higher in a market that looks is always [ph] not expanding coverage. We are pleased that individual medical sales were up 12% over the second quarter, we believe that this increase indicates a positive reception for our new product portfolio which focuses on allowing individuals to take control of their own health decisions. We believe that one our competitive advantages is our strong national distribution system which reaches more than 165,000 agents. The expansion of our exclusive national alliance with State Farm whose dedicated agents reach one in every four households in the United States will benefit both partners over the long-term. We also continue to gains our direct to consumer capabilities; we have the television commercials and internet advertising and have recently seen sales increase in this distribution channel. We believe that Assurant Health has the risk management, distribution and administrative capabilities to create long-term value for our customers and shareholders in the dynamic healthcare environment. Assurant Employee Benefits had a solid quarter; results for the third quarter of 2008 improve due to more favorable loss experienced compared to last year. Strong disability and late results were partially offset by less favorable loss [ph] experience. Results for the first nine months of 2008 are down versus 2007 due to lower investment income from real estate joint venture and less favorable loss experience. Investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships declined $9.2 million after-tax in the first nine months of 2008 compared to the first nine months of 2007. Total net earned premiums decreased for the quarter and nine months, however excluding single premiums from closed blocks of business, net earned premiums increased for the third quarter and for the first nine months of 2008 due to continued strong sales and improved persistency as we focused on our small case strategy. In corporate and other, the operating loss increased through the third quarter primarily due to $4 million of expenses due to a change in certain tax liabilities along with lower investment income. Changes in tax liabilities in this segment can vary substantially from quarter-to-quarter. We incurred $2.1 million of after-tax expenses related to the SEC investigation during the quarter, however we also received a reimbursement of $2.1 million after-tax for certain previous SEC investigation expenses covered by our D&O insurance policies. Net operating losses increased for the nine months as a result of the decline in investment income and increase of in severance and previously disclosed plan expenses and an increase in expenses related to the ongoing SEC investigation. Turning next to our balance sheet, our total assets as of September 30 2008 were $25.4 billion and total shareholders equity excluding accumulated and other comprehensive income or AOCI was $4.2 billion up 4% from year end. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI grew 6% to $35.60. Our debt to capital ratio excluding AOCI was 18.9% versus 19.7% at year end 2007. Our ratio of investment assets excluding cash and equivalents to shareholders equity including AOCI an important measure in the current climate is 3.421. In summary, this was an extremely challenging quarter, while the challenges are not likely to abate quickly they also offer significant opportunities. We will continue to take steps to minimize our risk while maximizing performance as we execute our specialty business strategy, which will deliver strong results for our shareholders over the long-term. Now I would like to turn things back to Rob to open the floor for questions.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mike. Operator we're ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line Jukka Lipponen.
Jukka Lipponen - KBW: Good morning.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jukka.
Jukka Lipponen - KBW: A couple of questions, I am sorry if I missed that I have to step out the call for a second but in solutions, the expenses in your developing countries so can you review how high were you running and how much high in sort of the normal run rate?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Yes, they were 13 million... $13.1 million Jukka and I talked in my comments about system expenses and we're adding staff in those countries and in marketing and in particular the expenses in China increased during the quarter because we're gaining some traction there I'll maybe let Craig add some fundamentals over there.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Jukka that compares a year ago third quarter to $7.4 million, I believe $10.1 million last quarter, and I talked about in the past one of our challenges as we expand in new countries its really the timing of our expense and our stands are really gear up for business versus that business coming on and that's what you're seeing now. So a lot of this is revolver a good news, where we see opportunity in some of these developing countries and are adding staff more quickly now and as Mike said spending money to get system work finalize. And then the final piece of it is the incremental spend in China and again that's all around the fact that we can gear up in the service contract business faster with re-insurance license which will still take some time. So we're really gearing up here for the services business in China.
Jukka Lipponen - KBW: And Gene the loss ratio Specialty Property after-tax moved up a few points sequentially, can you give us some color on what was going on there?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Specialty Property: Sure Jukka. In addition to the reportable cats this was a pretty active season in general. So, I'll remind you that we also had some smaller storms like Dolly, and say and actually some other isolate Ike [ph] or so related activities that could probable non-cat reportable cat loss ratio of business well.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: And the other thing to just mentioned is that... new more... or denominator excuse me, you got it has been brought down because of the reinsurance re-instatement premiums we paid.
Jukka Lipponen - KBW: And lastly what's the current excess capital position and can you give us an update on you had previously talked about A.M. Best reducing the capital charge for growth but you're going to look at that sort of once we get a better handle on the cats?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I covered a bit of this in mine Jukka, but in absence what we said as we anticipate will end the year with slightly over $200 million in excess capital. I believe that in those numbers we reflected activity that's taken place on the acquisitions today and we've also tried to reflect issues around dividend capacity related to the realized capital losses actually through last Friday. Chris you want to expand on that little bit?
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management: Well, yeah Jukka the... as you can imagine not only was the third quarter the worst quarter for the bond market in 20 something years but its become its no less challenging sense than and what we're attempting to do here is make sure that we reflect that in the dividend capacity some of the entities. We're saying that your comments about property based on a conversations with A.M. Best and discussion of how to appropriately measure growth on the property side, we estimated that we'll be able to if tax reps roughly 50% of the after-tax profit in that entity on a regular basis. Now having said that, as you can imagine the, with the difficulties in the investment environment all of the rating agencies are reviewing the capital charges associated with the investment side and its possible but we don't know at this point but it's entirely possible that we'll see some changes in that going forward. As you know A.M. Best who we capitalize are adjust fair models on an annual basis and we would expect some time either late this year or early in '09 that we'll some changes, which will adjust to as well.
Jukka Lipponen - KBW: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Walsh with Citigroup.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Good morning, everybody how are you?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: I am just a little unclear to follow up on Jukka's questions. So when you guys mentioned that 200 million of excess capital is that including the roughly half of earnings from Specialty Property that we were... I think to be dividend is that?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Let me walk you through Keith from the beginning of the a year maybe this will help. We started the year with 250, we said from the other businesses after all the expenses we've given a range of 170 to 230 so let's just choose 200 there. For illustration we view as 200 out of property, so that puts aside 650, okay. We made a couple of acquisitions that we've talked about that represent 250 and 25. We've done some share repurchase that give us someone the neighborhood I believe of 315 alright. We're now saying 200 because we've looked at all the capital market activity through last Friday and have adjusted the number down.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Okay. So that's including losses as of...
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Last Friday.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Last Friday, okay. And then so I guess the capital position to be fair going forward that 200 could potentially shrink if we continue so what we've been seeing through the end of the fourth quarter?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Or it could go up if you see recovery in credit markets.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Okay. And then just maybe a broader question with your stock of 20% right now and trading at 75% of book which I think is below its multiple it's ever been at since you've been public company, maybe thinking about what's the philosophy buying back stock versus acquisitions going forward, number one. And number two, in what kind of scenario could you picture you guys not earning a 15% ROE on the mix up of businesses that you have. Thanks?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Okay. And well in terms of share buyback we like having share buyback in the tool kit, we did buyback during the quarter under a private transaction and we want to be in a position to buyback shares when we think it's appropriate. Our capital priority on the other hand as we've outlined our first to build the businesses and we have executed on that was a couple of acquisitions this quarter and we're mindful that they're going to be more opportunities available to us given just a disruption in the markets. I think your last question related to the 15% I think that if we look at a year-to-date ROE number, I think we're still above that threshold Keith including the hurricane activity that's stay in place in the quarter.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: I guess Rob just a follow up on the acquisition, it just, I don't understand why you would even consider doing deals right now over share repurchase, with your stock where it is, if you could just address what the, maybe get into a little more color what the incremental return on a dollar of cash buying stock versus doing the deal right now?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's in at some point Keith, I think we've been focused and we'll go back and I'll have Chris comment on that because we do have a way of looking at these things. I guess that our capital priority order has been focused on building the value with the enterprise. You point out correctly at these levels that the stock is very, very attractively priced and we'll certainly take a look at all that. Chris?
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management: Yeah, I guess the right way I kind of think about in broad terms as we just think of our stock has potentially as currency and the ability to buy a company and at lower exchange rate if you will, priced to book relative that where our stock is trading. It's been a factor into our distribution as to whether to implement go with the current priorities which is to do acquisitions ahead of share buyback but its that changes we'll adjust our capital strategy accordingly.
Unidentified Company Representative: And we... just maybe if I can amplify, when we look at any acquisition activity we look at cash returns first Keith and try to make sure we're doing good deals there and we would certainly compare returns on both the cash and a GAAP basis to the economics of repurchasing shares when we do that.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Anything relative to persistency in the Specialty Property business, already some drilling off faster recently and maybe just a part of that is the banks so although it was bit picked up, the piece in terms of their sales and properties that they're stuck with?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, let me make and just couple of high level comments and then I'll turn it over to Gene, but one of the same as I start with is the way our model operates first is we're placing a policy today on something that may have become effective a month or two prior. So our business model is a bit of lagging indicator in terms of how things work Mark and we kind of identified different groups of people who get the policy. Some of them when notified work hard and work hard as quickly as possible, others stand a policy for longer periods of time. So, all that can factor into the mix some. Gene, you want to amplify further?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Specialty Property: Just for a little color around that Mark. The average duration of our expired policies is continuing to increase, so we're continuing to see an average duration increase. As well as on our in force of the life to date is continuing to increase. In terms of banks and REO, it's being treated differently on a case-by-case basis. We did see some slowdown in some of the foreclosure activity, some of that maybe temporary I think a number of states in-acted 30 day waiting period. So we are seeing some yet more aggressive and doing some more sales through auction, but others are actually starting to run out some of their REO property. So it is across the board and it remains to be same just exactly what's going to happen going forward.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Securities: Hey good morning everybody. Remember me if I can, following up on just quickly the foreclosure slowdown if you will is that necessarily a... I don't want to see good things because you don't want to profit from people's misery but is this necessarily good thing or bad thing it would seem to me that once in foreclosure you have a better chance of losing that loan than it just remains out I mean delinquent maybe you can talk to that?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, we can the thing is a really monitor all of this closely, its certainly difficult to predict exactly what is going on we... in terms of these conflicting affects that are going on by a number of a macro economic factors as well as some of the initiatives that are being put in place today by some of the governmental entities. We are trying to just say focused on our clients; we believe we're well positioned with our industry leading and our industry leadership. So we're working with them, we're working with our housing policy counsel, Fannie and Freddie and really trying to support them through these troubled times. We think that, that's ultimately just going to improve our relationships with them and continue to set us up for the future.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Securities: Okay. As following up on the Fannie and Freddie comment, there has been some discussion that maybe the government winds up owning, return of homes, return of homes more than they already own. And what the government does vis-à-vis issuing those homes. Have you for... is that an accurate statement have, thought about it, have you been in contacts with anybody?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, again we're continuing to monitor all of this closely particularly into if you just look at some of the recent actions with the talk programming and for example they've seen the change what they plan to do everyday. We're working daily with Fannie and Freddie on a lot of their insurance requirements. So we are trying to stay close to it. There is a number of questions that our potentially concerning out there in terms of determining what may happen, whether they're buying mortgage backed securities, whether they're buying home loans; all of those things create different situations. Again offsetting factors are going to be things like rises in unemployment that are going to put way more pressure on a lot of the foreclosure activity and things of that sort. So again, it's very difficult to estimate what is going to happen. We're focusing on the things that we can do which is again focusing on the clients, focusing on our risk management and just trying to improve our relationship with the leaders in the industry.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Securities: Okay. One more and I'll just get back in line. Gene maybe you can talk to the... you talk to the sequential decline in gross premium earned. But how about in homeowners to creditor-placed and voluntary the sequential decline obviously I understand that the number of loans has decreased slightly 200,000 but you said placement rates were I was just thinking about you would think that maybe the placement rates could offset a... what is on 29 million of loans actually a very, very small percentage?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Specialty Property: Yes, as I commented, I think what's important and what we continue to look at is really the growth drivers. So you look to the insured values it's continuing to grow I'll view at a slower pace as we kind discussed we expect it. When you look the penetration rates, we are still seeing increases in the penetration rates. And again its slowing a bit, if you look to some, but what we tend as Rob mentioned to be a bit of a lagging indicator. So some of the subprime delinquency rates took a little bit of a dip there in the second quarter. We've seen some things recently that show that maybe they're creeping backup again. So I think we're lagging behind some of those indicators as we look forward again difficult to judge where the thing is going but we see growth in our main primary growth driver.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Securities: Okay. Here is one organic. Placement rates up, loans being tracked down from the second quarter just 1% and yet premium and your insured value is up over the second quarter, your gross premium written are down something like 8% sequentially, I just don't get how 1% tracks to 8%?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Specialty Property: Okay, Steven now I guess we're going, I apologise. Yeah let me comment on that a little bit, because it is difficult when you're looking at consecutive quarter-over-quarter both and particularly on gross written but also on gross earned or net earned. As we add say for example new portfolios into our tracking, those are going to be going through tracking processes and quite frankly, there are new written premium gets delayed, because its maybe a 60 day cycle and then we're placing policies after that period. There's been a lot of turnover in the portfolio as we mentioned. So, when loans are lost for example and whether it's we talked about the 130,000 on the prime side. As an example, the way those are being treated, they are actually their policies are going to remain enforce and they are going to run off over time. The 60,000 subprime loans that we mentioned, they were actually cancelled and so we got a large effect to the gross written premium, related to those loans. And those are completely off our books as of the third quarter. So you just see what the differences of loans coming in and the timing of different placements, you'll get a live variability on those indicators and that's why we've tried to focus particularly on the growth drivers.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Securities: Okay. Does that have a because you did point on sales [ph] but you did point gross premium earned. Does that have even a bigger effect on gross premium earned on the gross premium written?
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me try a one different way to just add to Gene's. We... when we into RFP process, we are very good at wining and keeping clients. In this environment there are portfolios that are moving around for different reasons, often the financial condition at the mortgage processor or service. We lost some clients, I think we've point them out in the first quarter of the year Steven okay. And as Gene pointed out some of them the premium went right away, others we continue to earn premium overtime. So, some of the loans that we lost earlier in the year have continue to earn premium, in the first quarter, second quarter, third quarter that at lower and lower levels and also that they're going to be all gone.
Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Securities: Alright. Okay. I'll back inline to ask some more. Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Beth Malone with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Beth.
Elizabeth Malone - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just a couple of questions. On the share repurchase program you said you bought some back. Does it mean that the SEC your lawyers concerns about share repurchase are no longer a factor?
Unidentified Company Representative: No we actually bought those drop in a private transaction. So we're conservative and we determine that we're going to buyback share... things are under away but we'll view that policy and will buyback when we think it's appropriate.
Elizabeth Malone - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then on solutions business obviously economic pressures both Europe and domestically you're having an impact. How is that changing the strategy of your expansion, are you accelerating the expansion to trying capture new business from new product lines or something to offset the slowing of demand for the Warranty based product?
Unidentified Company Representative: Craig, you want to talk a little bit about that and maybe go back to when we have the workshop and some of your growth driver areas?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Sure. That... internationally I think to answer your question we are pushing very hard and you're exactly right, I mean the vision of our international expansion really is all around getting scale in several regions around the world. They hopefully insulate more in the future for these down turns in any given region. And so we're pushing hard as I mentioned earlier its why the timing of some of these adjustments are where they are, I mean we want to make sure profitability staffed, we've got the systems there and we're obviously incrementally spending there and starting to gear up for the services. So you are exactly right, we're going to push that very hard. We see an opportunity here at the time we would maximize our opportunities in these marketplaces. It's a lot of disruption in markets we serve and a lot of people and as well as our competitors are kind of getting back to core things and not so much in our space, so we really want to maximize the opportunity. With that said, still seeing opportunities domestically and really it's what drove our two acquisitions that Rob and Mike spoke about earlier both the GE and the Signal. That we just think position us much better domestically particularly in the wireless space which is really dominated by one competitor, we think to Signal acquisition gives us real unique positioning now to take advantage of that and again really maximize the opportunities in these uncertain times.
Elizabeth Malone - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then on the Specialty Property I know you all have a pretty significant market share there and I understand there is a lot of movement in the market as you've described, but shouldn't we anticipate I mean isn't the whole idea that as the economy and mortgage problems continue that we should anticipate that your business should grow or this does indicate that we staying the peaking of deterioration in the mortgage market for you and that maybe growth will moderate going forward?
Unidentified Company Representative: Gene?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Specialty Property: Yes, its... I'm trying to address that by basically looking at I think our primary growth driver, so we do tend to be a lagging indicator. We are continuing to see growth, it has moderated a bit but it remains to be seen, there's some balances going on here, there are certainly some macro economic factors that are driving a lot of this economy and are expected to continue and then there is some offsetting factors that people trying to do some things, whether it be the treasury or the FDIC so it's very difficult to predict at this point in time. We're monitoring closely and again trying to focus on the things that we can do and just making sure that we're aligning ourselves with the right players, we're continuing to invest in our model and creating things that are benefiting our customers and trying to help them through this troubled time.
Elizabeth Malone - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Hall with Wachovia.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning John.
John Hall - Wachovia: Good morning Rob. I was just wondering, first this is a small geography question, the re-instatement premium, where does that show up in the Specialty Property business?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Gene.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Specialty Property: Yeah, the re-instatement premiums, so there is an offset in the net earned premium.
John Hall - Wachovia: Great, that's what I thought. Okay I just want to talk a little bit about the investment portfolio in bond losses that we saw coming. Was there any concentration among the losses via I guess statutory entity?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Look, sure. And I'll turned that over to Chris but, again I think hopefully you'll see what our mix of credits are, we tried to outline that as we gave the industry breakdown so that will give you a geography there and compared against just issuers in general then as we've mentioned previously each of our different businesses have separate asset liability, benchmark durations etcetera. and we manage around that and Chris maybe you could provide a little bit more color?
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management: Yeah, hi John let me, maybe I'll just give you some break downs in terms of and unfortunately I don't have the specific stat at any breakdown but I'll just give you some sense of that 200 and almost 300 million total loss number for the quarter. 229 million were in write down, and 130 of that were in the names that we disclosed in our release back in mid September and another 115 of that the remaining portion of that was in terms of bank and finance sector. And these are situations where we felt that the prices and the yields and that we're being quarter on this bonds were indicative of fundamental deterioration of credit quality and we decided to realize the losses in the form of impairment or in sale. The concentration that you're talking about with respect to various stat and a lot of that is a function and goes back to the AOCI component, the unrealized loss component where we're seeing significant increases and risk premiums in the longer duration entities you're going to see a bigger change in AOCI's result of that. The problem here is and our biggest challenge right now is we're trying to distinguish between what portion of that increase in risk premium is due to deteriorating credit fundamental and how much of it is, is the function of de-leveraging lack of transparency and alike. Fortunately we have the ability to make that assessment, we're not forced to sell into it because of our business mixed. We can take a step back and say well this particular issue and again you'll see the list of our top 30 issuers. Although they is an unrealized there, some of which maybe concentrated in some longer duration portfolio. We feel as though we have the flexibility to do not sell into that and allow us to get through this based upon the long term fundamentals of the credit market.
John Hall - Wachovia: Great. And I appreciate your additional disclosure that you offer on the investment portfolio and looking at it seems that maybe in an overall context the exposure of financials is within the range of asset allocation models, but looking at that list of top 30 holdings, there seems to be a very clear over concentration in terms of sizing with financials, I am just wondering what the thought process around that is?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well we have detailed investment policy that really it outlines how we think about, how much we'll invest in anyone issuer, okay. So it starts with a policy that's based on that, I think if you look at the relative amount that issued within the financial sector they have tended to be big issuers of corporate debt. What I look at and some comfort on is a number of those names have recently gotten capital infusion vendor the type [ph] program that obviously have improved their position from where they were from a capital standpoint in September. Chris, you want to comment any further?
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management: Yeah, maybe just some general comments, we have issuer limits that are applied at the total portfolio level AAA rating is 1.5% single [ph] 1% BBB three quarters of a percent and so on, so what you're seeing here when you think about in the context of a $12 billion or $15 billion portfolio are relatively small exposures on an individual issuer basis. The issue of where the concentration is on unrealized losses again goes back to the issue related to our asset liability management where we will match up the duration of various with the durations of our liability, so I think in context I think that what you're seeing here may feel like unnecessarily high concentration, but on a broader scheme of things factoring in the total size of portfolio you'll see that within our issuer guideline.
John Hall - Wachovia: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Nadel with Sterne, Agee.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning John.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Hey good morning Rob, how are you doing?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Fit.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: And so a couple of quick ones and then maybe one little bit more involved. The international expenses for new developments is about $13 million that expected to continue? At that level?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: In the near term I'd say absolutely, what we should see going along with that John I mean I'll let have Craig comment is, obviously we're expecting revenues to start coming forth, because that's why we're doing the spend.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: That's exactly right John and a lot of this is people related to those who stay well, I mean at any given quarter we can have some one time expenses build out of our offices, some of the system expenses that sort of thing, but some of the people related loan which really is the key to model of course, those would stay with us and I think again Rob said I mean the whole goal here actually gear up now, I mean the goal would be you'll see the percent of the gross premium start to go down. So we will as we add top line internationally.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: And I'd also add that Craig has metrics around each of these countries that we looked at monitor on a regular basis to make sure we're making progress along the lines that he is comfortable with.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Just what I thought I mean just again the volatility in some of these markets is challenging but again we see there is an opportunity really to maximize some things that we've been working on and really push even harder, so that's what our international team is doing right now.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. Second question is in the health division is the higher expense ratio entirely related to higher commissions due to higher sales?
Donald Hamm - Executive Vice President; President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Health: John, this is Don Hamm.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Hi, Don.
Donald Hamm - Executive Vice President; President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Health: Its partly but primarily its due to little or more technology spend in the third quarter according [ph] interruption of our new product portfolio, to look at the year-to-date numbers they're exactly to same for 2008 and 2007.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. And on consolidated basis do you guys have estimate for your statutory capital?
Unidentified Company Representative: I just don't have it.
Unidentified Company Representative: That's of 930 [ph]. I just don't have it with me John, what those terms are.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. And then the last one is just sort of go back and maybe be little bit of a dead horse on the property side. Its my sense that, while we've been worried about capital and balance sheet investment portfolios for everybody, and its not to say that we shouldn't be focused here as well but I think the stock is trading today more as a result of a surprise slowdown in the growth rate on both net earned and the gross written and premium line in Specialty Property, right? And so I guess I am struggling with the idea of a loss of a couple of customers here in a 130,000 loans and 60,000 subprime I mean if I think about the placement rates and the average premium of 1,800 bucks that doesn't seem to explain to me that the slowdown here and I guess I am sort of surprise that we saw the slowdown as much as we did in a single three months period especially since delinquencies and foreclosure rates really have done nothing but continue to go higher. So I don't know exactly how you can explain it? But I'm struggling to get there with you guys on this, especially on the gross written premium line?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Gene will you have on that?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Specialty Property: Okay. We try to focus on the growth drivers when you look, it is very difficult to look at consecutive order quarter-over-quarter when you're looking at the gross written premium because of the wide fluctuations. And subprime loans in particular that are producing lots of premium volume can have some big swings. And so we did been that impact occurring.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Can you give us Gene can you give us a sense I mean if you have the data. What proportion of this swing was that I mean it was a third of it was it half of it?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Specialty Property: Again looking at the swing and decline in the gross written premium?
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Yeah I am thinking more sequentially and I am some thinking about, I am looking at the creditor-placed in voluntary homeowners, gross written premium and the growth rate year-over-year in the second quarter was 39% and in the third quarter I guess 17%? If I am I think I'm looking at the right numbers.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: And so if we think about as fair stepping down like that from near 40 to mid teens. I mean that's a dramatic change in a three month period of time obviously, and just sort of trying to understand if you're sort of focused a little bit on some swings in subprime how much of that could that be? And is that and I guess along the same lines is, is that something that can come back real quick. I mean if its swing in one way, is it just as possible that it could swing the other?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. [Multiple Speakers]
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Such a surprising change a three months been and I think it is the reason why people are selling your stock today?
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me speak a little bit to it, first of all again. Looking at it over a period of time, so focusing on last quarter there were actually some activities in that quarter that probably bumped up that a bit. And that's negative activities occurring in this quarter that brought it down in that. So, particularly gross written premium is one that you're going to get some varying factors again the... again because based on the timing of kind of adding new portfolios there and any delay that might occur as a result of that, and with some loss account how quickly some of that can occur. Gross written... the net earned premium is a little bit of a more stable and better factor, one of the biggest contributors to some of the decline in that earned premium I'll just of remind you, have to do with the reinsurance cost, so
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Yeah, no I think that makes perfect sense to me if we adjust for that, we've got a pretty stable growth rate on the income statement line item.
Unidentified Company Representative: Right.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: And I am thinking more about what the future pertains from the gross written premium?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. So would I I think Gene is, if you say on gross written. I think that because of how our model works okay. The second quarter had some written premiums, some gross written premium in it that may have belonged in the first quarter, so sequentially yeah because we didn't get any time to know about where it may have been so,
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: If you think about first quarter was understated a model little because how the model works, second quarter then got overstated and on a client it is then at run rate John.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Those kind of things can contribute.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: We talked about the 130,000 in the quarter, but remember we mentioned a big block alone that was lost earlier in the year-end consolidation. Okay?
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Those things have impact where... depending on the particulars of how the client was taken over, we may continue to get some written and for certainly we continue to get some earned on those but at a declining rate. So those things are all contributing to a little bit of the noise and that's why we've tried to focus on the growth drivers.
John Nadel - Sterne Agee: Okay. Alright, thanks. I'll follow up with you guys later. Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Johnson with Citadel.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Dan.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Good morning and most of mine have been addressed for now, but the replacement rates have been static if we say the ranges have been static year-to-date. Can you talk specifically in the prime category and talk a little bit about what you're seeing sequentially within that 1 to 2% range as well?
Unidentified Company Representative: Again, consistent with some of the increases in the delinquencies and the foreclosures on the prime side, we continue to see be at a smaller rates we're seeing continued increases in the penetration on the prime side. As we have pointed out in prior quarters, we're typically not riding real estate owned properties related to those prime loans, so we do see a slower growth associated with us.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: And to take your words from earlier you said you see growth in your growth drivers average premium placement rates and not really monitored units at the moment, but if we have growth in your growth drivers, is there a scenario was that there is turn out to be growth in premium?
Unidentified Company Representative: Typically not, other than for some of the new launches that we've been trying to explain for on the rest of this call.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: All right. But those you want to send more like sort of quarterly comparison issues but just you about not necessarily next quarter, but anywhere, that we call the reasonable in near term future. If you have growth in average premium, if you growth in placement rate and growth in TIVs? And you do anything but have growth in premium?
Unidentified Company Representative: That is what we would expect, yeah.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Klauber with Fox-Pitt.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Adam.
Adam Klauber - Fox Pitt Kelton: Thank you. I want to focus on that the capital again.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure.
Adam Klauber - Fox Pitt Kelton: The 3 million you mentioned is that over rating agency standards?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, because that's what we capitalized to that I mean we capitalized to the peak [ph] higher ratios.
Adam Klauber - Fox Pitt Kelton: Okay. And when was that seems like the rating agencies are getting more stringent on excess capital requirements have they talked to you about that or because of your businesses are somewhat different and some of the other insurers as I said you're okay or were not going to be stringent on you?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah let me make a comment then I'll turn over to Chris but remember that has a regular process where they adjust our capital form realize on an annual basis and we have regular dialog with them and as we pointed out in Gene's business and particular this year we got them to recognize our model was different and as a result make an adjustment to how their normal factor worked. Chris do you want to just talk about recent conversations or anything that would add anymore color here.
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management: We have a regular dialogue with all the rating agencies, A.M. Best in particular because that's we capitalized to. And its entirely possible as far as they review process in '09 that they're going to make some adjustments to the asset charges associated with the various companies that they monitor for us. Having said that we don't have a lot of asset and tends that this is a diversify business mixed as such that we do have some for example our Preneed block is a very asset tested Fortis [ph] the totaled asset to capital on the aggregate is less than force. So its going to vary by stock entity and we're going to recapitalize to certain credit ratings based upon the be card [ph] and we'll make adjustments as we believe. We not had any indication from Best recently that there is something coming out immediately, but that could change and well again react from a capital perspective to whatever they, whatever they come out with?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: What I to anticipate on that, okay, you can breakdown and if they decide to make for instance asset class adjustments, I think they're probably going to go after the classes that have caused the most problems. And again we're not in a lot of asset classes.
Adam Klauber - Fox Pitt Kelton: Okay, thank you. One follow-up.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Adam Klauber - Fox Pitt Kelton: On the solutions business given obviously tough economic environment you're still expanding it internationally, is that too optimistic to think that you would have material margin expansion next year in that business?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Craig you want to comment on that?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yes I can't you specific guidance on that but what I can tell you that we're very comfortable with the progress that we're making in internationally. Again Europe has been respectively see sort of unprecedented volatility in Europe and much like here, Latin America, South America has not been as much affected so we're pushing very hard there. So again I think our team is very energized around these opportunities in these uncertain times. And again want to maximize these opportunities rather is uncertainty its some of these marketplaces. Again a better piece that we're getting traction as I talked about global client management process where we have pretty intensive collaborative planning process that we're doing with both retailers and now some credit card companies that have a similar global footprint as ours and we're getting traction around there, so we're pushing very hard to drive, this combines down internationally. And then of course on the domestic front the GE transaction we think it's just been outstanding investment and really positioned us domestically much better, but we also have an impact as go forward in driving down our loss ratio in our domestic combines, still very committed to the high 90 long term domestic combines as well as the mid 90s in the international piece.
Adam Klauber - Fox Pitt Kelton: Okay. So its sounds like its still focused on that and we might see some progress next year is that correct? On the margin.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: That's correct, again that's absolutely what we're pushing at again keeping in mind this is still particularly international long term investment, but absolutely our driving towards progress in the coming quarters.
Adam Klauber - Fox Pitt Kelton: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our last question comes from Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Vinay.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Hi good morning. The loss of loans would that include the Merrill Lynch or the... then it is sold to Bank of America?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we disclosed particular client related activities and I'd not even show that well we know what the contract terms are there maybe Gene?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Specialty Property: Well, I have received this question before so let me just address that, and we do service Merrill Lynch loans but we don't service all of their loan models that are processed by Merrill Lynch. And we do have those under continuing contracts through the end of '09 and the numbers do not include any of those. Again there is going to be changes, we can win some and we can loose some, but we still believe again that alignment with industry leaders this is what really positions us well. And the other thing I mean I still feel really good about our business model, and its very good business model and it'll continue to be good business model. I think a lot of the investments that we continue to make are paying off. We're pleased with things like our other premium. Its still small but we're incubating some smaller businesses and we've seen some terrific growth out of them. We still like the auto collateral protection market, it's a specialty insurance market where there are few competitors and we think it's a very strong adjacency for us. We continue to receive interest in from prospects in that area as well. And we believe it's a compelling business model for the vendors that are out there. Again we think that models going to take sometime but we still think like we're very well positioned in that model.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: And when did premiums from go forward [ph] property start to roll out, do you think that it's a peak to the regulators and as to put out the capital again in the business, because of that?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: I think we will be very aggressive at making sure that we right size our capital despite I mean in conjunction with whatever our growth goals. Again focusing on making sure that we're making returns.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: That's good. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: In closing... I am sorry.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll just point out, first I want to appreciate everyone for being with us today and just point out that in changing market conditions that's often painful but it creates opportunities. And we're going to continue to take actions to minimize the downside impact of the changing markets with an eye towards maximizing opportunities that may develop to better position the company moving forward. And we'll keep continue to update you on our progress and look forward to doing that next quarter.
Operator: This does conclude Assurant's Third Quarter Conference Call. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant Second Quarter 2008 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett: Thanks, Jill. Welcome to Assurant's 2008 second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, President and CEO of Assurant; Mike Peninger, our Interim CFO; and Don Hamm, President and CEO of Assurant Health. I'm also pleased to be joined by the other members of our senior leadership team; Gene Mergelmeyer, President and CEO of Assurant Specialty Property; Craig Lemasters, President and CEO of Assurant Solutions; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Prepared remarks will last approximately 25 minutes after which time we will open the call to your questions. This morning we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2008 financial results. The press release as well as corresponding supplementary financial information may be found or our website at assurant.com. We also issued a press release this morning announcing our intention to acquire Signal Holdings. Some of the statements we make during this call may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results might materially differ from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We caution you about relying on these forward-looking statements and direct you consider the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our 2000 Form 10-K and subsequently filed 10-Qs and 8-Ks, which can be accessed from our website. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additionally this presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to this morning's earnings press release and the supplementary financial information posted on our website. Now, I'd like to turn the things over to Rob.
Robert B. Pollock: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to share with you Assurant's financial results for the second quarter. Despite a slowing economic in uncertain capital markets, Assurant had a solid quarter and strong first half of 2008. Our strategic long-term focus on our specialty business model allowed us to deliver double digit growth in net operating income and an annualized operating return on equity well in excess of 15% for both the quarter and year-to-date. In addition, since June 30th of 2007, we have grown our diluted book value per share by 15.3%, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income and 13.9% when AOCI is included. While we are not immune to the volatility in the capital markets and have had some impairments in our investment portfolio, we have maintained our conservative and disciplined investment philosophy. Our business continues to deliver healthy cash flows, our capital position remains strong, and we raised our dividend in May. We continue to look for opportunities to further improve our capital position. Last year, we expected free cash flow at the holding company in the range of 170 to $230 million. This amount is after funding needed to support business growth, dividends to shareholder, interest on our debt and corporate expenses. I'm pleased to report this amount may increase in 2008 as a result of discussion with A.M. Best. The capital charge related to business growth will be modified for our specialty property business. This will increase the cash available from that business. The actual amount will depend on our 2008 results in specialty property, which will be much clearer after the hurricane season. We will provide an update on our next call. We are very pleased this morning to announce our intention to purchase Signal Holdings. Signal Holdings is a strategic acquisition that comes right out of our capital management play book. It builds an existing business that we have targeted for future growth. Signal Holdings will provide solutions with the deeper integration of the value chain in the wireless market for extended service contracts. Our strong balance sheet and operating cash flows provide us the flexibility to make this acquisition without accessing the capital markets. Moving to solutions, net operating income and net earned premiums were up for the quarter and the first six months as we faced the challenging economy head on. Growth in income was primarily driven by results from domestic service contracts offset by results as we work to build our international operations. Our targeted areas of preneed and international were the primary drivers of the net earned premium growth. Although we grew net operating income and solutions, we did experience additional losses in a Brazilian credit life program. While this product is unique to Brazil, we are carefully reviewing experience with it in an effort to help us improve the risk management tools we use to monitor all of our businesses. To tamper the impact of an economic slow down in service contract sales, we continue to focus on our key growth drivers, which include adding products with existing clients, expanding our distribution channels like wireless, adding new clients, and developing new products. And as with all of our businesses, our products provide peace of minds for our customers during good times and bad. While the economy is challenging, specialty property is performing well and are firming the strength of our diversified strategy. Specialty property again delivered strong profitability and revenue growth during the quarter. We support government efforts to ultimately improve the mortgage market and initiatives such as HOPE NOW, which provides financial counseling to homeowners in need. Finally, we anticipate continued consolidation in the mortgage market. And we believe we are well positioned by our alignment with market. Don Hamm is here today to discuss our results in Health and update you on what we are doing to deliver long-term profitable growth in the individual medical market. Assurant's employee benefit continues to focus on delivering value in the small employer benefits market. While second quarter net operating income is down, overall loss experience continues to be favorable. Net earned premiums for the second quarter are up slightly compared to 2007. We believe our transitional way from the larger case market is largely completed. So in summary, despite the slowing economy, our results continue to demonstrate the enduring quality of our diversified specialty insurance strategy. Our financial foundation is strong and our capital position provides the flexibility to capitalize on emerging opportunities. Before Mike reviews the business results for the quarter, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Hamm to discuss Health. Don?
Don Hamm: Thanks Rob and good morning everybody. Assurant Health's results this quarter reflect the continuing the challenges of the competitive marketplace. Non-operating income for the second quarter was $27.7 million, down 18% from a year ago, and $65 million for the first six months, down 30% from the first six months of 2007. Combined ratios increased the 130 basis points in the quarter and 60 basis points for the six-month period due to higher loss ratios and lower expense ratios. The loss ratio pattern on the first quarter to the second quarter reflects very favorable development on year-end reserves and somewhat less favorable development on claims incurred in the first quarter. Overall, we believe that the loss ratios for the first six months to 2008 is consistent with our pricing target. We have maintained a consistent reserving methodology throughout this period. We previously discussed our expectations that the combined ratio would gradually increase. Our desire is to stimulate revenue growth in individual market through pricing actions, which would gradually lower the ROE. The increase in the combined ratio in 2008 is consistent with this expectation. However, we have not yet seen the increase in sales. We will continue to closely monitor our emerging experience. Net earned premiums were $487.87 million in the quarter, a $983.8 million for the first half of 2008, down 5 and 4% respectively. During the first half of 2008, continued decline in small roof premiums was accompanied by relatively flat individual medical premiums. Intense competition has adversely impacted our revenue growth. However, we are taking steps to respond to this challenging marketplace. We continue to develop innovative products and services to better meet the needs of individual medical customers. We introduced several new innovative product features in July. These features included patient care. A new independent advocate help customers better evaluate their healthcare choices and costs. Another new program one decreasing deductible, provides deductible credits to our customers and rewards royalty. And lastly [indiscernible] enables our customers to confer to Board-certified physician over the telephone. These features are aligned with an emerging trend in the marketplace. Individuals want to more actively manage their own healthcare decisions. Broad distribution is one of our core strengths and is a competitive advantage. Our direct sale center is gaining traction and direct sales are increasing; in addition, building up on our strength with independent agents. We recently implemented a new lead enhancement generation program. This program provides high quality leads and a sales management process to targeted agents. One of our key distribution channel is our exclusive long-term alliance with State Pharma [ph]. We currently are in negotiations to extend our eight year partnership. Overall, Assurant Health remains focused on long-term profitable revenue growth and the individual medical market. We will continue to bring innovative flexible solutions to growing individual medical marketplace. And we believe Assurant Health has the necessarily capabilities in risk management, distribution, and administration to success over the long-term. Now, I'd like to the turn the call over to Mike Peninger.
Michael J. Peninger: Thanks, Don. In the face of the challenging market, Assurant Health is taking the necessary steps to maintain its position as a leader in the individual health marketplace. Now let's review our consolidated results and the results from each of our other specialty businesses. Assurant's net operating income during the second quarter of 2008 was up 10% in the second quarter of 2007 from $185.8 million and 13% per share in a full diluted basis to $1.55 led by the strong performance of specialty properties. Net earned premiums increased 11% for the quarter compared to the second quarter of 2007 to $2 billion driven largely by growth in key targeted areas of creditor-placed home owners extended service contracts and premium. Our net investment income increased 6% from the year-ago quarter $201.2 million. For the first half of the year, investment income was down 2% to $399 comparable period last year, because we had 33.1 million less investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships. And excluding income from these real estate partnerships, investment income for the first half of 2008 is 7% higher than the first half of 2007. Net investment income increased 14% in second quarter of 2008 versus the year-ago quarter to $190 million or $1.59 per diluted share. For the first half of 2008, net income increased 9% in the comparable period last year to $376.8 million or $3.16 per diluted share. Net income for the quarter in half year benefited from $26.6 million of after tax income related to the gain on the sale of an inactive subsidiary. We realized $22.4 million of net after tax losses on investments during the quarter including $17.9 million due to other than temporary impairments in our investment portfolio. Our impairment process is detailed in our 10-K disclosure. In making our impairment decision, we implied consistent methodology that combined the quantitative framework with our best judgment to evaluate the factors contributing to changes in security values overtime. Our impairment process is simplified by the fact that approximately 98% of our available for sale investments are designated level one or level two under FAS 157 and have readily available market values. Assurant Solutions net... second quarter net operating income was $32.4 million, up 7% versus the second quarter of 2007. Net operating income for the firth al of 2008 was up 8% from the fist half of 2007's $79.9 million. The domestic combined ratio improved 140 basis points from the second quarter of 2007 due to improved loss experience in the domestic service contract business and reductions in commission payments to certain clients that we discussed last quarter. Preneed results were also favorable for the quarter after adjusting for a $3.5 million after-tax benefit in the second quarter of 2007 from the sale of our independent U.S. franchise. The international combined ratio increased 170 basis points compared to the second quarter of 2007 to 111.4%. The primary reason for the increase was a $6.9 million after-tax charge due to unfavorable loss experienced in a credit life product unique to Brazil. We identified issues with this product last year and recorded charges of $4.4 million after tax in the second quarter and $2.2 million after tax in the third quarter. During the second quarter of this year, we received the large number of claims from a client that we terminated last year. We have established a reserve for these claims while we conduct a through analysis of their ability. In addition, we adjusted our reserves for the entire product to reflect the impact of this new information. Without the addition of losses in Brazil, the international combined ratio would have been 106% in the quarter. This continues to be above our long-term target. As we previously discussed, we continue to make investments in our six developing countries, and we use established metrics to monitor our progress in each of them. We review results each quarter with country managements that we can reassess and make changes to plans if needed and share what we have learnt among different country managers. Second quarter general expenses for developing countries were $10.9 million compared with $8.0 million in the second quarter of 2007. Due to growing sales expenses in these developing countries decline to 56% of gross written premium in the second quarter versus 66% in the second quarter of 2007. Solutions results for the first half of 2008 were positively affected by the $11.7 million of after tax income from client related recoverables that we mentioned in the first quarter. As previously reported, second quarter 2007 income benefited from $3.5 million after tax and fees related to the sale of our U.S. independent preneed franchise and $4.5 million after tax income from a client commission payable reconciliation project. Solutions net earned premium were up 13% for the quarter and 15% for the first half of 2008 versus the comparable period in 2007. These increases were driven by the continued growth in our domestic and international service contract business growth in preneed and the benefit of foreign exchange. As our international business continues to gain scale, we have introduced additional disclosures and the impact of foreign exchange into our financial supplement. Our domestic gross premiums declined 11% for the both the quarter in six months. This was primarily driven by slowing retail sales and the closing of the comp USA stores in. International growth written premiums however were up 11% in the quarter and 14% for the first half compared with the same periods in 2007 primarily due to the continued strong growth and service contracts and credit insurance. Fee income is also growing up 16% for the quarter and the first half of 2008 versus the comparable periods in 2007, driven by our recent international acquisitions and our domestic and international extended service contract business. Rob mentioned today as announcement of our intended acquisition of Signal Holdings. We have been a partner to Signal since 2001 and are pleased to take our partnership to the next level. We expect the acquisition to be accretive in 2010 and modestly dilutive in the fourth quarter of 2008 and 2009 due to integration costs and the amortization of intangible assets. We will provide additional details of the financial impact of the transaction at the close which we anticipate will occur in the fourth quarter. The Signal acquisition demonstrates our ability to diversify our specialty businesses by deploying our capital in an area we are targeting for growth. Next assurance specialty property delivered record net earned premiums and record profitability during the quarter. Net operating income was up 45% to $131 million for the quarter and 55% to $255.8 million for the first half of 2008 compared to the same periods in 2007. Net earned premium growth, excellent combined ratios and increased investment income all contributed to our results. We historically recorded (ISO) catastrophes greater than $5 million per event and we have had no single weather events that reached that threshold this year. However there was an unusually high frequency of ISO events in the second quarter of 2008 which resulted in $11.5 billion after tax of catastrophe losses in comparison to $3.4 million after tax in the second quarter of 2007. As we enter the most active months of hurricane season we've taken the necessary step to protect the capital base of our company as well as our clients and customers through our 2008 cap reinsurance program. We were able to secure higher levels of coverage, report our significant growth while maintaining strong deductibles comparable to last year and under more favorable pricing. In June we issued a detailed press release on the program that's also available on our website. The loss ratio for the second quarter of 2008 was 32.2% down from 33.2% in the second quarter of 2007. The loss ratio decreased despite our elevated our catastrophe losses due to our good spread of risk and continued excellent non-catastrophe loss experience. The expense ratio continued to improve for the second quarter and year-to-date compared to the same periods in 2007, primarily due to benefit scale. Organic growth in credit replaced business drove a 36% increase in net earned premiums, $533.9 million in the second quarter and 33% to $1 billion for the first half of 2008, versus the comparable periods in 2007. Growth was primarily driven by average insured values in the insurance placement or penetration rates. As replacement costs have continued to increase and our mix of business changes, average insured values have risen to $170,000 in the second quarter of 2008 compared to $144,000 in the second quarter of 2007 and $164,000 in the first quarter of 2008. We continue to see growth in placement rates although there are no changes to the range of placements that we have previously provided, mainly 6% to 15% for subprime accounts and 1% to 2% for our prime accounts. Overall loan counts have remained relatively constant. While the majority of our credit replaced premiums are non real estate owned, real estate owned premiums continued to increase to 22% of credit replaced premiums for the second quarter of 2008. Specialty properties results also reflect a 35% increase in investment income over the second quarter of 2007 to $32 million due to higher invested assets. Moving to a shared employee benefit net operating income decreased 13% during the quarter to $18.6 million and 31% to $35.0 million for the six months as a result of higher loss experience versus the excellent results of the comparable period of last year. First half 2007 results also benefited from $9.2 million of after-tax income from real estate joint ventures; even with the uncertainty in the economy our geographic and industry diversification and focus on the small employer helped disability incidents remain favorable. Net earned premiums during the quarter increased slightly to $273.2 million and were down 3% to $553.7 million for the first six months versus the comparable period last year. Excluding single premiums from closed blocks of six month period for both years, net earned premiums were up $1.9 million versus 2007. Compared to the same period in 2007, sales were down 4% for the quarter and 2% for the year reflecting our pricing discipline. In our corporate and other results, we reported a net operating loss of $18.8 million for the second quarter of 2008 compared to a loss of $2.9 million in the second quarter of 2007. The corporate and other net operating loss for the first six months of 2008 was $24.7 million compared to a loss of $10.5 million for the first half of 2007. The increase in the operating loss for the quarter and six months is primarily the result of increased expenses relating to the ongoing SEC investigation of loss mitigation products, increased compensation expenses, and a decrease in investment income. While we expect the corporate after tax run rate of approximately $50 million annually, the quarterly results can fluctuate. Our balance sheet remains strong. As of June 30th 2008, total assets were $26.2 billion and total shareholders equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income was $4.4 billion, up 9% from year end. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI grew 9% to $36.68. Our debt to capital ratio excluding AOCI improved to 18.3% from 19.7% at year end 2007. Let me finish my comments by providing some information on our investment portfolio as of 6/30/2008 focusing on those asset classes we've all been reading about in the news. Many of these statistics can be found on page 15 of our statistical supplement. First, our total market value exposure to market fact securities, which included 58 million of subprime assets backed securities with 10% of total fixed maturity assets and 7% of total invested assets. Second, our market value exposure to preferred securities, which include 95 million of tax advantage preferred securities issued by either Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac with 5% of total invested assets. Finally our commercial mortgage loans, which had an aggregate loan to value ratio of approximately 40% using property values based largely on second quarter 2008 appraisal, were approximately 10% of total invested assets. So in total, it's impotent to remember that each of these asset classes that are currently getting so much publicity represents only a small portion of our diversified investment portfolio. In summary, Assurant's focus on the disciplined execution of our proven diverse specialty business strategy continues to deliver strong results through shareholders. By leveraging our core capabilities and expertise and specialized markets in which we operate, we continue to make steady progress in our key targeted growth areas. Now I would like to turn things back to rob to open the floor for questions.
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks Mike. Operator, we are ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Jukka Lipponen from KBW.
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning, Jukka.
Jukka Lipponen: Couple of questions: first of all, can you give us a little more color on this Brazil contract again. I don't know if I heard it correctly, but I guess you are setting up reserves, expecting or having these claims come in, but you are not sure yet whether these actually are valid claims?
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure. Craig, you want to comment on that?
S. Craig Lemasters: Yes, absolutely. Let me give a little more detail, Jukka. As Mike mentioned, what specifically happened in the quarter we received a large number of late reported claims from one of the clients that we previously cancelled. And so this quarter we do believe we set up adequate reserves specific to those claims. Additionally we took that new information and set up our strengthened reserves for our future claims on the whole product line. So again we are thoroughly reviewing each of these claims for validity before we pay any of them. In terms of ultimate resolution on this though, what we are doing is actively engage now in settlement discussions with each of the three clients that we are targeting to conclude by year end. And the goal of course this resolution is to finalize all prior and future liability within the amount that we've now reserved. And we'll keep you posted on the progress of that settlement or the settlement conversations. But just a reminder: Rob mentioned it earlier. This is a product that's unique to Brazil, to not repeat in any other country and again remain we're absolutely committed as always to learn from the situation and continue to improve the overall risk management process that we employed. It's also important to know and I want to make sure, I am clear that with the exception of this product in Brazil our operation is progressing nicely its growing, its on plan and it really does remain an important part of our overall targeted international expansion strategy; so again we'll keep you updated on the progress of the settlement discussions.
Jukka Lipponen: And Greg can you give us a little more color in terms of the developing countries, the expense ratio continues to come down, where are we in terms of the profit contribution from those countries and then also what's the status in China?
S. Craig Lemasters: Sure. In terms of developing countries, I mean again it's still a long-tem process, it's a long-term commitment, and we're just at various stages. I think I mentioned on the last call or we mentioned recently that a country like Mexico for example is progressing faster than some of the European countries. So we're just at various stages, but we wanted to introduce last quarter this ratio of gross written premium just to give you... I think it's a more accurate measure versus the pure spend on how we're growing the top line, which obviously is the first priority so these companies can flow down and be contributors. And I would say as of now we're still on plan for these countries, as Mike mentioned we have very specific metrics in place that if we fall behind or don't believe we can achieve the long-term goals, then we would certainly exit a country and re-invest in another country. Again, as I've mentioned the good news is we have a number of new markets, that we haven't gone to yet so we certainly wouldn't delay a decision if a country's is not going to meet the hurdle because there's plenty of places for us to invest. On China, China is on our plan we have opened our services company there which again doesn't require a insurance license so that company is officially up and running. We've found our general manager, and starting to build the team there, we're in the process of putting on three global systems into China and obviously actively pursuing new clients there. Again our approach there is to be very prudent, its great market from opportunity wise but certainly different than some of the other markets we have entered. So we are trying to be very thoughtful and prudent about how we launch clients, the testing processes etc. On the insurance side again we've opened our rep office in China which is really a two year process, at the end of the two years. The rep office being opened then we can make former application for our actual insurance license, so that's still always down the road. But I'm happy with the progress again I think the key is we were able to find just the terrific General Manager, which is where we started in all countries with as a green [ph] feel approach building with great talent.
Jukka Lipponen: Last question on the Signal acquisition there what kind of margin are you expecting on that $150 million of additional revenue?
Unidentified Company Representative: Jukka, I think that it will be consistent with our target in the U.S. for our combined ratio obviously we've got to work through the integration. But we think we'll pick-up some scale here, we have really got to get in and analyze all the details of the integration to get back to you. I think the key take away however is perfect deployment of our capital, exactly what we want to do with it. It's in an area Craig has been looking to, to expand because we've seen growth opportunities and to me it's just again a perfect execution on what we try and do in the M&A area with our excess capital. So we'll get thing integrated, we think it better positions us with a deeper penetration in the value chain and we're very excited about the prospect Signal brings to us. Craig, you want to comment?
S. Craig Lemasters: Yes, just one other comment on this acquisition in the region. Why we're so excited about is we really look at it as combining the best of both worlds. Signal has built a terrific back office operations, repair and logistics business and we just thinking combining that with our sales and marketing expertise and throwing on top of that a very unique product that we think we introduced to this space, a sure connection last year. It's just a great combination and gives us real differentiation in an industry that's growing. I mean the wireless industry is growing not just domestically, but internationally. So this is also a great platform for introducing this product on a robust way globally. Finally, we picked up this terrific people on this acquisition. The Signal has... Tom Cloetingh, the Founder and CEO has just built a terrific team there. I'm happy to tell you that they senior management team has agreed to stay on with us, and is very excited about taking part of the Assurant family.
Jukka Lipponen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Ed Spehar from Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Ed.
Edward Spehar: Good morning, everyone. I had a few questions. First, on specialty property; Mike, I think... if I heard you correctly, I think you said the overall loan count is relatively constant. The placement rates haven't really changed from where we were last quarter. But the insured values are up 18%. I guess the question is where... I guess there have to be a point where the insured value increases start to taper off. And can you give us any sense of where we are in that process?
Michael J. Peninger: I mean, Ed, we have identified a number of growth drivers in the business, and why don't we have Gene comment on those and provide some context for that.
Gene Mergelmeyer: Sure. First of all, let me just step back. In terms of penetration rates, we do continue to see those increasing at somewhat relative rates that we have over the last few quarters. Particularly starting in the subprime, which we've seen increases for clearly over the last four quarters; and in prime or so maybe over the last couple of quarters. As it relates specifically to insured value, there continues to be a number of influences on that average insured value. Construction costs, if you look at the building cost index year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, they are continuing to rise. We are still seeing the efforts on behalf of the agents to increase the replacement costs on the voluntary policies. That ultimately end up being the basis for which, we rate our policies. And thirdly, we did mention a bit of mix in business that is causing this. And while it's representing 22% of our premium, the real estate owned policies are adding to the averages insured value, particularly because we are getting a higher concentration of these policies in the west. The real estate owned policies are rated on loan balance. And so a places like California, Nevada, and Arizona, where we are getting some higher in force counts is helping to raise that average insured value. And we continue to see those areas driving the real estate owned enforce [ph].
Edward Spehar: A follow-up, Gene, so did we see sequentially... this quarter, did we see the penetration rates up in prime and subprime from where they were in the first quarter?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Yes, we did.
Unidentified Company Representative: Go ahead.
Unidentified Company Representative: I... this I can say [ph] when we stay within the range we've given you, but obviously in the case of prime ones, you've got a fairly... or subprime, excuse me a fairly wide range of 6 to 15.
Edward Spehar: Right, okay; that's helpful. And then on the corporate and other loss, Mike, his was a... you identified the $3 million for the SEC piece, but the overall loss seemed to be if I heard you comment correctly, the overall loss seems to be almost double what you would think as kind of an annual number divided by 4 would be. Is there something... did I hear you correctly, and is there something else going on in the second quarter that increased the corporate loss?
Michael J. Peninger: Yes, I think if you go back and look at kind of the history in the corporate line, we do see some fluctuation from quarter-to-quarter, we talked about the SEC expenses, where a piece this year. We also had a number of things that were broadly kind of compensation related in various ways that added another chunk. And we also are seeing lower investment income in corporate, because the yield there is a rate of that we'd have the assets invested that are quite a bit lower than last year. So there is a lot of different pieces that go into that corporate line. And as I said in my comments, we think a reasonable run rate for an entire year is in that $450 million.
Edward Spehar: Okay. Well, I guess if I took that number then, that's going to say that the loss in the second half of the year is going to be less than what you had in the second quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes.
Unidentified Company Representative: Right.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think that that's what we are implying.
Edward Spehar: Okay. And then final question, can you give us some sense of what, if we look at may be the last several years the catastrophe losses in the second quarter defined as you have defined them in your release today so not necessarily they are above $5 million but just how are you defining them today can you give us some sense of what percentage of earned premium those have been running at?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, are you talking about in the second quarter yet?
Edward Spehar: Yes in the second quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: What we are going to do is go back and build the history for you; we have got a... Gene you want to talk about the numbers in '07?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Yes, again this was an elevated quarter and unusual although I'll also comment that we were still very pleased with these results. I mean I think representative of our risk management and our good spread of risk. We felt ultimately that may be the two percentage points that it added to our loss ratio was less than what we were seeing across the industry. Previous quarters, consistently had much less activity and, just going back and looking at the ISO storm counts, sixteen in the second quarter of this year, versus six last year. And they had much more lower levels in the previous years also.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Beth Malone of KeyBanc.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Beth.
Elizabeth Malone: Good morning. Just a, I am going to ask just a few questions and get back in the queue. But first on the SEC investigation, is there any light at the end of the tunnel here, should we model in, this $3 to $5 million every quarter indefinitely, can you give us an update; and as well as an update on how you are seeing share repurchase?
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure. Well first you know we can't really talk about the SEC investigation per se Beth, what we can say is that the company is working hard to bring about a resolution of the matter with the SEC and we continue to pursue that and expenses can vary depending on particular use of outside consulting services in that area, so it can move around a little bit.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. In terms of the share repurchase, quite frankly if you look at our capital management strategy we've said invest in our businesses as they grow, second thing we'd like to do is do acquisitions, we're real pleased we did the Signal acquisition. That being said, we would like to have the ability to buy back shares which we have suspended while the SEC investigation is underway, quite frankly given the change in the market place, capital market conditions we really like what that's done to our balance sheet but we'd like to be buying as well and we'll resume when we think it's appropriate.
Elizabeth Malone: Okay. And then just one last question on the disability book, other carriers who you compete with on the smaller case side have reported pretty stable expectations and your disability book was down, is that mostly because of, your still transitioning your book of business or are there other factors?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well I think we're still very pleased as I said Beth with our incidence rates and disability which to me is the main bench mark that you look at. We haven't seen really any change in those overall, they are still running at very favorable levels, we had exceptionally good experience in 2007, so I guess we had kind of a difficult comparable for ourselves but I think that, incidence rate is the key metric I keep my eye on and I know John, Robert keeps his eye on and that we still feel real good about.
Elizabeth Malone: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Keith Walsh of Citi.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, Keith.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good Morning.
Keith Walsh: Hi good morning everybody. Couple of questions for Gene and then one is for Don. Gene first on the housing bill impact, basically my question is if you are placing a policy and a loan gets modified, does that change the ability for you to place the policy, would be number one.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, again I think that is going to depend a little bit on how that loan is modified. I could talk a little bit about this bill in total. As Rob mentioned, we do support a broad-based mortgage environment. And we think it is important that the confidence be brought back to this mortgage environment. We also believe that there are provisions in the new laws that will help do that in the long-term. But that said, it's not really caused us to modify particularly in the short-term our forecasted growth assumptions. And we are going to have to continue to monitor usage and results as we go forward. The provisions in this plan are going to take time, the loan modifications that have been done to-date. I mean when you look at what the servicers and the lenders have done, they've been focusing on workouts, then they've been focusing on loan modification, which again we still see in our increases and penetration and everything associated with it. What we'll likely... again, with the latest proposal and the FHA loan guarantee, they are still likely to do those two things, the workouts, their own modifications before they are going to that FHA loan guarantee and before they have to take those rights offs. So, we think in terms of timing, right now it's slotted already with an effective date of ten months. If you hear what the FHA has to say, I mean they believe it could even take much longer to implement. So we think it's going to be a good thing. We just think it's going to take a long time to get it implement. We still feel that the industry macro-economic factors that have helped drive some of our growth particularly policy penetration, which is the decline in home prices and arises in foreclosures and arises in unemployment. They are still expected to continue as is the type of credit market, and lower consumer confidence. So when you look to average and shared values, it hasn't been influenced by the lower home prices, and our credit replace is following kind of replacement costs as they have in the industry and then REOs are following loan balance. So we are continuing to see the same macroeconomic factors continuing for a period of time going forward.
Keith Walsh: Okay. Then just on the prime book of business, I guess 26.5 million loans is what we were told [ph]. You said it's still in the historical ranges. How is that possible if what we've seen just listening to the commentary from every bank's CEO this quarter, specifically Jamie Dimon talking about a tripling of this net charge offs in the prime book over the next year. How come we have not seen that sort of a movement within your book? What's different there?
Robert B. Pollock: Well, we haven't seen a tripling, but again, we have seen an increase in our penetration. And as I've mentioned in previous quarters, there is a bit of difference between the prime and sub-prime books. Many of the prime portfolios were not providing real estate owned product for, and so once it is going into foreclosure, we may not have the opportunity to write that premium. But we are writing it certainly in some portfolios, and we are picking up premium through delinquencies for closures; and by the way the other reasons that we normally first place in the book.
Keith Walsh: Okay. And then just one question for Don on Health; we've been talking I guess about premium growth here for the last couple of years. And I just wanted to... I think you just posted actually the first year-on-year decline in core individual premium since you guys went public. I've seen [ph] the competitive environment, is this product just too expensive for people?
Don Hamm: No, I don't believe so, Keith. I think this is a growing marketplace. More people are entering into the individual space through their early retirements, through small employers, less frequently offering coverage. And a company like Assurant Health, we have a wide range of products from the end of the spectrum of relatively low premium with less benefit to higher premium and higher benefit. We have products such as Right Start designed for those people that are newly into the system and products such as HSAs for those that are early retirees. So we are meeting the bridge to Medicare and beyond. So as we've mentioned before, the competition is intense in individual. Other companies have seen this as an attractive segment and now also they're in the business, now there are sometimes you get a bit bruised and sometime those bruises can turn purple, but you keep working along heading into the future and you take each opportunity to keep improving the value of products and services you provide to our customers and, we do have some headwind from the aggressive pricing that we have noticed from the large national players and we believe that our new portfolio is well positioned and we are cautiously optimistic that we will continue to have some success in this business over the long term.
Keith Walsh: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Mark.
Mark Hughes: Good morning. You did better on the loss ratio on the domestic service business, anything in particular driving that do you expect that to continue to improve?
Unidentified Company Representative: That, again I think this is part of our core capability of managing large clients and I'll let Craig comment on the particulars but I really think this is embedded in that contracting and working with the large client.
S. Craig Lemasters: Now that's right and Mark it goes back to the comments a year ago we had a couple of our two clients that were not performing up to our expectations and we put the things in place to correct that, that's continued to improve so, we are very happy with that progress; but I would just say overall again we are just committed to get better and better at the risk management process overall so we have seen improvement in other areas of that business as well. So we'll keep investing in that. It also helps us getting back to the international growth, all of these core capabilities of risk management specifically in the service contract space we can employ globally, so it's well worth our time to keep investing in this.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Two other brief ones; was the gain on sale included in revenue anywhere or is that just below the line?
Unidentified Company Representative: You mean the inactive subsidiary gain?
Mark Hughes: That's right.
Unidentified Company Representative: It's below the line.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then profitability on REO; is there any different from the non-REO business?
Unidentified Company Representative: We have constantly maintained combined ratios across the whole portfolio REO and...
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from John Nadel from Sterne Agee.
Unidentified Company Representative: John, welcome back to the sell side.
John Nadel: Thank you very much it's great to be back in this volatility. I have a couple of quick questions for you guys. Don on the health side I may have misinterpreted your commentary from your opening remarks, is it fair to interpret those comments saying that the new or the second quarter combined ratio is a better indication of where we are thinking about being going forward from here or was it some combination of the last couple of quarters?
Don Hamm: It's the year-to-date combined ratio in 2008.
John Nadel: Got it.
Don Hamm: We do you think a key take away is that combined ratio is consistent with our expectations, and this part of the process we talked about before of gradually reducing the ROE to stimulate growth in individual medical business. As we've commented we've fit some headwind with aggressive pricing actions, but we still remain on track for our destination over the long-term and we believe we have the right capabilities of risk management distribution and the administration. We see the market place growing and we take a long-term conservative and disciplined view on the business. And we believe the new product portfolio will help us in that regard, so we do believe that we are on track and the year-to-date combined ratio is indicative of where our pricing expected us to be.
John Nadel: Okay. Just going back to the corporate expense levels; I know Ed was hitting on this a bit and I just want to follow-up one time on this. Is... was the statement that sort of expect in the range of $50 million for the full year?
S. Craig Lemasters: Right.
John Nadel: And that's clearly not including the interest expense or the deferred gain. Correct?
Unidentified Company Representative: Correct.
Unidentified Company Representative: Right.
John Nadel: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: We've got a, reconciliation on one page and the supplement, I think, John.
John Nadel: Yes. Okay, quick question on specialty properties thinking about the other category, starting to see some very good growth year-over-year both in the gross written and in the earned premium. Can you talk about I guess two things; just generally what you're seeing in your efforts on the renters and auto side and then also any impact from the severe flooding in the Midwest during the quarter and should we think about your administrative capabilities for the government?
Robert B. Pollock: Before I turn it over to Gene, I mean I think as we've mentioned we are trying to always come up with additional products that can find and build a special need in the marketplace; Gene has a couple of those. And Gene, you want to comment on what is that going on?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Sure. Actually we've been very pleased with that increase in other premium. While it's still not a larger part of our business, we have been able to incubate a number of smaller products that we have had some success with. When you look to premiums and earned premiums in particular, they've been driven by mainly a couple of products. We have a creditor-placed flood product that has benefited from what has happened in the rest of the industry, and then also our renters product, which we have touched on a couple of times. And we are continuing to see further acceptance of that model in the industry. And we think we've got some terrific differentiation in our distribution model. As it relates to our creditor-placed auto or CPI product, we continue while again premiums are still small on this block, we still believe that it's going to provide us with some long-term profitable growth opportunities and we believe strongly that there is unmet needs in that market. As we discussed, it's going to take some time to develop. And as I previously mentioned, I think we thought it was going likely maybe start with some tracking of portfolios for insurance like a second phase of being... placing the creditor-placed insurance. And to that end, I can actually say that we've recently been successful in executing on that strategy. We have now assigned and implemented a couple of significant accounts for insurance tracking contracts. That's really going to increase our long tracking by about 900,000 loans and lease tracking by 300,000. Now we believe it's significant, because we competed for this business, and we won. And so it's somewhat of an important validation for us that our service offering and it's going to give us scale that we need in the auto space and make us a large player there. I do want to reiterate that it's for tracking only at the current time. So it's not going to provide any significant premium or bottom-line impact say in '08. But you know we hope to move them to premium placements once we kind established our tracking proficiency, which again is going to take time, but we still believe we've got a compelling business model for the client and we like our long-term challenge there.
John Nadel: And just not going to necessarily keep it entirely on this, but any impact from the floods?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Actually again looking at this whole quarter with the hurricanes, the floods, we still believe that impact is going to be small. We are not expecting any reportable events to come out of this. Again, I think conducive to our risk management strategy and spread of risk, the NFIP continues to be part of our strategy and will and has helped offset some of the lose and has act some of the hedge in regard to some of the underwriting that we do in our creditor-placed flood business.
John Nadel: Okay. And then last question on the investment portfolio. Just looking at the significant decline sequentially in the accumulated other comprehensive income driven by the gross unrealized.
Unidentified Company Representative: Correct.
John Nadel: Is it fair to assume that the majority of that decline was driven by rising interest rates or is there some other reason?
Unidentified Company Representative: Chris?
Christopher Pagano: Hi, John. I think... keep in mind that when we talk about investment portfolio, you're talking about a $12.5 or $13 billion net invested assets with about a six-year duration.
John Nadel: Yes.
Christopher Pagano: So moves of 1% in interest rates of any sort will produce 750 or $800 million of change in unrealized whether that's up or down.
John Nadel: Right.
Christopher Pagano: So to think about what happened over the first six months of the year and the last... and in particular for the second quarter that's pretty consistent terms of a change in unrealized. What we can tell you though is the increase in interest rates because of the operating cash flow, because of the conservative approach to the portfolio, we are starting to put assets on at better levels for better long term interest rates going forward
Unidentified Company Representative: And I'd just add to that, Chris and his team have a tremendous ALM capability that we have in place that's part of our risk management and again what we benefit here is our liabilities aren't callable, we're in a situation where it gives him a little latitude to operate that many other players don't have that again put us in a enviable position.
John Nadel: Great, may be I'll sneak one more in, Rob with the acquisition and spending $250 million does it change your view looking forward about additional acquisition opportunities.
Robert B. Pollock: No in fact the, we have had quiet a bit of activity going on in the M&A area and we're going to continue to pursue both organic growth and things that can help us build our businesses and plan to do so.
S. Craig Lemasters: And we think our strong capital position really gives us the flexibility to stay active there.
Robert B. Pollock: Yeah; again I... we have a situation here where from the M&A side where we have done numerous small fill in acquisitions over the last couple of years think about the Safeco acquisition and the Mayflower acquisition, Launcher [ph] Centerpoint, Rayleen [ph], I mean having we have had numerous of these acquisitions take place all helping us build out our platforms which we think are going to benefit us moving forward.
John Nadel: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Vinay Misquith from Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Vinay.
Vinay Misquith: On to Brazil life product I just want to clarify whether that's a discontinued product?
Unidentified Company Representative: Craig you want to talk about that?
S. Craig Lemasters: Yes, sure. There are three producing clients Vinay on this product in Brazil. Two of them are cancelled, the third client was when we found the problem with the product was converted to a monthly pay product, which has acceptable margin, returns and is operating on plan. So for all three, the product that specifically gave us problem, was discontinued. We just converted the one to the monthly pay product. And again the key for us is, we're actively negotiating settlement with all three and are targeting year end to get that completed.
Vinay Misquith: Sure. So for the two clients, you have sort of discontinued the business, but for one client it still continues?
S. Craig Lemasters: That's right. For the one client it continues but again we converted the product to what we call a monthly pay product which gives us much more robust risk management capabilities and so the product that they continue to ride is performing on expectation.
Vinay Misquith: Fair enough, thanks. The second question was on the health side. Don, just wanted to clarify that's it's not a cost issue but you are actually taking actions to reduce your price because you are trying to sort of balance the trade-off between margins versus growth?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I think Vinay, you kind of summarized it well. I think Don pointed out number of years ago at Investor Day that we would certainly be willing to take a reduced ROEs for more revenue volume and we've taken pricing actions to do that and you know we've not seen yet the increase to the top-line. But this is a long term play in this business, we understand it very well. And as you know when Don talked about some of the new products we're introducing, I think they also importantly address segments of the buying population that maybe hadn't been addressed this frequently in the past. So trying to get to that consumer an insight on different segments of that buying public is something we're doing a lot of that help. And we believe that some of the new products we are rolling out will help there.
Vinay Misquith: Sure, and how is the competition in this segment, has it lead off?
Unidentified Company Representative: It's a continuous process of assessing the competition. Now we are active in 44 states and we have different competitors in each state. So it's hard to get an overall view on it. We did note with a lot of interest the challenges that lot of larger international like companies have recently talked about in their business, in their risk based business. My own history is that there are times when people do price aggressively and it usually occurs. And it pace a way a bit as people make adjustments. I would expect some of these players to make adjustments. There are usually a lag between when they recognize the problem, and when they implement rates. So I think the trend should be positive for us. Let me also point that the second quarter is historically our lowest sales quarter. There is a bit of a seasonality there. And we do believe there were some movement of business from the second quarter to third quarter as people were aware in June of our new product capabilities that had some features that weren't available. And to Bill Ponoroff's [ph] comments, this part of portfolio really demonstrates our focus and our innovation. Of all features I mentioned, no other individual company has those available today. And it shows that with us being focused on the segment, being closer to the business, I think we are more attuned to the needs of the customers. And ultimately it is about serving customer needs, and doing it in the best possible efficient way in our easy doing business and these capabilities on our new portfolio give us a good sense that we are well positioned and remain on our focus, so long-term profitable growth in this business. And once again it's a great market and Assurant Health has the right stuff.
Vinay Misquith: That's clear. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming form Dan Johnson from Citadel Investment Group.
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning Dan.
Daniel Johnson: Good morning. Rob you stated of the conversation talking about A.M. Best and their assessment of required capital for rapidly growing businesses. Can you remind us exactly how much of the capital penalty you are underwrite now with that business in order to sort of key determinants that will help us figure out how much capital relief will come from that change?
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. Let me just start and then I'll turn things over to Gene. Because Gene actually and Chris were part of the team that visited A.M. Best, whichever way you want to take it. But quite frankly, I think it points out the challenges we can have with the specialty business. When A.M. Best looks and sees companies, who have premiums growing much faster than the marketplace, their natural reaction is to believe that perhaps they've got a situation where the product's under priced. I think that's the genesis of the growth charts that they've put in place. Over and above what they might normally charge. So we spent a fair amount of time trying to get A.M. Best understand why ours was different. And trust me, they don't just map their head and agreement on things [ph]. It takes a lot of dialogue. Gene, you want to touch to the scripts on how some of that went?
Gene Mergelmeyer: I can certainly start. I mean I think as Rob explained, it is a process. And I think we were able to demonstrate first of all that the drivers of our growth were not necessary bad for our division; in fact that they were good. So we could look and we could point them to things like continued lowering of non-GAAP loss ratios continued improvement and expense ratios based on the growth that we have been receiving for also to be able to demonstrate the difference between what's really happening on a policy level basis versus what's happening on a premium level basis. And in fact that a lot of the premium that we are getting is doing to just getting better rates on the policies we are writing. So I think we are very successful. I know that as we move into this next quarter, I think we are going to look at capital and be able to give you some further guidance particularly when we consider all the other companies involved in our best review. And I think our plans are to report further to you in the third quarter. Chris, you want to add to that?
Christopher Pagano: Yes, just the other, I mean this is sort of part of our overall capital management philosophy, where we serve the back-end of the shift of dividends from the subsidiaries up to the holding company depending on profitability for specialty property obviously cap season is a big question mark. The good news is by the team we are in the third quarter call, we will serve most of the way through there and have a much better sense on profitability and I can give you a much more accurate update then.
Daniel Johnson: So let me go back to the first part of the question, what is the premium growth penalty, that you guys paid I know you don't know how much of it will come away because you don't know what the equity will be at the end of the year, but how about what's historically you have been held in extra because of the growth?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes well A.M. Best changes every year Dan, so its difficult to sit down... what I'd say is we feel we are going to be in the position to dividend more of our earnings than we were at last year but the specifics really relate to the inner relationship of our earnings and the formula and we just want to wait and see how that plays out a bit.
Daniel Johnson: Okay fair enough thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Adam Klauber from FPK.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Adam.
Adam Klauber: Good morning thanks; two quick questions specialty property was up, gross premiums were up on a sequential basis from 40% to 30%. Is there any seasonality and also are you working on any big contracts there?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well two questions, Gene you want to address the seasonality issue first?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Yes. As far as seasonality goes, we do have some seasonality. I mean I think if you go back and looked at our historical trends particularly the fact the first quarter tends to be a bit lower, second quarter usually ends up being somewhat of a strong quarter followed typically by strong third and fourth quarters. So, the first quarter is really our, usually our sequentially lower quarter.
Adam Klauber: Okay and also are there, are you working on any big contracts on that segment?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, you know we've not discussed any particular but obviously Gene is regularly in RFP proposals might be out there. You can imagine that given the just general uncertainty that's taken over the marketplace I think there maybe a lot of people who aren't bidding because they could be acquired. Gene is that a fair statement?
Gene Mergelmeyer: Yes, I think its kind of, it's certainly an interesting environment right now. And as we move forward we do believe that is going to be continued consolidation. And in the short term we could be a winner in that environment or quite frankly we could be a loser. We still believe that our large market share and our alignment with some of the industry leaders are going to provide a benefit for us over the long-term.
Adam Klauber: And one quick follow-up question, on the health loss ratio what health inflation assumption have you built in. and what type of health inflation would you need for the health loss ratio to go over 70%?
Unidentified Company Representative: We are... we will, Assurant health is really focused on risk management and every month we go through a detailed evaluation of our emerging claims experience. We look at... we do our loss ratios every month, we break it down by product by location, by geography, by all the different factors. So we are consistently adjusting based upon our analysis of the trend. And we see trend recently been kind of stable to maybe a little bit down but each company's trend factor is very unique based upon its own book of business. We have more, higher detectable business, we have business in different locations in other companies. But generally the... I would say we are in the mid teens. But although people often make changes to their products as to rate get higher so the net to earned rate is usually somewhere about half of that rate. But it's a continuous process of adjusting.
Adam Klauber: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is coming Steven Schwartz from Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz: Hey, good afternoon everybody. Can you just quickly I wasn't intending to but I want to quickly follow up on Dan Johnson's question with regard to the business growth and the capital charge. Obviously you are talking about investments because they may not use the same terminology, but looking at RBC for an insurance company [ph] are we basically talking about C4 [ph] risk?
Unidentified Company Representative: No, I don't think so. I mean a couple of different points here. We also have needs to meet, be it our ratios, which is another part of the group [ph] brick we go through as we negotiate with A.M. Best.
Steven Schwartz: Sure.
Unidentified Company Representative: But I think the take-away is we believe we are going to be in a position to dividend a higher percentage of earnings out of the property business than we were in prior years.
Steven Schwartz: Okay good. And then; so if I can just go on with my own questions.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure.
Steven Schwartz: For Don you mentioned State Farm, maybe I am thinking about somebody else's real estate farm but I thought State Farm was a very, very long term contract?
Don Hamm: Yes. We've had two four-year contracts with State Farm and this is a great example of an alliance that really benefits both party as I was with some of the key State Farm people earlier this week and its very clear that we have aligned interest and we have the same values as an our organization, we both focus on value to customers, we both take a long term perspective and it's very beneficial for State Farm to have access to our individual medical product that they know that the company comes through on its commitments and is there for their customer's in the time of need; and we really enjoyed working with the State Farm folks and their presence one of every four household in the United States is a tremendous advantage for us. And we are in contract discussions; we mutually agreed upon a contract extension in order to give us more time to work out the whole process, but we're very optimistic that we'll reach an agreement soon.
Steven Schwartz: Okay and how long was the extension and from when did it take... when did it start again so what's the [ph]?
Don Hamm: It began at the end of June and it's been extended a couple of months and we'll keep updating you as things progress, but we do, we are optimistic we'll reach an agreement soon.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. And than Craig on China you mentioned now it seems to be a long time ago that you've got a service office open on the insurance side though; am I understanding this right you can be in a reasonably short period of time writing extended service contract business in China?
S. Craig Lemasters: Yes, that's right, Steve, and we don't. It's not written as an insurance product there, so what we have actually opened is the service company.
Steven Schwartz: Okay.
S. Craig Lemasters: And so that will be a platform for the extended service contract business.
Steven Schwartz: Okay, are you may be, may be its too early yet, but is the thought process to deal with Chinese companies or is the thought process to initially deal with may be American companies that are doing business over there?
S. Craig Lemasters: Its really both and its interesting, even when we started researching this two years ago it does back while, we did through research to make the decision to go there and then all of our own ground work and even in that time period the number of domestic companies that have opened in China is very encouraging and fits excellently into our core global client management strategy where we can now partner with, whether it's a large retailer, we get our insurance license a bank record company truly on a global basis and help them in the 13 locations where we are doing business toady and just encouraging that a number of particularly the large retailers have entered China as well
Steven Schwartz: Okay. And then can you just the question of the delinquencies versus REO, my understanding was the profitability was the same. That premium was the same if the property move from a delinquency to an REO situation; the components of the combined ratio were different. But the combined ratio ultimately came out to be the same. You mentioned something I didn't know that the premium when it moves into an REO situation, it's based on the loan value?
Unidentified Company Representative: That is correct.
Steven Schwartz: And... okay. So that leads me to the question is, is the profitability, the absolute bottom-line profitability on a home when it moves from delinquency to REO, your profitability, does it go up? I mean I am not talking about the combined ratio. I am just talking about the bottom-line number.
Unidentified Company Representative: The bottom-line number is really going to driven by the combined ratios, which are consistent among those products. So, I would say they are going to be comparable.
Steven Schwartz: Okay. Then let me try this a different way. Is the premium higher that you received on an REO relative to a delinquency?
Unidentified Company Representative: Not necessarily.
Steven Schwartz: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: Again premium... the REO premiums can often times have different factors. It is a bit of a different program. They are somewhat similar in most cases, but they can differ.
Steven Schwartz: Okay, all right; fair enough. And then just looking at employee benefits, just so I understand this loss ratio is less favorable than a year ago, but morbidity was still better than pricing; is that correct?
Unidentified Company Representative: We... it's still favorable. I mean the... versus pricing you've get a lot of different factors by products and different durations and things like that. But I think overall as I said, the disability incidents rate still remains at level that we are very comfortable with.
Steven Schwartz: Okay, all right; great. Thanks, guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from William Wiltz of Morgan Stanley.
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning Bill.
William Wiltz: Hi there. Thanks very much. I'll just keep it to one topic given the time for Craig. Have you seen the change in the penetration rate on domestic warranties, consumer electronics, or other durable goods over the last several quarters as a result of the economic weakness, I guess is my question.
S. Craig Lemasters: We see both going on though we have clients that we've talked about. Obviously Circuit has been very public about their challenges. We've seen clients that are struggling in the economy, but we also have clients in our service contract side, where we have seen increases in penetration and typically the ones that are really engaged in our strategic program management and know we can really help them. We've also seen in selected clients kind of the high end sales with flat panels and things that held up very strong. And so that's been encouraging. And then in our specialty line, some of the things we talked about the specialty auto pieces for example, we've seen encouraging signs there. And I think that's really sort help us, this whole motion of taking this challenging economy had on, this has really helped us to balance that in this economy.
William Wiltz: Okay. Thanks for that and related to their meaningful difference between the international penetration rate and domestic U.S., just directionally?
S. Craig Lemasters: No, I wouldn't call it meaningful. At this point, it's just a big range internationally, because in some countries, we're really just early on introducing the whole concept of service contract and there's others that are somewhat more mature that tend to behave very much like the U.S. So it's a bit of a mix bag.
William Wiltz: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our last question is coming from John Hall from Wachovia.
Robert B. Pollock: Good morning, John.
John Hall: Good morning, Rob. I'm going to take another crack at the specialty property capital.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay.
John Hall: What percentage of earnings did you dividend out last year?
Unidentified Company Representative: I don't think the dividend any last year, because we grew so rapidly.
John Hall: So... okay, so 0% that you were essentially prevented on the part of over some capital needs.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, again the big high ratio is the combination of the factors that include something related to the business and something related to your growth. And that combination put us in a situation of retaining capital within the business. Chris, you want to talk about that a bit more?
Christopher Pagano: Let me just take another shot at this and hopefully prior questions about if people are still listening. The capital charge related to growth is a function of individual companies' growth relative to the industry. So you've got a couple of moving parts there. There is a three year and a one year number that AFS looked at. The dialogue that we had with them and where we were able to come to an agreement was how to measure the growth in the property side. The fact that premium was not necessary... growth in premium was not necessarily an indicator of growth and risk, so that measuring our growth over that one and three year time period ought to be done on somewhat different basis. So that's where we were able to reach some sort of understanding in agreement with AFS. They are still on a process of determining the actual numbers relative to the industry. So that's why we can't give you more specifics on that. And again the other issue being we are heading into hurricane season. Our policy is typically to back-end load any kind of dividends in particular out of the property area that will be much... be able to give you much better answer on the third quarter call.
Unidentified Company Representative: And the last issue with all those, remember, is that that is a statutory entity basis, and not all of our statutory entities are just aligned with one of our businesses. And so it makes all this a bit more complicated.
John Hall: Understood. But the 170 to 230 that was available... that number that we talked about relied on essentially a 0% contribution from specialty property?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, we actually thought we were going to get some from the property last year, and we got it from other places.
John Hall: Okay. And then just a final close out question: as far as market share in specialty property, any changes that you can talk about in the quarter?
Unidentified Company Representative: Actually it remained relatively... well, it remained very consistent from the quarter. Our loan counts were about 30.5 million, which was consistent with the last quarter; even our spread between prime and subprime at 83% to 17%. Like we said before, it's somewhat of a volatile market out there, so we may win some, and actually did. We lost a couple; we gained a couple during the quarter. But we remained relatively consistent. And we still feel good that our overall market share is going to set us well for long-term growth.
John Hall: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: At this time, I would now like to turn the floor back over to Rob for any closing remarks.
Robert B. Pollock: We are very pleased with the results we produced for shareholders so far this year, and facing a challenging economy head on. We thank you for joining us today and look forward to updating you on our progress.
Operator: This does conclude Assurant's second quarter call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett - Sr. VP, IR Robert B. Pollock - President and CEO John S. Roberts - Interim President and CEO, Assurant Employee Benefits Michael J. Peninger - EVP and Interim CFO Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property Donald Hamm - EVP; President and CEO, Assurant Health S. Craig Lemasters - President and CEO, Assurant Solutions Christopher J. Pagano - EVP and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management
Analysts: Keith Walsh - Smith Barney Citigroup Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Edward A. Spehar - Merrill Lynch Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Cochran Caronia Walle Beth Malone - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jukka Lipponen - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant First Quarter 2008 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Marietta. Welcome to Assurant's 2008 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant; Mike Peninger, our Interim Chief Financial Officer; and John Roberts, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant Employee Benefits. I'm also pleased to be joined by the other members of our senior leadership team, who will be available for questions you have. Don Hamm, President and CEO of Assurant Health; Gene Mergelmeyer, President and CEO of Assurant Specialty Property; Craig Lemasters, President and CEO of Assurant Solutions; and Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer. Prepared remarks will last approximately 25 minutes, after which time we'll open the call to questions. This morning, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2008 financial results. The press release as well as corresponding supplementary financial information maybe found on our website at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during this call may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results may... might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We advise you to read the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our SEC filings, which can be accessed from our website. Additionally, the presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more detailed disclosures of these non-GAAP measures to most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to this morning's earnings press release and the supplementary financial information posted on our website. And now, I would like to turn things over to Rob.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to share with you Assurant's financial results for the first quarter of 2008. I am pleased to report that Assurant has delivered the best quarterly net operating income and operating earnings per share in our history, despite the slowing economy and the uncertainties impacting the capital markets. We have maintained a conservative investment philosophy. Our businesses continue to deliver healthy cash flows and we've maintained a strong balance sheet. We reported growth in net income, but our result show we are not immune to the volatile capital markets. First quarter results include $28.2 million in after tax capital losses, related to other than temporary impairments in our investment portfolio. At the same time, capital market dislocations have created opportunities. Widening credit spreads have largely offset declining treasury yields, allowing us to invest on more favorable terms. Our capital management strategy is focused first on growing our businesses organically and second through acquisition. In 2007, the M&A environment was characterized by excess liquidity and abundant low cost financing. Nevertheless, we successfully completed acquisitions of about $200 million aligned with our targeted growth strategy. Today, the M&A environment is characterized by diminished capital positions and scarce higher cost financing. We believe we are well positioned for this environment. Overall growth in our business has been driven by our disciplined execution of our diversified Specialty insurance model. Our results delivered strong operating ROEs and we achieved nice growth in operating earning per share and book value. We are pleased with our ability to deliver strong results in a slowing economy and we feel we are well positioned for 2008. The mortgage market has experienced unprecedented changes, which have had ripple effects across the entire economy. The market is dynamic, and Assurant continues to support initiatives that might bring additional stability. Examples include our membership in the financial services round table and our participation in their housing policy council. We are also participants in the Hope Now program, focused on financial counseling for homeowners in need. In this turbulent market, Assurant Specialty Property delivered strong profitability and growth in net earned premiums. Our strategy of aligning with market leaders has been integral to our growth over the last five years, and we believe it positions us well for the future, where consolidation is likely to continue. Our results in the first quarter were achieved despite the loss at year-end of 630,000 subprime loans due the consolidation. Over the long term, we continue to focus on growing our share of trackable mortgage loans. Let me move next to solutions. Net earned premiums grew nicely quarter-over-quarter. We recently held a workshop to provide investors a deep dive into our solutions business model. At the workshop, we identified key drivers of growth and how they would help us to tamper the impact of the slowing economy, particularly for service contracts. These drivers include establishing relationships with new distribution partners, such as dealerships in recreational vehicles, developing new earnable good product mixes like jewelry, adding new clients and increasing sales from existing clients. Solutions results this quarter were positively impacted by $11.7 million of after tax income from service contract clients. I mentioned this because it demonstrates our ability to work closely with our partners to improve client account performance, when results are not meeting our targets. Internationally, we continue to see strong growth in both service contracts and credit insurance. One contributor has been our global client management strategy. Using this program, we've been able to add multinational clients in several countries. In addition, our two acquisitions in the U.K. have helped us to build our position in the niche mortgage payment protection market. The dynamics of the healthcare marketplace continue to change rapidly and we remain focused on executing our core capabilities. Our disciplined risk management approach to the specialty business has enabled us to continue to deliver favorable combined ratios. Although Assurant Health's net operating income and net earned premiums for the quarter are both down compared to the same period last year, we continue to focus on growing our individual medical business by leveraging our strengths and product development and broad distribution. Assurant Employee Benefits is well positioned for the small employer benefits market. John Roberts, who leads our employee benefits business, will talk about how we are successfully executing our strategy within this market. So in summary, even in the context of a slowing economy, our results continue to demonstrate the enduring quality of our diversified specialty insurance strategy. Our financial foundation is strong and our capital position provides the flexibility to capitalize on emerging opportunities. Now, I would like to turn the call over to John Roberts. John?
John S. Roberts - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Employee Benefits: Thanks, Rob and good morning everybody. I am very pleased to be here to update you on our quarterly results and the progress we made toward our goal of being a small employer's carrier of choice, when it comes to employee benefits. At Assurant Employee Benefits, we've chosen to become a specialty carrier in this market and to transform itself to focus on the needs of the small employer. We are executing on our growth strategy by building a sales force for the small market and developing alternate distribution networks like Disability RMS. Now moving forward, our growth strategy will expand to include increasing voluntary sales and acquiring blocks of business. Now let me turn to the results for the first quarter. Assurant Employee Benefits net operating income was $16.3 million, down 44% from the first quarter of 2007. This was primarily due to no investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships in the first quarter of 2008 compared to $9.2 million after tax during the first quarter of 2007. That said, the underlying business results continue to reflect the benefits of our new strategy. Group disability experience continues to be very favorable. Our life and dental experience were not as favorable as last year. The net effect was continued overall improvement in our loss ratio. Our targeted small case market has distinct advantages. Historically, small employers appreciate and are more willing to pay for benefit choices. Additionally, in the disability business small cases have on average lower claim costs for person covered. Small cases also less prone to fluctuation and claim incidence during these top economic cycles. As we continue to focus on growing, we expect the lower loss experience associated with the small case will be partially offset by higher sales expenses until we build scale. Turning to top line, first quarter net earned premiums decreased 5% to $280.4 million. The decrease is due to $22.8 million in single premiums from closed blocks of business recognized during the first quarter of 2007, compared to only $5.5 million in the first quarter of 2008. Absent the effect of these single premiums, net earned premiums during the first quarter of 2008 decreased slightly. We are encouraged by our sales momentum as we look at 2008 and beyond. Our overall sales for the first quarter 2008 were flat relative to the first quarter of 2007. Sales in our under 500 life target market have increased. Sales were up 57% over the first quarter of 2006, when we were in the early stages of implementing our small case strategy. Distribution of the key ingredient to successfully implementing our strategy and one that we believe differentiates us from our peers. Our sales force is now 164 members strong, serving markets through over 30 group sales offices located strategically across the country. When we adopted our small case strategy, we implemented a sales compensation plan that focused on driving small group sales. Sales rep compensation is capped is 500 life, sending a clear message that small cases are focused. This whole move set in place a redesign our sales organization. Our new sales force is primarily like experienced hires in their sales experience from other industry. We build upon their strengths and tailored training programs with them to maximize their sales effectiveness in the employee benefit market. We believe the challenge and opportunity our reps find in working with small case is reflected in our lower turnover rate, which in 2007 was approximately one half what we saw in 2006. Additionally, we're continuing to strengthen relationship with brokers who share our focus on the small employer, especially through initiatives like the program we have developed for our key brokers. The number of brokers involved in this program has now grown to nearly 250 because they recognize the value of our business tools such as cross-selling opportunities, our marketing and business planning development. All of which helps them grow their business, and collectively these key brokers account for 25% of our annual sales. Business written to approximately 30 Disability RMS clients provides another avenue to distribute our products and services in small case market. When you combine the AEB sales force without the Disability RMS, nearly 500 sales reps are from disability products which Assurant holds in risk. The next chapter for insurance employee benefits is growth, and in these tough economic times, there are a number of factors including the breadth of our product portfolio that make us attractive to the small employer. Our growth will focus on four key areas. First, even better executing our small case strategy. Second, growing alternate distribution; third, growing voluntary sales and fourth, acquiring blocks of business. These past few years have been an important transition for Employee Benefits from a traditional employee benefit career to one focus as a specialty provider. We're demonstrating Assurant's core strength, partnering with industry leaders, expertise in risk management capability and our advanced administrative system that allow for mass customization in this market. These strengths and our focus on the small group market puts us in a position to deliver top line growth and targeted ROE for Assurant. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mike.
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John. It's exciting to see how you and you team have advanced AEB's strategy and position the company for leadership in the small employer market. Now let's review the consolidated results and the results from each of the other businesses, which in aggregate demonstrate strong performance and position us well for 2008. Assurant's net operating income during the first quarter of 2008 was up 22% to $214.9 million, or $1.80 per diluted share, led by the continued strong performance of Assurant Specialty Property. Net earned premiums increased 10% for the quarter. Key contributors were Assurant Specialty Properties creditor placed homeowners business and Assurant Solutions service contracts and pre-need businesses. International net earned premiums reported benefited from favorable foreign exchange rates. While yields have declined, total invested assets have increased by nearly... by 6% or nearly $1 billion since the first quarter of 2007. Net investment income decreased 9% during the quarter to $197.8 million. This is due mainly to $33.5 million of investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships recognized during the first quarter of 2007. The current real estate market provides more opportunities for investments and as we move forward, our strong cash position should allow us to take advantage of this opportunity. Net income in the first quarter of 2008 increased 4% to $186.8 million, or $1.57 per diluted share. We recorded $28.2 million in after tax realized losses, due to others and temporary impairments in our investment portfolio. These included an additional $2.5 million after tax out of our $40 million aggregate subprime ABS holdings of 2006 vintage. The remaining impairments are primarily concentrated in issuers within the finance sector who are affected by the market volatility and credit market conditions at the end of first quarter. We've seen no significant further deterioration of these positions and many of our impaired holdings are approved along with overall market sentiment since quarter end. Assurant Solutions first quarter net operating income of $47.6 million was up 8% versus the first quarter of 2007, there was no investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships in the first quarter of 2008, compared with $9.4 million after tax during the first quarter of 2007. The 2008 results included $11.7 million of after tax income from the accrual of contractual receivables established from certain domestic service contract clients. As we discussed at our workshop in our past earnings call, we continually work with our clients to analyze emerging experience and make necessary adjustments. For example, we may change rate, change administrative practices or adjust client commissions. In this case, certain clients who have not previously met the minimum performance threshold specified in our contracts have agreed to explicit reductions in their future commissions. We set up a receivable to reflect amounts we will receive over the next two quarters. Accounting rules require us to recognize them in our financial statements this quarter, since they can now be reasonably estimated and the likelihood of recovery is high. While these receivable improves our domestic combined ratios for the quarter, we continue to experience less favorable overall results in our domestic service contracts and we will work to continue to improve results. Our international combined ratios continue to reflect our investments in developing countries and continuing improvement in loss experiences in certain countries. First quarter expenses for developing countries were $ 7.9 million compared with $6.7 million in the first quarter of 2007. Expenses in developing countries were 41% of gross written premiums in the quarter, down 14 points from the first quarter of 2007. Solutions net earned premiums were up 17% to $683.5 million in the first quarter of 2008. This increase was driven by the continued growth in our domestic and international service contractors. Excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange, net earned premiums are up 15%. We continue to see growth in pre-need premiums from SCIs acquisition of Alderwoods, which added $17 million net earned premiums during the quarter. Overall, domestic gross written premiums were down 12% over the prior year, due to slowdowns in the retail sales environment and the closure of all CompUSA stores gross. Gross written premiums for our domestic service contracts were down 13% in the quarter. In addition, domestic credit gross written premiums continue to decline and were down 6% quarter-over-quarter. International gross written premiums were up nearly up 18% in the first quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, they were up 6% primarily due to continued strong growth in service contracts, particularly from Canada, Brazil and Argentina. We are also seeing growth in our international credit business. Since international is an increasing part of our Solutions business, we will be including more information on foreign exchange impact in our financial supplement beginning in the second quarter. Fee income was up 16% for the quarter, partially due to the growth in fee income from our two 2007 acquisitions; Swansure and Centrepoint in the UK. Assurant Solutions net investment income decreased 5% for the quarter. The decrease is primarily due to $14.4 million of investment income from real estate joint venture partnerships recognized during the first quarter of 2007. Absent this income, net investment income would have increased 9% due to higher invested assets from the growth in domestic service contracts, our international business and the Mayflower transaction. Assurant Specialty Property delivered record net earned premiums and strong profitability. With no reportable catastrophes during the quarter and continued growth in creditor placed homeowners insurance, excellent combined ratios and an increase in investment income, net operating income was up 68% to $124.7 million. These results include $4.6 million after tax from a client-related settlement. Net earned premiums driven by the continued organic growth in the creditor placed business increased 31% to $481.4 million in the first quarter. While the sequential growth has slowed this quarter due in part to seasonality and the loss of 630,000 subprime loans to consolidation, we continue to see our primary growth drivers increasing and we believe we are well positioned over the long term. Average insured value for property rose to $164,000 in the first quarter of 2008 compared to $139,000 in the first quarter of 2007 and $157,000 in the fourth quarter of 2007. Average insured values are increasing primarily as a result of increases in replacement cost covered to be in a place in the primary homeowners' insurance markets and due to the geographic mix of business. Policy enforced penetration percentages have also increased in both our prime and subprime portfolios and continue to run in the general range of 6% to 15% for subprime accounts and 1% to 2% for our prime accounts. While the majority of our creditor placed premiums are non-real estate owned, real estate owned premiums continue to increase to 21% of written premiums for the first quarter of 2008. The growth in real estate owned properties has improved and broadened our geographic spread of risks. Specialty Properties results also reflect a 34% increase in investment income, to $29.4 million for the quarter due to higher invested assets and an 8% increase in fee income to $13.6 million during the quarter. Assurant Health maintained a very favorable combined ratio during the period of intense competition. First quarter 2008 net operating income was $37.3 million, down 8% compared to the same period of 2007. The decline reflected $2.3 million of after tax income from real estate joint venture partnerships recognized during the first quarter of 2007. Continued growth in individual net earned premiums during the quarter was offset by the continued decline in small group medical premiums. Our combined ratio for the first quarter of 2008 was 91.7%, same as it was in the first quarter of 2007, very favorable by industry standards and indicative of our disciplined risk management. Net earned premiums in the first quarter of 2008 decreased 3% compared to the first quarter of 2007, $496.1 million. Individual medical net earned premiums grew by 2%, primarily due to higher premiums per member. This was offset however by a 13% decline in small group franchise. Individual medical sales were down 20% compared to the prior year, however we believe recent turmoil in the market will work to our benefit and allow us to take advantage for our strengths. These strengths include disciplined risk management, broad distribution and a comprehensive product portfolio. Next in our corporate and other results, we reported a net operating loss of $5.9 million for the first quarter of 2008 compared to a loss of $7.6 million in the first quarter of 2007. This improvement was primarily a result of $5.8 million of changes in certain tax liabilities recognized in the first quarter of 2007, partially offset by lower investment income in the quarter. The quarter includes $1.6 million after tax of expenses relating to the ongoing SEC investigation of loss mitigation products. Our balance sheet remains strong. As of March 31, 2008 total assets were $26.4 billion and total shareholders equity excluding accumulated and other comprehensive income was $402 billion. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI grew 5% during the quarter to $33.73. Our adjusted capital ratio excluding AOCI improved to 18.9%. In summary, Assurant's focus on the disciplined execution of our improved and diverse specialty business strategy continues to deliver strong results for shareholders, by leveraging our core capabilities and expertise in the specialized markets in which operate, we continue to make steady progress in our key targeted growth areas. Now I'd like to turn things back to Rob to open the floor for questions.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike. Operator, we're ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Kevin Walsh of Citi.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Kevin.
Keith Walsh - Smith Barney Citigroup: Good morning, how are you? First question for Gene, couple of questions on Specialty Property, if you could just remind us why we see seasonality in the gross written premiums from fourth quarter to first, why they declined? And then secondly, just more broadly, when we think about originations in the mortgage industry, they're down pretty sharply across the board, but much more so for Countrywide. Now are you seeing relative migration to your book away from Balboa or let's say, may be if you can talk a little bit to that and than I've got a follow up for Mike.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Okay, great. Yes, let me try and address seasonality. I think one of the things you can look at to is if you look at there is a similar pattern that occurred in the fourth quarter of '06 versus the first quarter of '07, and really what that relates to, if you look at our book a number of the expirations let's say, do kind of expire in the middle of the year, kind of consistent with when most people were buying their homes and that's when their insurance was kind of set up and the expirations occur. So there is a tendency to run to that and there is some little cyclicality around how premiums are processed as well. As it relates to the origination side of the business, we do feel that again, our core competency around aligning ourselves with the industry leaders has us well positioned. Certainly, I mean there was a couple of our large lenders that in the first quarter actually did announce that despite all of the problems and all of the press around originations being down that their originations were up and some significantly over the first quarter of last year in this first quarter. So we do see some of that happening, we also do believe that as the Banc of America Group takes over for a Countrywide, to the extent that does go through, they have already announced that they do plan on cutting back of their warehouse lending as well as their subprime lending and so we do believe kind of our partners are in a good position to probably take advantage of that market.
Keith Walsh - Smith Barney Citigroup: Great. And then just for Mike, if you could remind us of a what's your excess capital position today?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer: We usually update that later in the year, Keith. We were in I think the 220 or so range at year end and we'll give you an update of that as the year progresses.
Keith Walsh - Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you very much. Anything you can say in terms of how much the loss of those 630 subprime loans affected premium in the quarter, can you ballpark that?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer: Well, that's really not some thing I can disclose. However, what I can say is we do see continued growth momentum. So when you look at our average insured value, we reported that, I think you'll see that has continued to increase consistently with what we've seen in the previous year. But also as delinquencies and foreclosures have continued to increase, we've seen increased penetrations and so both in the subprime market and a little bit in the prime market as well, we have seen increases again this quarter consistent for what we were incurring last year.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got you. And then any improvement in the pricing environment in the Health, given the poor performance of some of your competitors?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Donald, you want to --?
Donald Hamm - Executive Vice President; President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Health: Sure. Health remains a very potentially competitive marketplace particularly in the individual market where we saw lot of growth and more competition, and I am actually quite encouraged by our sales in the first quarter being up 18% over the previous quarter. I think a number of factors were involved. I do believe our relative hedge position had improved a bit. And additionally, we introduced a new product and we introduced new capability, and I'll be talking more about those as part of our second quarter. But, certainly this reinforces our long-term perspective on the business, our discipline in risk management. We stay on top of the business every month and we make sure that we price our products appropriately for the risk we are taking. And the recent changes and turmoil I think may give us some limited sales as we look towards the second quarter and the rest of the year.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: And I think it just points out the major of individual medical being the specialty business and I know that people talk all the time about competitors coming in, but it is different and it operates with a different dynamic than you see in the general large case health marketplace.
Mark Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Spehar of Merrill Lynch.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ed.
Edward A. Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good morning. I had a couple of questions. First, on Specialty Property. The... I think you said the average insured value was up from $139,000 to $164,000 year-over-year, is that correct?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Edward A. Spehar - Merrill Lynch: And so that's an... I guess it's an 18% increase and I am wondering at what point do we start to see those increases stop. I know that there isn't a direct connection between insured values and home prices. But is this something where we can... we have some way to sort of gauge when we would think this would normalize and does it normalize in terms of sort of gradual decline or is it something that I guess I would think maybe something that could drop significantly in a quarter when it stops. But can you help us understand that, that's obviously is a key driver of the growth?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Sure, sure Ed. Let me try and do my best to address that issue. First of all, we continue to see increases in the average insured and it's being driven as we look at the new policies that are being put on the books. They are at much higher values and we're continuing to see that increase. So again, we are replacing some of the older policies that have been on the books for quite a long time, and we have also instituted some processes in our policies that are going to increase our renewal amounts based on inflation as well, which will continue to add to that trend. Secondly, the other thing we are seeing is that it is being driven a bit by geography. And so, as we have added particularly in the real estate owned area, there have been an increase in polices in the west, particularly in California which are having some higher values and we believe that trend is going to continue.
Edward A. Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I guess the... the other questions, just some clarifications. Could you give us in Solutions what Mike did you say the expenses for developing countries were this quarter versus 1Q '07?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer: 7.9 I think was the number and let me try to find it for you.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Ed, it's Craig. Yes, I think it was 7.9 but we also gave you as a percentage of gross rate premium, which was 41% and that was down 14% of part four, so we only not just give the absolute number but we talked a little bit at the workshop about as it being still scaled and that percent should drop, so we started reporting both this quarter. And the spent is pretty much in line with what we talked about at the workshop and I think we are about $8.9 million in the fourth quarter. So overall, I am really comfortable with coming in on plans for as far as the spend and making good progress.
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer: 6.7 in the first quarter of '07 Ed.
Edward A. Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Okay and then what did you say the growth in international written premium was ex-currency?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: The gross written was up 6% was that out of the currency.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: The gross written, but the earned was up substantially more than that.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Earned was up 15x the foreign exchange.
Edward A. Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Okay and that's what I thought you said I mean is that a material slowdown from where we have been running at an ex-currency basis?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean I think a way to think about all these things Ed is especially with the service contracts, you write the business and then it earns out after the manufacturer's warranty expires. So you can see things go up or down in a particular quarter from the economy et cetera, but we feel quite good about our positioning internationally as we're adding more clients.
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer: Yeah I'll just add to that Ed that I'm still very comfortable with our growth trajectory in international. One of the things that's interesting if you look at the U.S. economy and obviously since you make that one on here. Obviously two of our bigger locations internationally are Canada and the U.K., which tend to more closely mirror the U.S. so our longer term vision as I talked about is, as we built scale in other markets around the world it'll insulate us a lot more to any of the downturns in any particular regions. So, and a good example of that would be Latin America. I would love to have more scale already in countries like Mexico and Brazil and we're working real hard to do that because those economies are for the things we care about consumer spending, consumer borrowings are growing pretty nicely. So we are working real hard to build the scale in those other regions, but I'm still very comfortable with where we are in terms of the growth.
Edward A. Spehar - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Schwartz of Raymond James Associates.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Hi, good morning everybody. I've got a few here. First, Mike, could you talk more about... it's along the receivables that I don't know you reverse them or whatever you did with them, in Solutions. Where are those and what line items might they have affected?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We set up a receivable for payments to get over the next six months, Steven as far as I think as can give a kind of more of the business context but really this is a normal part of the business. And Craig, do you want to may be add?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yes absolutely. Steven, what this is, I think is a great example of the risk management process we employed here and I talked about for several quarters. And again as I've discussed, there are several ways we can improve client performance, we can change rates, we need to change terms and condition for contract, we help clients get higher attachments rate and then ultimately we typically would have some type of contractual ability to do we've done here, which is to change prospective commissions so that's really worth the $11.7 million receivable recorded in this quarter where we're recognizing six months of agreed upon reduction in commission by some of our clients. And again, we are required by accounting rules to put that up in this quarter, as a receivable again reduction of future commission. So, yeah, I think the bottom line for me here is it's a great example of when we need to do these things, we have excellent relationships with our clients, and our clients generally get it that these programs need to be sustainable and viable long-term and work very closely with us on really all of these ways to improve performance, but that's what the 11.7 represents this quarter.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think Steven, it's a perfect example of our dual vision we have operating here. In the short term, we have people with our core capabilities Craig mentioned, focusing on the details of the business where at the same time we have our vision on the long-term horizon of how can we do more with these clients, how can we bring in additional clients, how can we identify more vulnerable good niches and I think, Craig and his team have demonstrated that they can operate with that dual vision.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: No, I understand that, I understand the risk management, what I'm trying to get to is the mechanics of this? Are these commissions that were already paid, they haven't been amortized into expense yet that you're going to be getting back? Are they... they are not paying yet, but you've already accrued for them and now you're unaccruing for them, things like that.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: We have an agreement with these clients that we'll receive a stream of payments over the next six months and so because the stream of payments is definite and we can estimate it, we've set up the receivable now. So, we'll get the money in over the next six months.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. But this does not reflect commissions that were retrospective commission basis that you --?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: No.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: All right. That's where I was going. To fill our Keith's discussion of mortgage originations in Ed's discussion, it seems to me that mortgage originations have kind of a conflicting effect if you will, tell me if this is right. Your more originations mean there is going to be more new assurance which means that the TIV is going to go up on what you're all tracking. On the other hand, it would seem to me that, more originations particularly resize might take people out of situations where you would be insuring them?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yes, before I turn it over to Gene, just a comment. Long-term, if we look at this over the long-term, Steven, we think the social policy in this country is going to continue to be focused on homeownership and so our eye is on the number of trackable loans, the number of mortgages outstanding and how we get our fair share, okay. So right now, that number we've identified for you is about $45 million trackable loans. We think that number will grow historically over time. With that as context, I will let Gene make a few comments.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Yes, and we also believe that it is important that confidence be regained in the mortgage process and we certainly believe that it is going to happen and there going to be changes in business practices, we have already seen that in the underwriting side and that underwriting side though has limited significantly the number of new originations and we think it's going to take some time before those come back and I don't think at this point we are too concerned if that's going to have a significant effect certainly in the short term around our continuing growth factors.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And then just a quick one for Don. Just to fill in the topic of health turmoil and I am actually a little bit surprised I mean I thought more people were getting into your business, your sales were up, you say that they benefited from health turmoil which as an insurance analyst would mean to me that people are leaving because of poor profitability. So what exactly do you mean by health turmoil here?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I just think that and I will turn this over to Don, but I will make these comments Steven. We have... our approach has been to focus on the specialty business, we have seen a number of players who are in a variety of markets in healthcare, okay, have seniors, all that. They see the individual market is interesting and they enter.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Right.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: They enter with the skills they have applied in the large case market, those do not work often by themselves and so as the consequence, I think that I would define they have had a denominator problem versus a numerator issue. In other words, they haven't been charging enough premium and I think what Don's folks have seen is they are now making premium adjustments, which make us relatively more competitive.
Donald Hamm - Executive Vice President; President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Health: That's exactly right, Rob. In the first quarter, several of the large national players announced some disappointment and referred to plenty of difficulty in the risk-based businesses and so therefore, we have seen some recent changes in the rates and it reinforces insurance longer term perspective on the business. But we have this intense monitoring cycle that occurs monthly and we stay in top of the emerging business.
Steven D. Schwartz - Raymond James & Associates: Okay great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber of Fox-Pitt.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Adam.
Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Cochran Caronia Walle: Good morning, Rob. Thank you. On the Specialty Property the expense ratio seems like it's settled in around 39%. As volumes continue to increase, is there potential improvement there or are we at four, right now?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Well again. As I have kind of mentioned in previous quarters we do believe that this is a scale business and we do believe that as we continue to ramp our premiums we will continue to achieve the benefits of scale and certainly believe that there is a possibility that we could continue having good expense ratios and potentially improvement.
Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Cochran Caronia Walle: Okay, thank you. On the Solutions business, the premiums earned have rolled through as you explained last year and at the workshop so that's, that good to see. Now that we're seeing a reversal in gross premium, which again is somewhat expected, as we all get 2009 with the lag inherent in the contracts business, even if the gross pay is moderately negative this year, will the earn still be relatively positive next year?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Craig go ahead.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yes, it should be Adam. I mean, remember, we talked about particularly on the service contract that this tend to be up to three to four year contracts, so we have a nice bucket of earn on that despite some downturn in the gross written premium, you'll still see nice earnings follow through on the net earn side. And obviously, our mission here is to really focus on that top line, as we talked about particularly in service contract business, it really are four key growth drivers, Rob mentioned it earlier and we want to keep growing our existing clients and we've seen some of that we actually had some of our clients in the first quarter domestic service contract clients that grew in the first quarter largely because of our strategic program management helping them at the point of sales. If I look at our top line, Mike mentioned, CompUSA that obviously had impact year-over-year on our top line, everyone is aware of Circuit City's downturn, so when I normalize those, we actually had some of the lights spots for the quarter in terms of top line. And we want to get new clients to penetrate the market deeper, keep adding new products in the working space and then we are excited about new distribution channels, we talked about jewelry, we are looking at furniture business now, OEMs, so lot of interesting niches that we're keep pushing out at the top line. And then finally, the international piece, again, we still see great growth opportunities around the various international regions and as I mentioned earlier, we're particularly excited about some of the Latin American countries right now. Specifically, Mexico and Brazil and so roll that out while we certainly have pressures from the economy here and as I mentioned, Canada and U.K. tend to mirror us a little bit. I am still pleased of our progress in this overall growth. Again, our goal is to build a real stable long-term growth platform.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.And I think Craig says its very well, and one of the ways you can just look at the numbers is to relate the gross written to the earned for service contracts in particular where written and earned tend to mirror over time and our written is, substantially ahead of our earned in the service contract business.
Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Cochran Caronia Walle: Right, okay. And finally, I know you prefer to do acquisitions, if the right ones come along, if they don't, at what point are you going to turn around and start doing share buybacks again?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, while I mean as we've said, we're on advice from counsel, we've concluded until the investigation is finished with the SEC, we're not doing buy back. We are not exercised by that at all though today because we see plenty of acquisition opportunities and we think our shareholders would prefer that we acquire businesses where we can grow earnings at attractive returns for them and so our M&A area is probably busier than it's been in sometime and we hope that we're able to make things work on that side of things.
Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Cochran Caronia Walle: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Beth Malone with KeyBanc.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Beth.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning and congratulations on the quarter
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just a couple of things. On the real estate partnership that you had last year, but not this year, is that part of the market conditions in the real estate or is that just a timing issue?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me have Chris comment on that little bit, because he is best positioned to talk about that Beth.
Christopher J. Pagano - Executive Vice President and Treasurer; President and Chief Investment Officer, Assurant Asset Management: Hi, Beth. A couple of things. When we think about the real estate specialty asset class, there are other two things that we are trying to accomplish right now the first is to grow the portfolio. And again, the objective here is to perhaps maybe as much as double the existing $150 million we've got in exposure, but the second thing is and then key to the profitability of this asset class for us over the long-term is our ability to be opportunistic, and when you think about the first half of 2007, the opportunities were clearly on the sell site. We sold into what we saw is an aggressively bid market carrying back in particular a lot of our office exposure, we went through the second half, went through a period of what I would call price discovery and that sort of spilled over into the first quarter of '08 where sellers are looking for 2007 prices, and that's just not where the market is. But we feel now given the strong operating cash flow and the deals that we are seeing which are really better properties on better terms that we'll be able to take advantage of the opportunities on the buy side, further distribute the property and the exposure in the partnerships across the segments and down the road deliver, continue to deliver a well distributed investment income from sales.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. And then one last question on the Solutions division, can you talk a little bit about your effort to work with situations... as obviously economy slowing there is less demand for consumer products as forecast, and how are you managing that like in case of Circuit City where it's under some threats, how do you all manage that?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Craig, you want to talk about that?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Absolutely, Beth. I mean there is a couple of ways, and specific to Circuit City, obviously again, it been... they are a great partner and we are working real hard I think. We believe that increasing service contract sales can be a big part of their rebuilding the company and they believe that. So we work very closely together to help. So we generally view that as an opportunity with these type of clientele right now. But again I go back to these four growth drivers where I don't want to just ebb and flow with the economy and we work very hard at again penetrating our existing clients even farther, which is working, we have clients that are up there in the first quarter, which is encouraging. There is lot of share out there that we don't have particularly, in some of the niches. We talked about our new wireless close with Cricket Wireless at the workshop. We're doing some new testing with people like Wal-Mart and in some markets Canada, Argentina et cetera again, we are excited about new distribution we are making headway in the jewelry space, furniture, RV, power sports, OEM, so really pushing hard at all of these and again not just waiting on the economy and I think Rob talked about dual vision earlier, I talked to our group, we came to call it telescoping in that we try to focus in real hard in times like this on the profitability and making sure that we are most constantly improving client profitability then sort of pulling the telescope back and looking at the horizon out there for these other opportunities, niches and ways to grow the business.
Beth Malone - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jukka Lipponen of KPW.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jukka.
Jukka Lipponen - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Good morning, Rob. Back to the Solutions and the growth outlook, can you discuss your expectations now for the domestic service contract business in terms of the gross premium trend and I think in the past you felt like in prior recessions your business necessarily didn't decline. Now we saw some of the premium sale on a gross basis down in this quarter. So can you give us color on that and then also as a part of that, there's been a weaker economy improve or hinder your opportunities in winning new domestic service contract clients?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Craig you want to comment on that?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yes, absolutely. You get the... the two big impacts again on our top line to gross written domestic service contracts are really CompUSA and the slow down in Circuit. As I've just mentioned, Circuit, we are encouraged by, they are great partners, we are working real hard to help them improve results, obviously that's good for both of us. Comp is nothing I can do about, I mean it's 130 stores, it was a big producer, obviously, they have closed those stores, so that will be a drain on as this year. It's hard to make up for that level of volume. But again, I think what's important for us is to peel back that onions, okay, what's happening beyond those two events that we've talked about publicly and again that's why I see encouragement. We had clients that were up this quarter, which is encouraging. Joe talked a little bit, at the workshop about... those parts of the services contract business that are still pretty healthy. Flat panel TV been a great example where sales on those are still strong and it appears they will continue to be through out the year. So what we do in situation like that is to really push at those product items specifically and how can we help our clients improve results on stuff that is moving. The other big factor for us is the wireless space. We're very interested in the wireless space; we're obviously in it now. I think gaining some momentum. The good news is we don't have much of that share so we're going to continue to pursue the wireless space more diligently. On your second question, in terms of the economy and does that improve our position in terms of new clients, we really haven't seen that right now. And we have strong competitors domestically, so we haven't really seen a lot of opportunistic sort of things going on right now in terms of the economy. At the client level, I will tell you, I think one of the things that's interesting right now and we are sort of anticipating some help here with these tax rebates that are now getting in people's hands, we are hopeful that people buy more flat screens of those. We will see how that develops.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, just one point to add because I think we've been very diligent at applying those core capabilities while Craig has had all this going on he has also taken that global client management capability and applied it internationally, which is going to help us. But he has also held something to leverage that across the enterprise. We just had a meeting with leaders that all of the different companies and how can we share these core capabilities, that's a good example. We have another one that Gene is kind of leading up on call centers, and we are getting people together on the call center side and seeing if we can improve our productivity there, that's something that can help in Craig's area. So we are always looking to tighten things down as much as we can, you could service our clients better during these times.
Jukka Lipponen - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: And Craig, can you give us about update on your efforts in China?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yes, it's actually been an exciting quarter for us. We have opened our service contract office in China and actually, I believe just two weeks ago, welcomed our new general manager to run our service contract company in China and we just got a terrific candidate with lots of great experience and its exciting for us and I mentioned this before what we see happening is our ability to attract talent now and our international expansion is really improving. It's hard when you start up and you are not a known brand and you're new to this expansion and now we've been at it for 6 or 7 years, we are starting to build some scale and some excitement around it. We are really able to attract some talent. We are in active conversation in China with a number of the retailers. At this point, it's very early the game, so it's really hard to predict when those clients will start to come our way, but we are using the same template that, I think we've proven in other countries where we are going and on a very organized basis building our service network, putting our systems in and basically getting organized. So I look forward to update you in the coming quarters on the progress there.
Jukka Lipponen - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: And lastly, Rob, I think any updates you can give us on the SEC front.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Jukka, we continue to work toward resolution there. Obviously, what we can do is focus on the things we can control. I think we are being responsive there. The SEC we cannot control and obviously, they have lots of my items I am sure for considerations and we need to understand that in terms of the things that they on their docket.
Jukka Lipponen - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vinay Misquith of Credit Suisse
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. A few questions. First, on the number of loans tracked, could you just give me update on how many prime and subprime loan you track right now?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Sure, it remained relatively consistent with the previous quarter. We are up... we had about a 26.5 million prime loans and around 4.125 subprime loans.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: So that excludes the 630,000 going to last...
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: That is correct.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: And you do plan to get 170,000 new subprime loans on April 1.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: That actually includes those 170 subprime loans as well.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Sure. And that you got on April 1 versus Jan 1.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Yes, we actually have loaded them into our system as of now and we are starting to sent letter and start produce premiums.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Okay great. And could you remind me as to whether you have agreements with the bank and the servicers for forced placement on the prime loans like you have on the subprime policy?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: I'm not quite sure I understood that, are you talking about real estate owned or...
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Yes, yes because on your REO properties you have contracts with your servicers to force place them for a subprime, but I was wandering about on the prime side do you have similar contract?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Right. That really is some what of a mixed bag. I'm not going to say we don't have contracts because we actually do have contracts with some producers. Generally though, a lot of the sub prime loans maybe loans that are held actually by Fannie and Freddie who kind of have their own programs. Some of those that are still prime loans that could be securitized with other third parties, yes we might have their REOs, but in general most of the REO program that we have are related to our subprime producers.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. So if we see an uptick on the prime side, we shouldn't presume that you guys are going to benefit significantly from that, correct?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Well as we have seen, we have seen some increases in penetration. It is one of our growth drivers, even on the prime side, so as delinquencies and foreclosures rise we are getting some foreclosure activity, but even as delinquencies rise, we are getting some increases in penetration. Not likely to the extent that we have seen it though on the subprime side.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. And one last question. On the extended service warranty business, what's your combined ratio on the domestic side excluding the favorable prime settlement?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I believe the number is right around 100 million.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Can you repeat the question again?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Excluding the settlement.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Excluding the settlement was about 100.6.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Sure. And your target is high 90s correct? So you're pretty close to your target and you still have maybe one or two contracts that are still underperforming but that should be back to normal pretty soon?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yes Vinay, this is Craig. That's right. We still I mean... I think about our risk management process on the service contract, it is a continual process and it's the nature of this business. I mean you have to be really good at this to hit your profitability target over time in this business and that's what we do. There will always be clients that are performing better than expected and some that worse than expected; it's our ability to identify those things. Work on them and quickly get plans in place to resolve it. Obviously, you saw a big example of that this quarter with the receivable we put up. But again, we are constantly looking at the raise at the terms and conditions not only improve administrative process, expenses, how can we help with penetration at the point of sale. All these factors really build into the ultimate profitability and so that is a continual process for us. And again, just a big part of our core competency is to continue to invest in the risk management component.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Cholnoky of Goldman Sachs.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Tom.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, everybody. Just a couple of small questions and I don't know if you've disclosed this in the past. But could you just give us some sense of how much CompUSA may have hurt you in the quarter? And what kind of comparisons are we going up against in terms of the business you have with them?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yes Tom, We don't disclose the client specific percent, but what I can tell you, they were a nice-sized client, I mean obviously with a 130 stores that is a meaningful piece of business and that's been a very good client for long time. Again, what I will tell you is that when I peel back the onion in the quarter, sort of normalized comp USA still being here and sort of where Circuit was and where we would hope they would be in the future as we continue to work with them, when I peel those two back, there's a lot of encouraging signs even on our top line. So, again, I don't want to discount the pressure of the economy out there and obviously retail sales have slowed, but I go back to those four drivers and our service contract team and our number we've got to meet some, some of Gordan and his team at our workshop, they are very energized around these four drivers and work very hard to make all of them work.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Let me try to ask maybe the question little bit differently then. As we go through the next couple of quarters, did your CompUSA business steadily declined in the latter half of '07 so that in fact it should be less of a headwind for you in terms of comparisons?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: It did decline in the latter half of the year but obviously when...
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Well I know you got a foreclosing.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Right, so it's out there certainly the rest of this year on --
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Okay
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: That's on a year-over-year basis.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the other thing Tom is again, just like with Gene's business, Craig is aligned with a lot of the industry leaders and what we hope is the people who are going to Comp stores go to one of our other client stores and purchase something.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: I hope so too. The other question... two questions I have, Rob, in the past, I think you've mentioned in passing that Balboa might be an interest, is there any thing there, any update potentially?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yes, I mean... certainly that is a business we would be interested in, saying that, I think until, things between BOA and Countrywide close, I don't think there's going to be a focus by BOA on what they might do with that. Gene, you want to comment anything further?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Yes, I would just tend to agree with that. I think even in that case though, we still have to evaluate what we would have to pay for that business versus our ability to win the business and we'll continue to do that certainly.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Right. And then I guess finally, I know you're coming up to your cap program, any kind of initial senses from your brokers on what you might expect in terms of the renewal process?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Well yes, certainly I would love to comment on that. We're actually very excited about our re-insurance program this year and again kind of our disciplined execution around risk management and that's a big component of it. As I've mentioned, we did place about half of our program as of January 1, and we were very happy because we were able to not only fill out our top end, but we were able to keep the retentions at similar levels to what we had previously. Coming up June 1 now, we will be going out for the rest of our program, both on the per-occurrence as well as any sort of cat aggregate, we may get. Again, protecting our core balance sheet but then opportunistically buying to the extent that we feel like we are getting good pricing for the risk transfer. Again, I think we are excited about that, we've had meetings with many of our current reinsurers as well as well as some further prospect reinsurers, we believe the cat capacity is available, and we believe that the pricing is going to be good flat to better, so I think we are excited about the reinsurance prospects, excited about our program and I think will be able to share that with you some time in June, consistent with what we've done with you in previous years.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Right. Just as reminder, where is your per-occurrence net right now?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Per-occurance net, it's been at $90 million.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: $90 million, Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hall with Wachovia.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning, Rob. Just real quick, I was wondering if there were any reserve releases to speak of in Specialty Property line of business and I have got a couple of follow ups.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: No, there is nothing out of the ordinary, john.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets: Great. There's been a few stories out there in the press mostly anecdotal about the condition of properties that are coming in or out of foreclosure. Are you seeing any thing out there to support what they are talking about in terms of appliances leaving and properties being treated or mistreated.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.Go ahead, Gene.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Sure. This is a product that we have been writing for a number of years and again, I think our primary focus there is to again focus on the may be the combined ratios associated with that product. So we will run slightly higher loss ratios in that product line, but we have less expenses associated with it as well. And we have many triggers that we can pull. Some number of these policies are monthly policies, would gives us the opportunity to adjust rates. We also have numerous programs associated with deductibles and we can increase deductibles to the extent that we need to and lastly, we are actually not covering contents. So, some of those issues that you are hearing about, would not be our liability to begin with.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets: So appliances with legs.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, there are certain things. The copper pipes we cover so...
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets: Got you. And then just finally, you know the loss experience net business has been very good obviously there is some favorable catastrophe experience long as well. You addressed sort of a scale factor around the expense ratio, is there any scaling, positive scaling issues associated with the loss side of the equation?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Well I think when it comes down to losses, I think obviously we've very pleased with the results. Again, I think around our risk management capabilities and our strengths there, we focus a lot on the spread of risk and I think that has helped us particularly in light of even some of the weather events that we had here in the first quarter, so I think that's out.
John Hall - Wachovia Capital Markets: Great, thank you very much.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you John.
Operator: Our final question comes from Dan Johnson of Citadel Investments.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Dan.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Good morning. Firstly, couple of remaining questions related to the economy. John already asked about the vacant house losses; let's look at two other please. How do you see the environment or should use higher unemployment scenario, impacting two areas. The first one is what have we seen historically with individual health sales? And then secondly, within Solutions, you have some products that are sensitive to unemployment trends. There is some level of concerns that has unemployment ticks up that you could see some definitely some increase losses from those products. Could you talk a little bit about how sensitive those products are to unemployment trends? Thank you very much.
Donald Hamm - Executive Vice President; President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Health: Dan, I will start off, this is Don Hamm. Historically, there is been a slight positive impact on the individual medical business from increasing unemployment. That does tend to generate a few more people, starting their own business and moving companies and although it's not a significant driver, either seen to be a slight positive as the economy does get a bit worse. Because healthcare is one of those products that people are really focus on maintaining the coverage for.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Hey Dan, it's Craig, let me talk a about the Solutions piece. I think what you're referring to is that we include in our bundled credit insurance debt product an unemployment coverage component and historically, that has not moved a lot with unemployment trends. It would have to be a very dramatic shift in that to really move the needle a lot on the loss ratio there, and really for a couple reasons. One, we tend to... the general trend has been to get a little bit higher penetration rates and people more aware of the economy, more concerned about losing their jobs, and then we tend to do a little better on the penetration rates. We also see balances going up on credit cards, which drives more premiums obviously through our systems. But then ultimately, these are pretty mature product lines as you know and most of this business is reinsurance, so we are really not on the risk on most this business any way.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Most of the reinsured back to the current issuer or there is some third party?
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: They are typically to the financial institution, yes.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: And Dan, obviously, our benefits business can be impacted by unemployment as well. John, you want to comment on that?
John S. Roberts - Interim President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Employee Benefits: Sure, Rob. Historically, the disability business has had been impacted by changes in unemployment. And if you look back over the prior two recessionary periods, most of the impact, the change in claim incidents occurred in large cases, cases of over 1000 lives. And I believe that our focus on the small case business is going to insulate us a lot from that. The other thing that we paid a lot of attention to 2Q is not having much exposure in any particular SIC code or geographic area and our two largest exposures, and again they are small in the low teens, are in education and the healthcare area, both of which should not be impacted by these trends. So I feel like the strategy is working for us.
S. Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Hey Dan, its Craig, let me just jump back in on Solutions real quick, but I think an interesting point on we call, IUI coverage here. It's a real big part of course of our global strategy and while it's not really growing domestically, our knowledge of those just talking about sort of what happens in these trends, is real helpful to us as we've taken this product to new countries and being able to price it, where there is usually some concern and some uncertainty about how to do that and we are able to leverage 50 years of data and experience on this and in other countries.
Dan Johnson - Citadel Investments: Great. Thanks very much for the answers.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, we are pleased to be off to a strong start in 2008. The enduring quality of our diversified specialty insurance model continues to produce excellent results for our shareholders. We will manage our short term challenges, while we continue to focus on pursuing growth opportunities with our eyes on the long-term horizon. We thank you for joining us today and look forward to updating you on our progress.
Operator: This does conclude Assurant's first quarter conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-07 19:30:00) =====
Executives: Melissa Kivett - Sr. VP IR Robert B. Pollock - President and CEO Craig Lemasters - President and CEO, Assurant Solutions. Michael J. Peninger - EVP; Interim CFO Kerry Clayton - President and CEO (Emeritus), Assurant.
Analysts: Keith Walsh - Citigroup Adam Klauber - Fox-Pitt Kelton Mark Hughes - SunTrust Elizabeth Malone - Keybanc Capital John Hall - Wachovia Capital William Wilt - Morgan Stanley Jukka Lipponen - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Steven Schwartz - Raymond James Dan Johnson - Citadel
Operator: Welcome to the Assurant fourth quarter 2007 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Melissa Kivett, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead Ms. Kivett.
Melissa Kivett - Senior Vice President Investor Relations: Thank you Cheryl. Welcome to Assurant's 2007 fourth quarter and year-end conference call. Joining me with prepared remarks are Rob Pollock, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant; Mike Peninger, our Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Craig Lemasters, President and Chief Executive Officer of Assurant Solutions. I'm also pleased to be joined by other members of our senior leadership team, who'll be available for questions you have. Don Hamm, President and CEO of Assurant Health; Gene Mergelmeyer, President and CEO of Assurant Specialty Property; John Roberts, Interim President and CEO of Assurant Employee Benefit; Chris Pagano, our Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer; and Kerry Clayton, President and CEO Emeritus of Assurant. Prepared remarks will last approximately 30 minutes, after which time we'll open the call to questions. This morning we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter 2007 financial results. The press release as well as corresponding supplementary financial information may be found on our website at assurant.com. Some of the statements we make during this call may contain forward-looking information. Our actual results may differ materially from such statements. We advise you to read the discussions of risks and uncertainties associated with our business and results of operations contained in our SEC filings, which can be accessed from our website. Additionally, this presentation will contain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company's performance. For more detailed disclosures on these non-GAAP measures, the most comparable GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of the two, please refer to this morning's earnings press release and supplementary financial information posted on our website. Before I turn the call over to Rob, let me mention that we continue to cooperate fully with the SEC in order to resolve the ongoing investigation. Timing is extremely difficult to predict, but we continue to focus on resolving this matter. While we understand that you may have questions, this confidential inquiry is still ongoing and therefore we cannot provide any further detail. And now it's give me great pleasure to welcome back Rob Pollock, our President and Chief Executive Officer.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Melissa. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. It's great to be back with you all on this call. Before I begin, I want to recognize and thank Kerry Clayton. Kerry, what can I say, you returned as quarter back of Team Assurant without missing a beat. You have again done a marvelous job in leading the company. On behalf of our employees, customers, and shareholders I would like to express my appreciation for all you've done Kerry, and wish you all the best as you enter what I have heard you describe as the blissful world of retirement later this month. Assurant's results this year again demonstrate the strength and continuity inherent in our diversified specialty insurance strategy as we continue our pursuit of long-term profitable growth in key areas, including creditor-placed homeowners, service contracts, international expansion, individual medical, and the small case employee benefits market. By continuing to execute on our strategy, we have built upon a strong financial foundation even in a slowing economy delivering growth in net operating earnings per share and book value per share while maintaining excellent operating ROEs. Assurant Specialty Property continued to leverage its leading position in creditor-placed homeowners to deliver record net earned premiums and excellent profitability. Growth in creditor-placed homeowners can primarily be attributed to the rise in average insured values for property and increased policy placement rates. Net operating income also benefited from mild weather and excellent combined ratios. Assurant Solutions made steady progress in 2007 by focusing on its three targeted growth areas; international, extended service contracts, and preneed. We executed on our focused strategy by making three fold-in acquisitions to support our business. Internationally, we made two acquisitions in the U.K to support our niche play of selling credit insurance through mortgage intermediaries. In the U.S,. our acquisition of Mayflower has already had a positive impact on our results and we are pleased with the extension of our exclusive distribution partnership with SCI through September 2013. Craig Lemasters is here today and will discuss the results for Solutions in more detail. Assurant Health's net operating income and net earned premiums for the year are both down compared to a year ago resulting mainly from the decline in small group insurance. However, we continue to deliver strong ROEs and maintained excellent combined ratios while growing net earned premiums in individual medical, our targeted growth area. Our key challenges are sales and membership in our individual medical business. We remain committed to a prudent disciplined approach to long-term profitable growth in individual despite an increasingly competitive environment and we are well positioned with the tools to compete. These tools include our risk management capabilities, our comprehensive product portfolio which is growing as we design additional products for the individual consumer, and our ability to reach customers through a variety of distribution channels. Advantage Agent is a great example of our proprietary technology, which bundles all of these tools. Assurant Employee Benefits again made a solid contribution to profits while continuing to focus on the small employer market, those with less than 500 employees. Overall, the declines in net earned premium have slowed and we feel this is a positive indicator of our progress. We have also continued to enjoy favorable loss experience and improving persistency. Throughout 2007, we've seen strong sales momentum and have continued solidifying our relationship with brokers who emphasize the small employer market. As a result of the changes we have made over the past two years, we are optimistic that we will begin to see net earned premium growth during 2008. Turning to overall corporate matters. Assurant continues to maintain its disciplined approach to capital management. Our balance sheet and capital position both remained strong. Our book value is growing and we have maintained the low debt to capital ratio. Our operating return on equity for 2007 was 17.8%, which we believe places us in the top quartile for the industry. Let me turn next to our excess capital position. Due to our ongoing SEC investigation, legal counsel has advised us against reinstating our share repurchase program at this time. We will keep you apprised when the situation changes. But in the current economic environment, our capital position and strong balance sheet provides the needed flexibility to capitalize on potential market dislocations. With respect to our capital position, we started 2007 with approximately $450 million of excess capital and ended the year with about $250 million. In 2007, strong operating results in the Mayflower consolidation allowed our subsidiaries to dividend over $400 million while supporting the capital requirements arising from our business growth. In terms of uses, we made acquisitions totaling $200 million, we paid interest to bond holders of $40 million, and returned money to our shareholders through dividends of $55 million and stock repurchases of $313 million. So, in summary, even in the context of a slowing economy, our results continue to demonstrate the value of our diversified specialty insurance strategy. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Craig Lemasters. Craig?
Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Thanks Rob. It truly is terrific having you sitting next to us this morning. So, again welcome back and good morning everyone. At Assurant Solutions, we continued to make steady progress in our key targeted growth areas. International gross written premium is up 22% year-over-year and service contracts are up 16%. Preneed sales are poised to grow in our extended exclusive relationship with SCI, the largest funeral home chain in North America. We continue to execute our targeted M&A strategy as investment income grew as a result of our acquisition of the preneed insurance company, Mayflower. We also completed several foreign acquisitions, which we expect should accelerate our growth and enhance our market position over the long-term. Assurant Solutions' fourth quarter net operating income of $32.3 million was down 19% versus the fourth quarter of 2006. Our quarterly results included two offsetting items, a $3.8 million after-tax benefit from a completed client commission reconciliation project and $3.4 million after-tax loss from a client related settlement. Net operating income for 2007 was $143.9 million, a 9% decrease compared to 2006. Now I like to give you some perspective on the decline for both the quarter and the year and why we are optimistic for the future. Domestically, the decline is primarily due to the previously disclosed loss of a debt deferment client in late 2006 and higher domestic combined ratios due to less favorable service contract loss experience. Internationally, our combined ratios are up due to $8.9 million of investments made for developing countries in the quarter and $31.1 million for the year to support our international expansion as well as a modest increase in overall expenses to support our growing international infrastructure. Overall, we continue to focus on improving profitability in our service contract business by pulling various levers such as changing rates, revising terms and conditions of contracts, and changing deductibles. We can also improve claims administration and reduce client commissions to improve profitability. The two service contract clients we've previously mentioned demonstrated improving results and we expect this to continue. We are optimistic about the impact of our acquisitions of Centrepoint Insurance and Swansure Group in the U.K. last year. Both deals expand our distribution and geographic footprint in the U.K. and build scale for our administrative servicing platform. As a result of the accounting for the intangible assets acquired, we have incurred amortization and integration costs of $2.2 million after-tax in 2007. After completing purchase accounting, the combination of the two transactions are expected to be minimally dilutive in 2008. These products cover life visibility and unemployment on monthly payments and with the acquisition of these expanded distribution channels, we are well positioned in the U.K. mortgage credit insurance market by giving us additional access to new clients, better customer relationships, and excellent technologies. And consistent with our opportunistic and prudent M&A strategy, we also acquired Mayflower this year as part of the extension of our exclusive distribution agreement with SCI. We were able to extract $45 million of excess capital from this acquisition. Our international growth strategy is based on the principle of achieving better margins, which we believe can we accomplished through more growth opportunities that are available domestically. We continue to see many attractive long-term opportunities outside of the U.S. We currently have six countries in the development stage; Spain, Germany, Denmark, Italy, Mexico, and China. And as previously mentioned we do not plan on entering any new countries in 2008 given the opportunities we have in these existing new markets. International combined ratios while up for the quarter and the year will improve as we build scale. And despite some of the pressures on our combined ratios, we remain optimistic about our long-term profitable growth prospects in our targeted growth areas, both domestically and abroad. Solutions net earned premiums were up 10% to $678.8 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 7% to $2.5 billion for the full year of 2007. This increase is being driven by the continued growth in our domestic and international service contract business. Also, the Mayflower acquisition added $8 million of premium to the fourth quarter and $17 million of premium for the year. Despite slowdowns in the retail sales environment and the bankruptcy of one of our service contract clients, gross written premiums for our domestic service contracts grew 5% in the quarter. The increase was primarily driven by strong holiday sales by key clients as well as production from our new wireless client, Leap Wireless International, through their cricket branded locations. Overall domestic gross written premiums were down slightly due to the decline in domestic credit insurance. And for the full year, domestic gross written premiums were up 6% again primarily due to the strong growth in service contracts with existing clients. International gross written premiums were up 20% in the quarter and 22% for the year primarily due to the continued strong growth in service contracts particularly from Canada, Brazil, and Argentina. We are also seeing growth in our international credit business. The income increase for the quarter due to the growth of our domestic and international service contract businesses and was down only slightly for the year despite the loss of a debt protection client we previously disclosed. Assurant Solutions' net investment income increased 9% for the quarter and the year. These increases resulted from higher invested assets from the growth of our service contract business and from the Mayflower acquisition as well as increased real estate income for the year. Overall, I am very pleased with our continued progress in our targeted growth areas. We continue to remain focused on improving our combined ratios and ROE. To help broadly understanding of our business, I hope many of you will join us next month in Miami as Assurant Solutions' management team provides a deep dive into our business and for those of you unable to attend, we will also be webcasting the workshop presentation. So, stay tuned for more details. Now I'd like to turn to call over to Mike.
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Craig for sharing those valuable insights on Assurant Solutions with us today. Assurant's net operating income during the fourth quarter of 2007 was up 13% to $155 million or $1.29 per diluted share led by the continued strong performance of Assurant Specialty Property. For the year, net operating income increased 15% to $694 million or $5.72 per diluted share. Net earned premiums increased 11% for the quarter mainly due to strong growth in Assurant Specialty Property as credit replaced homeowners business and growth in Assurant Solutions service contract and preneed insurance businesses. For the year, net earned premiums were up 8% driven by Assurant Specialty Property. Net investment income grew 8% during the quarter and year to $197.8 million and $799.1 million respectively. The increases were driven primarily by growth in invested assets. Net income in the fourth quarter of 2007 decreased 52% to $120.8 million. In the fourth quarter, we realized $6.6 million in after-tax losses as we reduced our exposure to several sectors that were negatively impacted by the deteriorating credit markets. In addition, we recorded $27 million of after-tax realized losses due to other than temporary impairments in our investment portfolio. These included approximately $4 million after-tax out of our $40 million aggregate subprime ABS holdings of 2006 vintage. Our impairment decisions based on the uncertainties surrounding the current credit market continue our proving conservative approach to asset management. Let me also point out that all of the securities we wrote down continued to pay principal and interest and we have already seen noticeable market value improvements in January. Net income in the fourth quarter of 2006 was positively impacted by $63.9 million after-tax from the sale of our interest in the PHCS Network and $40.5 million for a favorable legal settlement. As a result, net income for 2007 was down 9% to $653.7 million, which includes $31.3 million of after-tax losses… realized losses from other than temporary impairments in the investment portfolio. Craig covered Assurant Solutions, so now let me turn to the results from our other businesses. Assurant Specialty Property had a remarkably strong year on the both the top and bottom lines. Fourth quarter net operating income was up 56% to $99.9 million and grew 57% for the year to $379.2 million. Growth in net operating income can be attributed mainly to the continued growth in creditor-placed homeowner’s insurance and continued excellent combined ratios driven by exceptionally mild weather and our ability to leverage the benefits of scale. Our catastrophe losses from the California wild fires totaled $22.2 million after-tax net of reinsurance for the fourth quarter and the year compared with no catastrophe losses in the fourth quarter of 2006 and $4.5 million after-tax for the full year of 2006. Net earned premiums driven by continued organic growth from the creditor-placed business increased 36% to $476.4 million in the fourth quarter and 39% to $1.7 billion for the full year. Full year results also benefited from the 2006 acquisition of Safeco's creditor-placed business. Growth in the business was driven by several key factors. First, average insured value per property rose to $157,000 in the fourth quarter, up 17% from the fourth quarter of 2006. Second, we continued to see increases in the penetration rates in our subprime loan portfolios. Subprime penetration rates are now in the range of 6% to 15%. Prime portfolio penetration rates remained within our historical range of 1% to 2%. Real estate owned loans represented about 19% of creditor-placed written premiums in the fourth quarter of 2007, up from 18% in the prior quarter and up from 11% in the fourth quarter of 2006. Third, we added 170,000 subprime loans during the fourth quarter by wining new business, which helped to offset the loss through industry consolidation of 630,000 subprime loans that we mentioned last quarter. We feel confident that our leadership position in the creditor-placed homeowners market combined with our alignment with market leaders positions us well to benefit from future consolidations and win new business. Even with the outstanding growth in the business, we are pleased that our geographic spread of business has remained relatively consistent. Creditor-placed insurance in our real estate owned properties helped to diversify and improve our spread of risk and we continue to actively manage this exposure. Also on the risk management arena I am pleased to report that we recently placed half of our primary catastrophic reinsurance layers for 2008. Due to the exceptional growth of the business we purchased an additional $110 million of coverage increasing our upper limit to $660 million. We maintained our $90 million base deductible program and we are also able to obtain lower rates in a softer pricing market. We'll update you on the full program once it has been placed later this year. Specialty Property results also reflect a 43% increase in investment income during the fourth quarter and a 35% increase for the year due to the increase in invested assets that was fueled by the growth of the business. Assurant Health delivered solid earnings during the fourth quarter and for the year despite an increasingly competitive landscape. Fourth quarter 2007 net operating income was $38 million, up 3% compared to the same period of 2006. Results for the quarter benefited from $2.5 million after-tax from a legal settlement. Net operating income for 2007 was $151.7 million, down 10% from 2006. The decrease for the year reflects the decline in small group net earned premiums and less favorable small group experience, partially offset by net earned premium growth and favorable loss experience in our targeted growth area of individual medical. Our combined ratio for the fourth quarter was 91.5%, and was 92% for the year. These represent a decrease of 80 basis points for the quarter and an increase of 60 basis points compared to 2006, still excellent by industry standards. Net earned premiums in the fourth quarter of 2007 were down 2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. Individual medical net earned premiums grew by 4%, primarily due to higher premiums per member. This was offset however by a 13% decline in small group premiums. Net earned premiums for 2007 decreased 2% to $2.05 billion. Continued growth in individual medical premiums during the quarter and the year was offset by a decline in small group premiums. The individual medical market has become increasingly competitive as established players and new regional entrants more aggressively target this growing segment of the health insurance market. Individual medical sales were up 7% for the year, but dropped in the quarter reflecting the competitive environment and our pricing discipline. Despite the competition, we remain confident of our ability to maintain our leading position in individual medical over the long term. We'll leverage our deep understanding of the health business and use our core skills and risk management to achieve long-term profitable growth while delivering a strong ROE. At Assurant Employee Benefits, net operating income decreased 17% during the fourth quarter to $16.2 million. Results declined primarily due to a slight increase in the loss experience as a result of a $2.1 million after-tax adjustment to reflect New York State's clarification of certain disability contract provisions and a decline in investment income. Group disability experience continued to be favorable. Dental and life loss experience though still performing well were not as favorable as in 2006's fourth quarter. For the year, net operating income rose 4% to $87 million driven by continued favorable overall loss experience particularly in-group disability. The business also benefited from an additional $9.2 million of after-tax real estate investment income compared to 2006. Fourth quarter net earned premiums increased 4% to $291.6 million. This increase was driven primarily by a single premium of $14.3 million from a closed block of group disability business. For the year, net earned premiums decreased 3% to $1.14 billion, due mainly to the continued implementation of our small case strategy and adherence to our pricing discipline. We continued to solidify and build upon the gains we've made over the past few years with our focus on the small employer market. We have seen an increase in sales for the year as we gained momentum in this market and have seen favorable loss experience due to pricing discipline and our focus on the small case market. We believe the small businesses we've chosen to focus on have more favorable risk characteristics relative to larger employers in these times of economic uncertainty. For the year, we saw a 25% increase over all in the number of cases sold in our targeted growth market of under 500 lives, including a 44% increase in dental cases. We continue to benefit from the network agreement we launched a year ago and have seen strong sales momentum in dental throughout the year. Next, in our corporate and other results, we reported a net operating loss of $27.4 million for the fourth quarter 2007 compared to a loss of $19.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. Higher losses are mainly due to $4.3 million of after-tax expense during the quarter relating to the ongoing SEC investigation regarding certain loss mitigation products. The fourth quarter 2007 results include $6.4 million of net tax expense associated with changes in certain tax liabilities compared with $6.2 million of similar tax... net tax expenses in the fourth quarter of 2006. Our corporate and other net operating loss for 2007 was $49.4 million compared to a loss of $32.8 million during 2006. The higher loss for the year was primarily due to $7.5 million of after tax expense related to the SEC investigation and $3.7 million of additional net tax expense associated with changes in certain tax liabilities. Our balance sheet remained strong. As of December 31, 2007 total assets were $26.8 billion and total shareholders' equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, was $4 billion. Book value per diluted share excluding AOCI grew 13% in 2007 to $33.73. Our debt-to-capital ratio excluding AOCI improved to 19.7% another indication of our financial strength. Given general market concerns about investment portfolios, let me speak to the benefits of the discipline we apply to our portfolio. First, our total invested assets are approximately $14 billion and are composed almost exclusively of fixed-income securities. Direct subprime exposure is roughly $80 million or less than 1% of the total portfolio and we have no ALT-A or subprime related collateralized debt obligations. Insured municipal bonds comprised less than 2% of our portfolio and have an average underlying credit rating of AA. We have a well diversified portfolio of commercial mortgage loans, which represents just over 10% of the portfolio and has an average loan-to-value ratio of just under 40%. In summary, Assurant's continued focus on the disciplined execution of its proven strategy delivered strong results for shareholders this year. By leveraging our core capabilities and expertise in the specialized markets we operate in, we continue to make steady progress in our key targeted growth areas. Now, I like to turn things back to Rob to open the floor for questions.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mike. Before I open the floor for questions, I wanted to take a moment to reflect on the achievements over the last year and our progress since we went public in early 2004. In May of 2007, Assurant was added to the S&P 500 index reflecting our steady execution as a public company. We have expanded our statistical supplement several times to improve transparency and in 2007 we focused on our solutions business. In 2007, we held our third Investor Day and our first business workshop. The workshop focused on our Specialty Property business to provide our investors with further insights into our business model. In 2007, we increased our quarterly dividend per share by 20% and since becoming public, the dividend has increased over 70%. In 2007, we repurchased 5.7 million of shares for $313 million. This brings our total repurchases to nearly 26 million shares and $1.14 billion. In 2007, we made several small fold-in acquisitions to support our targeted growth areas continuing our successful activity that began in 2006. So, as we turn the page to 2008, we believe Assurant remains well positioned for the future. And now operator we're ready for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Keith Walsh with Citigroup.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Keith.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Just wanted to say, Rob, welcome back and thanks to Kerry for stepping up as well. Couple of questions. First for Gene. I was a little surprised to hear that the prime delinquency penetrations really haven't changed. I'm looking at the mortgage data and I see those rates continue to tick up every single quarter and just curious why you haven't seen that expand out of the 1% to 2% penetration rate you guys have talked about. And then if you're seeing any opportunities from Banc of America, Countrywide with the Balboa, any dislocation there you guys can take advantage of and then I've got a follow up for Craig. Thanks.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Okay. Thanks Keith. And I'll try and give you some clarification around those areas. We have seen small increases in our prime penetrations, but we're still within our 1% to 2% range. So, we didn't specifically disclose those. We are seeing both delinquencies and foreclosures spike up in the prime side, some of that is being driven by some of the second mortgages, which we typically don't have opportunity to place on and we also don't necessarily write the REO coverages like we do... intend to do on the subprime mortgages. So, you're going to see some... I think you're going to see some increase in penetration not quite as dramatic as we've seen on the subprime side, but we certainly feel that we're well positioned based on the macro economic conditions in the mortgage market.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Yes Gene, just a follow-up on that really quick. Based on past... let's say issues in the mortgage market going back... however long you can, 10 years, 15 years; how high has this penetration gotten in the prime book in the past?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Well, I don't know that I can go back that far and look at penetrations. I think we looked at the business a lot differently in those days as well and there was a lot less subprime lending going on at those points of time. You can even go back just three and four years and it was just a fraction of what it has been. So, I don't know that that's really going to be relevant as we look at going forward. I could try and address your other discussion, which is around Banc of America and their purchase of Countrywide. We certainly don't see any downside and we think there could be some upside. To the extent that Banc of America does scale back their wholesale and their subprime lending, like they have discussed, again with our leading market share position and our alignment with kind of the industry leaders, we feel that we could gain some additional growth to the extent that some of our existing partners pick up some of that volume.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Great. And then just for Craig, specifically on the domestic extended service contracts. I guess if consumer spending slows, I guess less people are going be buying domestic service contracts, but I guess I kind of get that. But does the penetration rate change with that as well like will people buy warrant... be less likely to buy a warranty in a recessionary environment then they are in a normalized environment?
Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Keith, we actually tend to see at least in the short-term an uptick in the attachment rates as we refer to it and largely driven by retailers who will need to increase sales as well. So, we are working very hard with our retail clients right now on the whole upfront sales and sales tracking programs that we put into these clients because again our programs become even more important to the retailers. We've also tended to not see a drop off in the value of the products people that like these products, they understand and see the value doesn't tend to fluctuate in these times. But I will tell you, I think one of the real values of our model right now, one of our motivations for as you know the international expansion is in times like this. If we have a downturn in one particular economy as we build scale around the world to a degree it will insulate us and help us to offset that. So, for us it's just further validation of our international expansion.
Keith Walsh - Citigroup: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Adam Klauber with Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Adam.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Good morning Rob and welcome back also. Thanks. I guess for Solutions, will a turn in the margin be evident there in 2008 or is that more of a 2009 before we see material change?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Adam, we don't really comment in terms of the specifics on that type of trend. But I'll tell you what I can tell you is I am, as I reported obviously very excited about the growth we're seeing really both domestically and internationally with 22% outside of U.S. and then the domestic ESC at 16%. So, again I'm very encouraged by that. Our strategy and our niche focus is working not just here, but outside of the U.S. so we are going to continue to push very hard particularly internationally on the scale and that really is our biggest opportunity to continue now to reduce the combined ratio internationally and we've talked about the mid-90s as companies... countries get more mature and we're still very comfortable that that's a valid target for us.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Craig, do you expect investment in '08 and '09 to be at the level it was in '07 in international?
Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Again Adam, we probably won't comment on the specifics of the investment, but I would see it in a similar range. And what we are seeing as these developing countries begin to literally do business and we start to acquire accounts, it is hard to predict because a lot of the initial expense is somewhat of a fixed expense to get the company basically up and running. As we build clients and start to have some success in sales in these countries, that's when we add the variable expense to put on business. Again, if you look at our... the mix of our business, some of that business earns faster like credit insurance tends to do and can contribute so on a net basis, it's not a drag in any given country. Some of it like the warranty business and we're seeing in some countries, the warranty business kind of being the lead product, but as you know that takes longer to earn so there's mismatch then in the expenses we have upfront to really start building these new clients versus the earnings that are coming back in. The other variable in it is China. I've mentioned before that China will be more expensive, which I think everybody experiences to go in there. The systems and people costs are just different in China, so we could see an uptick next year for the China investment as well.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: And Adam, I'd just point out we are conservative. We've mentioned previously that we are not backing any of these expenses Craig is talking about internationally. Okay. So, those are running through the P&L with that upfront fixed cost and we think that's the prudent way to approach the market and very consistent with our overall financial philosophy.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Thanks. One last question. Rob, you mentioned in your initial comments around capital that you are seeing dislocations. Given a tough environment for a lot of financial service companies, does that maybe tilt the balance on the use of capital towards acquisitions over the next 12 to 18 months for you?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: We... Adam, we can't comment on any specifics, but we think the world has really changed from the world of the financial buyer to the world of the strategic buyer and we see ourselves being in that second category.
Adam Klauber – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Mark.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: [inaudible] and prices influence that, is that all? What should we anticipate the trend for next few quarters?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sorry, we missed the beginning of the question Mark. If you could repeat it, we'd appreciate that.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Yes, sure. Well, your average property values, they are still moving up quite nicely in the Specialty Property business. Is there some point at which the declining home prices influence that or are there other drivers that will keep that moving up?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Hey, Mark, thanks. Yes, that is a question we get quite regularly and quite frankly, we haven't seen any of that trend going down. It continues to increase at somewhere around the mid-teen rate. Typically these... these are replacement cost values and they don't vary with home price. They are going to vary more with kind of a global demand for both materials and labor as well as a continued concerted effort by the agents to really get adequate replacement costs on the policies and that trend has continued.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: That's good. And then the average period that the coverage is in effect when you take over I guess especially from a real estate owned property, have those periods extended or how long are those properties under coverage, has that changed?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Well, I can try and comment on that as well. This is certainly unprecedented times to begin with. So, yes, we are seeing some increased durations and they happen in a lot of different phases. As the foreclosed properties are actually staying on the books longer, we are continuing to see our duration in real estate owned policies continue as well. With other delinquencies and things of that sort, we are seeing them appear certainly before they go into foreclosure as well as in for foreclosure and then in cases particularly on the subprime side, we are also picking that up as part of real estate owned.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Beth Malone with Keybanc.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Beth.
Elizabeth Malone – Keybanc Capital: On the Specialty Property, whether in the fourth quarter, did you release any favorable reserves in that quarter?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: No, there were no special reserve releases development.
Elizabeth Malone – Keybanc Capital: Okay, all right. Thank you. And then on the occlusions operations, you mentioned that claims on creditor side continued to rise, is there… is that just as expected or is there some change that would cause that to happen or is that as expected?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Actually I don't know. I don't think we had any unusual items on the credit side. You must have misunderstood or somebody else must have commented. We were very stable. On the credit insurance business, the claims have been... it's a very stable market domestically. We talked about in the overall 2007 results several quarters ago, we had the credit life loss ratio go up in Brazil and we had seen that stabilize and start to come down as I talked about, we put all of our risk management techniques in there. But that has been the only other opportunity we have had there on the credit side, [inaudible] stable.
Elizabeth Malone – Keybanc Capital: Okay I must have misunderstood. And then just, as far as expansion on the Solutions side, what are the targeted countries or are you going to be expanding in the countries you are already in?
Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yeah. That really is the focus right now. As I mentioned earlier, we have no new countries that we will enter in 2008. The real focus is getting the six countries that we have in development really up to speed and get them to be contributors obviously to the profitability of the company and then ultimately ROE. So, we're working very hard on that in 2008. There are other countries we did extensive research when we first launched our international strategy six years ago. There are a number of other countries that are very attractive to us. But one of the things that we want to be very mindful of is that it is not just the money, obviously what we are disclosing now and talking about the dollars we are spending, it's really about the human capital and how far can we stretch to do this right. I mean obviously not very passionate that we have very special techniques in the value chain and all the things we talked about that have worked domestically, that's great. To deploy those in other countries, it's all about people and we want to make sure that we have the right people in these countries to build the company and the culture that is really Assurant. And so that is what we are working real hard on. That is our focus for 2008 is really on the six developing countries. But again as I said, there are more countries that have all of the right metrics that we are looking for that we will get at some point.
Elizabeth Malone – Keybanc Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Hall with Wachovia.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning John.
John Hall – Wachovia Capital: Good morning Rob, welcome back.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
John Hall – Wachovia Capital: I have several questions. I was wondering if you could offer just some numbers around the prior discussion of policy duration in Specialty Property?
Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Do you want to get them all out John or you wanted to...?
John Hall – Wachovia Capital: Okay, sure. And then you had indicated that there was $37 million of wild fire related losses, I just wanted to make sure that that number was a statement of results. Also I was wondering if you had any... I know it's early days, whether the tornadoes are something we should be worrying about for the first quarter. And then also on the Specialty Property business, the 6% to 15% rate of penetration is a pretty wide berth on the subprime book, I was wondering if you just give a... and I know how you do it in terms of looking at each client. I was wondering if you would offer a better idea of where that number is skewing in the aggregate.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me just start John, then I am going to turn it over to Gene. Because I think we understand what the questions we get on things, we start with the lenders classification of loans. Okay? So, it is not like there is a definition of prime loan or subprime loan, it's how it is presented to us by the lender. So, you can imagine with the variation in how those get categorized, we are going to see variations in the numbers. The second thing I would add is there is also slight... that they are slightly moving those numbers around sometimes, so they may classify a loan in one bucket and move it to another bucket. So, it causes is all the numbers to move so. With that, I will turn it over to Gene, he can provide some more color.
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Sure. And there is also a different make up that is in each one of their portfolios. I mean there are some people that are Alt-A lenders for the most part and they may classify them as subprime and then there is others that are D&F lenders in that same category. So, the range as we've seen has kind of widened. We really tried to just kind to keep up the data as it's moving. We haven't given any specific numbers about our penetration. We have shared with you in the past that we had had somewhat of a 2 percentage point increase year-over-year. That has increased to about 3 percentage point increase. So, I can give you that much.
John Hall – Wachovia Capital: Okay.
Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: So another question you had was on tornadoes, I can't say that we will get some losses out of this event, I think it's still early. I wouldn't anticipate that there is going to be anything material based on our exposure. In regards to your question around our fire losses, we did initially report $37 million as our loss related to the fires and I think at that point in time, we were trying to be conservative based on actual experience through the end of the year. We did bring that down a little bit, so it ended up being ultimately $34.1 million pre-tax that we did record in our financials. I think you had one more question, John, around policy duration and I think I need some further clarification on just what your question is.
John Hall – Wachovia Capital: You didn't really put a number on it, you said that it was lengthening. I was just wondering if you had a starting point on some of those different categories?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, there is such a varied mix going on in there that it gets difficult to try and pin it down. I think it's lengthening out a bit as one would expect, but it's difficult without going into great detail to provide that, which we are not going to do.
John Hall – Wachovia Capital: Thanks. Just one last thing. On the share repurchase, I heard your comments at the beginning of the call, Rob, I was just wondering if you could share what is the rationale behind the Counsel’s advice?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's just this. We are a conservative company and we… you’ll see that all over in our risk management etcetera. I think that could there be risk there, there could be given there is other opportunities, we feel that we might as well wait for when things are a bit clearer.
John Hall – Wachovia Capital: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bill Wilt with Morgan Stanley.
William Wilt – Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Bill.
William Wilt – Morgan Stanley: Hi Rob, welcome back.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
William Wilt – Morgan Stanley: First question is on Health and the individual medical. As that gets more competitive and I understand that a lot of large managed care companies are entering that market, maybe you can affirm that if that’s right. Just any dial forward, what do you think are reasonable expectations? Is it that that growth will continue to slow, but margins will stay at or about the same level? Is some margin erosion inevitable? And I guess if you could also consider would you consider selling the business to one of the large managed care companies looking to get into individual medical?
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, let me make a couple of comments, Bill and then I will turn it over to Don to make some comments. But first we've been in this business a long time, we have a long history here and we mentioned I think actually on prior calls that we've seen the big players enter this market. I think what is interesting is given all the growth around things, we've also seen a number of small players enter in the last couple of quarters. This is very typical of the individual market. It's seen as a big opportunity, people enter. I have my doubts whether all those players will be around in a couple of years, okay. So, in the big players, I think they are looking at their large markets really maturing and not being a lot of growth there and looking at individual as a way to supplement that in play, but I think we need to put in the context, okay. The number of people covered for individual medical versus the number of people covered in their core markets is a small, small fraction. They cannot deal with their shortfall on the large group side solely by being in the individual market. It is a different skill set as we've mentioned all along that's why we like this niche business. It leverages on what we are very good at and will continue to be good at and they need to build those capabilities to compete. Some of them have and will do so successfully, but part of our national franchise is we can move and find the opportunities as they exist. So, I think we are well positioned here. We realize there is going to be times when we are going to step back from the fray on pricing and maintain our discipline to maintain an approach that we think produces profitable growth over the long term.
William Wilt – Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Thanks for that. Let me switch gears to Solutions with Craig on. I was watching Circuit City and Best Buy in particular during the holiday season and if I am remembering correctly, they talked about pretty meaningful decreases in their sales of extended warranties and that if my memory serves me correctly and notwithstanding contrasting, Craig your observation about attachment rates increasing during… presently or during a recession. So, I guess I don't know if you want to address that conflict if there is one, but also I guess it is the general observation about the level of attachment rates in the context of an economic or consumer-led economic slowdown.
Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Sure Bill. Obviously, I don't comment individually on our clients and their individual attachment rates and my comments were really at an aggregate level. We had very strong holiday sales. That's why as I mentioned our overall topline was up on our service contracts both on the quarter and year-over-year. So, it is a strong season for us. Again that's taking all of our clients collectively. I mean and it is obviously a good question as it relates to the overall economy and what that’s doing to retail sales. What I meant by attachment rates earlier is that what we are seeing for our larger clients is the desire to get better at this and again I’ve talked for several years about our value chain and our ability to help clients improve both the attachment rates on the front end and then retention on the back end. So, we are working very, very hard on that. But the other thing to blow that retail EFC space up a little further than just the big box retailers, other big part of strategy is new distribution. And again finding special niches is really what we are about and we are having a lot of success now in some of the niches, a niche in the motorcycle, RV, power sports, I’ve talked about wireless in the past and mentioned in your comments earlier that we had a nice new wireless client come on. So, I am very encouraged that we'll continue to keep pushing at this industry and not just ebb and flow as the big box retailers might know.
William Wilt – Morgan Stanley: Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you are next question is coming from Jukka Lipponen with KBW.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Jukka.
Jukka Lipponen – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good morning Rob, and welcome back and I also wanted to thank Kerry having to move in to step under the circumstances. A couple of questions. First of all for Craig, can you give us an update in your efforts in China?
Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Hey you got me. We’re basically at start up phase there. On the insurance side the regulatory environment is very unique, it takes a minimum of two years before you can even apply for your license that's after you open your rep offices. That’s the phase we're in on the insurance side now is opening our rep office and then we begin the two-year process of application. I guess the good news in China for us has been the service contract business where we can write it as a service and non-insurance. So, we have in the fourth quarter opened our office in China, we've hired our initial staff, we have a manager in place for the service contract business, and we're still actively searching for our general manager there. So, our template of how we start a country is really well under away, and the initial indications are the overall service contract business is very attractive to us. We have ongoing discussions now with the retailers there and are quite encouraged by that. With that said, it is a very in-depth process to enter any country and in particular China and obviously the distance, the language, etcetera. So, I would expect most of 2008 we will be in a gear up mode preparing to enter the service contract business.
Jukka Lipponen – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And secondly, how does your loss ratio for the REO business compare with the loss ratio for the rest of your creditor-placed business?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Okay. Jukka, this is Gene and let me try and respond to that. We typically don't break out specific loss ratio components among our business. What we have said though is that we do have consistent combined ratios in the REO business with the rest of our business and we continue to see that. Again, I think we've got good momentum, we had record year, and we see that continuing in '08.
Jukka Lipponen – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And lastly Rob, I don't know what kind of color you can give us, but obviously a lot of people are wondering how confident was the Board in reinstating you that there wont be any issues that could hinder to your ability to function as CEO from a regulatory standpoint. So, anything... any kind of color that you can give us there will be helpful.
Kerry Clayton - President and Chief Executive Officer (Emeritus), Assurant: This is Kerry, I'll take that one since Rob is back about ten days. The Board did complete a very comprehensive review with respect to Rob and concluded that it was in the best interest of the company and shareholders obviously that Rob resumed his leadership of the company. They viewed that he had acted consistently in the best interest of the company and that he is great vantage of the company and he has the full support of the Board in that. So, he is fully in place and he's leading the company as he did in the past.
Jukka Lipponen – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thank you. And Kerry, enjoy your retirement again.
Kerry Clayton - President and Chief Executive Officer (Emeritus), Assurant: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is coming from Steven Schwartz with Raymond James.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Good morning everybody. Welcome back Rob and Kerry, enjoy Mardi Gras next year. A couple of questions centering around Solutions. First I wanted to follow up with Beth’s question. I think she meant to ask about the contract business, your service contract loss experience, she stated was up. She had said creditor business, but I think she met the contract loss experience?
Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Yes, Steven. And that’s referring back to the two clients we had talked about domestically and we're seeing again all the leverage and the risk management we put in place and then again I referenced that some of the comments this morning. We are very comfortable those are heading in the right direction. We are seeing improvement and again I expect continued improvement and believe we are right on track with four to six quarters that we originally announced.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Okay. So, it's the same two accounts. Okay, that’s good. Just following up [inaudible] auto, getting any traction there?
Craig Lemasters - President and Chief Executive Officer, Assurant Solutions: Okay, let me comment on that. We continue to make progress on the renter side of the business. It still continues to be a smaller business line for us. But actually, we had about 28% growth in that line in 2007. It continues to be an adjacency we are excited about and something that we think will have some ongoing value to assess as we continue to penetrate that market. As it relates to CPI, we continue to make progress in that line. As I said last quarter in particular, it will take time. I also said that it is likely that we will meet to start tracking some portfolios with a second phase of the actual insurance placement and we are executing that strategy and I am opportunistic. I am certainly optimistic that we are going to get some traction around that, we do feel it's good adjacency for us. It's going to be a part of what we hope to be our long-term profitable growth strategy. It is well within our niche market and it's going to serve some untapped needs. So, we are excited about it.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Okay. And then returning back to Solutions and maybe Mike touched on this, but he was moving along pretty fast and I’m tired. The selling underwriting general and administrative expenses of Solutions is up I think an extraordinary amount vis-à-vis the third quarter obviously your business is up and I don't think that explains all that. I am just… is this reflective of international? Is it primarily reflective of what you are spending on international and is maybe something from Mayflower in there as well?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: I’ll go first Steven. Yes, I mean I think part of this obviously is international as we talked about, but if you break out some of the other factors that led to the fourth quarter line, one is the U.K. acquisition that we talked about.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Okay.
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: So, we have expense put in for that. And then I mentioned also in the earlier comments some other international expenses and really those are all around for the most part U.K. and Europe and things that we just are putting in place, most of which is driven by the FSA, which is the primary regulator there. And it’s similar to what we went through in the SOX environment several years ago where a lot of that is people-related spend to get in compliance in terms of our processes and documentation. So, none of it is negative, it just is incremental expense that division does for both our UK operation and really all of Europe because we are operating there under freedom of establishment so we can transfer all those things throughout Europe. So, that’s the bulk of it.
Steven Schwartz – Raymond James: Okay. All right. Great, thank you very much.
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Dan Johnson with Citadel.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Johnson - Citadel: Good morning. Let's see... a lot of them so let’s just get on with Solutions. There is a comment about 170,000 new subprime loans added. Was that as of the end of the fourth quarter or the beginning of fourth quarter?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Hi, Dan. This is Gene and I'll answer that since it was related to the Property business. Yes, we were able to sign a new account around 170,000 subprime loans that was added and signed in the fourth quarter. We will be implementing that and we are implementing that currently and will probably start producing premium around the April timeframe.
Dan Johnson - Citadel: Got it. Great. And then within the corporate line, can you talk a little bit about some of the other expense items that might have run a little bit higher than we've seen prior year excluding items that you've already spiked out for us, it still seems like there is…?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, there were a variety of kind of miscellaneous expenses, none of which were worth itemizing by themselves though we had some consulting expenses and some various kind of unusual items that drove up our expenses this quarter and we would expect to see bit of retreat in those expense levels as we go forward.
Dan Johnson - Citadel: And if you rolled all that up, what sort of accumulated number would you end up with do you think for the quarter?
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: You mean of the extra?
Dan Johnson - Citadel: Yeah.
Michael J. Peninger - Executive Vice President; Interim Chief Financial Officer: Few million dollars, something like that or so.
Dan Johnson - Citadel: Got it. And then maybe going back to Property, the average insured value numbers are definitely pretty meaningful at whatever you said, 17%. When you think about 2007 and compare it to what 2008 could look like. What do you think... first of all what was the more important driver to premium on ‘07 penetration or TIVs and what do you think will be the more important driver in 2008?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: All right. I will certainly try to address that. We tend to be hitting on kind of all of our growth drivers as we've mentioned. So, insured value... it certainly has been a factor and we see that continuing again based on kind of the items that I discussed previously. Placement rates are also another factor that have been very important in our growth and when you look at again the macroeconomic trends around that, we are seeing delinquencies rising and we think they're going to continue to rise. We’ve seen forecloses rising and we see that continuing as well as the inventory for closed properties. So, we see those macroeconomic factors adding to our growth. Then you look to loans track and you see some impact there with us being able to add the additional 170,000 of subprime loans, which is really replacing what we disclosed to you in the fourth quarter around the 630,000 loans that we lost due to the industry consolidation. And there is premium rates, which to a lesser extent play in as a factor, but remember we did announce our Florida rate increases. Those were implemented starting really in third and fourth quarter this year. We will continue to get some additional increases in our writings for 2008 and also the increased earnings on those policies that we wrote in this year. So, beyond that we haven't really given any further guidance into the individual components, but certainly insured value and placement rates have been the primary drivers.
Dan Johnson - Citadel: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is coming from Mark Hughes with SunTrust.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you very much. In the commercial segment, is there much of an opportunity for creditor-placed business there? Do you have much within your mix currently and is that an opportunity you can pursue?
Gene Mergelmeyer - President, Assurant Specialty Property: Hi Mark, I will certainly try and address that as well. It is something that we look at on a regular basis. It doesn't quite fit the model that we have in place today except for maybe on certain niche products and it's some adjacencies that we are considering and actually implementing in smaller, commercial type products. And I think that's as far as I can probably go now, but we’ll update you in later quarters to the extent that we gain any momentum in those adjacencies.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: And just let me add on that Mark. Each of these businesses are experimenting with little things. We are looking for new niche opportunities like Gene mentioned and sometimes they work and they don't. When they become part of something we think is meaningful, we will keep you apprised and updated on things.
Mark Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Rob Pollock for any closing remarks.
Robert B. Pollock - President and Chief Executive Officer: 2007 again validated Assurant's diversified Specialty Insurance strategy and showed that it can consistently produce excellent results for our shareholders. By applying our prudent focused approach and by leveraging our core capabilities we will manage our short-term challenges and continue to pursue long-term profitable growth in our targeted areas. We thank you for joining us today and look forward to updating you on our progress.
Operator: This does conclude Assurant's fourth quarter conference call. You may now disconnect.
